Doug Bettinger: Yes, it might, Tim, but as always remind you, keep in mind the financial model when you model things. We’re right in the sweet-spot of where we should be relative to that financial model relative to operating income percentage, and gross margin and spending obviously both go into that number. But we’re kind of where we should be is how I think about it. There’ll always be puts and takes around it as you’ve seen over the last couple of years.
Doug Bettinger: I’m not going to give you a dollar number, C.J., but I’ll remind you, the way to think about it is when you’ve got an accelerating shipment profile like we’ve had you always get revenue lags as it just takes time to get things into the fab and they accepted. And when you’re seeing a guide in March where revenue again is lagging shipments and so I accept deferred revenue will build in March. What happens when shipments level off or if they in one quarter might go down a little bit, then revenue will catch up. Over time it all normalizes and it’s going to be the same numbers, right? It’s just a matter of the rate of change, a second derivative if you will of what’s going on there.
Doug Bettinger: You think about all time, Farhan, I mean the practical reality of it is until there is a definitive law out there that you can understand exactly what it requires and what are the laws you do, it’s hard to specifically answer the question. Obviously, if we get accessibility to worldwide cash without having tax penalty that creates a whole lot more flexibility for us to access the cash to do a variety of different things. Some of which might be capital return investment in the business, as Martin talked about adjacent M&A. We haven’t had any definitive conversation, because just too early right now and too much uncertainty. But stay tuned, we’re paying very close attention to it.
Doug Bettinger: Farhan, you heard Martin described kind of more first half weighted overall both WFE and shipments, and also describe NAND is maybe more first half weighted than the other stuff, so that’s a data point for you. When we look at March as well as June, everything is pretty strong. Everything investments are recurring at leading edge, it’s NAND, it’s DRAM, it’s foundry logic, it’s hitting on all cylinders from my perspective I don’t know, Martin, if you…
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I mean, it grew consistent with our expectations. I can’t remember off the top of my head whether it grew a little bit more in the equipment business or not. But it was roughly in line. It’s still roughly a quarter of the company’s overall business. And you got it right, it’s very cash generative, very profitable business, very broad-based in terms of the number of engagements and number of customers. And generally speaking that chart that Tim Archer showed you at the Analyst Day, we’re very much on track to deliver that, that growth that we had targeted and are targeting.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I am not going to give you specificity is just investments we were making with an eye towards of penetration, two nodes from now that didn’t end up come into fruition. And so we ended up with some assets that didn’t have a forward useful life, so that’s what that was, it was an investment that we decided we were no longer investing in.
Doug Bettinger: I don’t know if it’s necessarily more profitable year on year, Patrick. It’s always been quite profitable. It’s a great business, right? All the investment occurs in new equipment. It gets leveraged in installed base. It doesn’t require a whole lot of investment. It’s just - it’s a very profitable part of the business. But on a year-on-year basis I don’t think it’s really more profitable necessarily.
Martin Anstice: Well, probably the most important thing to say in response to that question, Tim, and I appreciate your comments about the force [ph] of the company, thank you, is that actually there is no need to kind of remake the company. I mean, that we are not sitting here as the leadership team feeling encumbered with that responsibility for several reasons. The first reason is the company is performing very well. The second reason is, in the context of how we expect the market to evolve in the next several years, in the context of these secular demand drivers for the semiconductor industry more broadly, the KLA-Tencor conversation for the company was leveraging a position of strength. And that’s the position of strength that we expect to continue for number of years. So I feel like we’ve got a tremendous opportunity with the product portfolio in the markets that we currently occupy. As we touched upon, albeit briefly, in the analyst meeting, we have attention always to capital redistribution conversations. We have attention always to adjacent market growth opportunities. And that strategic dialogue has always been active and will continue to be active. But I feel like, even if we took no action relative to product to markets, the story of the company in the next several years is going to be a story of outperformance, if we continue to execute in the way that we have.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, C.J. it’s a very good question. Thank you. So a couple of things to say and maybe I’ll kind of like step up a little bit from the NAND dialogue here just to give a little bit of context. So in our prepared comments today, Doug, specifically called out an expectation that shipments in the June quarter would be somewhat similar to shipments in the March quarter. We’ve talked about a couple of times now on expectations that this is a WFE year that has a bias more to the first-half than the second-half. And we’ll see where the year ends out. But if you ask me today what I expect the balance to be in terms of shipments and WFE, it’s hard for us to see today at an industry level and the company level a better balance in shipments, and WFE than 55/45 first-half/second-half. And the NAND flash segment is one of the segments that’s a little bit more acute from that in terms of first-half bias, in large part simply a byproduct of the timing of customer investment decisions and not every NAND flash customer in the world is biased to first-half investments. But the sum of all of the market as best we understand it today is slightly more first-half concentrated than the overall 55/45 reference I just gave you for the industry. So in answer more specifically to your question, we clearly take a position that the secular trends, the multitude of demand drivers the SSD roadmap that our customers are invested in, is a multiyear and a long-term reality. And we’ve articulated, I hope the substance of the positioning of Lam Research in the mix of enabling that, and the etch and the deposition portfolios of the company get stronger. And they are relevant, if not, more relevant today than they were a month or two ago relative to the future of our customers. So as we think about the question, I would say, 3D NAND is clearly a very strategic investment, number one. Number two, there is a multitude of demand drivers that are very well established and legitimate I think for our customers. We do see discipline and the timing is really just a byproduct of individual choices for investment for our customers. We expect to end the year with less capacity in qualification than when we started the year, which maybe is another commentary on discipline. And maybe most important of them all, the capital intensity conversation is really unchanged year over year, which I think is positive for the industry. And in addition to last comment, the investment plans for the industry to transition to 3D in our models would cause us to end this year with less than half the installed base 3D capable, so multiple year investment for demand and technology roadmap drivers.
Martin Anstice: Maybe last point to add on that, if you take a long-term model, which Doug has already said, is the guidance we can give you always for modeling the financials of the company. If you look at the stated revenue model for the company, in the 2017/2018 timeframe at a $35 billion WFE, implied by that model and our statements today around WFE expectations for 2017, which cause you to conclude that a revenue level for the company in the $8 billion range is a reasonable stake in the ground. Now, that is obviously not a forecast, it’s not guidance. It’s kind of triangulating around the disclosure of the company. And if WFE turns out in the way that we’ve articulated today, we would expect an $8 billion reference for revenues as a legitimate framework for modeling the company.
Martin Anstice: I have to profess I don’t know the exact off the top of my head. If we can get it by the end of this call we’ll provide it. But needless to say, we’re in great shape in terms of kind of DRAM position. I mean, it has a dominant profile to it in terms of conversion spending and the segments of etch particularly is in the kind of top-end of the investments of the customer that are typically upgraded from node to the other. So there was a noticeable headwind for us last year because of a reduced spending. And that situation is very different this year. Now, all that said, in spite of the fact that we expect more investments in calendar 2017 in DRAM than 2016, we still expect the level of investments in DRAM in 2017 to be lower than the levels of 2015 and 2014, just as a proxy. And I think everybody understand pricing tells the story, and it tells the story really well right now in DRAM relative to supply and demand balance or even maybe constraint.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think maybe what’s true role of us in the supply chain is - two things need to come together maybe at least two things need to come together to be successful. You have to have the money to fund investment. And you have to have the know-how the competency and the capability to execute, and reality is for all of us getting access to know-how competency and capability includes a broad range of incentives and technology licensing and acquisition can be one of them, but it’s not the only one. And so I would maybe, say, our view relative to China and to be very clear, I specifically called out China domestic memory is my message today, clearly there is a history and reality in the future of well-established domestic foundry investment in China as well as the participation of the global equipment, of the global semiconductor companies. So my comment was really focused on domestic China memory more 2018 to 2017, and money, and know-how competency and capability is what it takes for all of us in any part of the world to go execute.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I would say maybe just to be very direct. Our shipments guidance today from March quarter assumes that there will be sequential growth across foundry, DRAM, and NAND. Next question, please.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, actually our China perspective today I feel is actually unchanged from the commentary of the analyst meeting. Clearly, there is an ambitious agenda. Our assumption is there is a greater investment in calendar 2017 in China. And the largest single component of that expansion year-over-year we’ve assumed is domestic, not international, and it’s logic foundry in focus.
Martin Anstice: I think one of the reasons why we answer the question the way we do, Harlan, is because there are two value propositions of the customer service business group and one of them is the contribution to the company of profitable growth, which is the essence of your question. The second is the contribution to the company through the delivery of installed base performance that makes the underlying systems businesses of etch and deposition, clean more competitive and it’s more valuable to the customer and to the company. So that’s how I think about the totality of value that’s possible for the customer and the company, and so that the - the specificity of income statements by segment is not so relevant for us.
Martin Anstice: Thank you for your comments there at the beginning. No, I think as I said a few minutes ago, our expectation is I wouldn’t describe it as a bounce. I’d describe it as a demand-driven investments by our customers. But the expectation is that the level of investments continues to be sustainable, continues to be disciplined. And we’re certainly modeling a level of investment for 2017 that is lower than the levels of investment that occurred in 2015 and 2016, but to your point, higher than 2016. So it’s probably a little early for us to get specific on segments at the WFE level, given we’re only in the first month of the year, but you should expect us to put more substance on that maybe in the next earnings call.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, I - maybe it’s a little - I’ll break your question into two parts. One of them is the kind of technology roadmap of the customer. And I think we don’t actually have a tremendous amount of data points in terms of the pacing of 3D device architecture kind of scaling. As you know the end of last year and this year it’s really first year, where we have a broad participation by every semiconductor company in this space, in 3D device architecture. There is a roadmap that’s a multiple node roadmap, I think we presented that in analyst meeting, I think our customers talk about having multiple steps beyond the 64-layer device. And we currently have a stake in the ground that’s going to 18 months as a reasonable proxy, and obviously our R&D engagements run all the way through the roadmap of the customer for the next five years. So I think the answer to your economic question, investment levels is all a byproduct of momentum in the marketplace around this broad set of drivers and kind of momentum in terms of solid state drive technology. And I’ve read a bunch of questions around yields of customers in this technology, and I think ironically investment is the commentary on confidence around yield, and I think ironically the creation of demand in the space is somehow related to economics. And so there is a momentum around creating legitimacy in the vision of the entire ecosystem, and economics, and scaling the devices central to that and we are here to do the best we can to support the vision of our customers.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I think, we have an opinion and it’s always plus or minus. We have an opinion that actual wafer starts capacity for DRAM is relatively constant through the year. So our view right now is no material change in capacity end of year 2017 compared to beginning of year 2017, the best color I can give you right now on capital intensity is that it’s dominated by a conversion based investments in DRAM, and we are not seeing a material positive or negative in the next several technology nodes around capital intensity. The position of the company is very strong, we have good share, and as to your earlier question, good SAM presence in the context of WFE. So I feel like we’ve positioned very nicely but certainly no expectations of capacity addition, and if capacity addition does occur, I have every confidence it will be demands driven.
Martin Anstice: Maybe, I am not quite understanding your question. I will take a shot at giving you some color on it. I think the commitments of every customer to their technology is a statement on either actual yield or planned and realizable yields in the eyes and minds of the customer. I think there is enough discipline around all of us, but we make investments when we have confidence and we don’t make them or not. So that would a kind of generic answer to your question and obviously the intensity, the investment levels at least of 64 layer device for more than 48 in the investment levels of 96, and more than 64. And the answer to your question in terms of capital intensity is going to be a byproduct to the pricing on the die when it comes off a wafer. And I think the customer is much better equipped to answer that than we are.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean the disclosure from everybody privately and publically that we have access to causes me to say no change in the message of the analyst meeting. And to refresh, we articulated SAM expansion for Lam at 40% from the 2015 to 2016 timeframe through the 20. We are definitely an advocate of technology innovation like EUV as a contribution to extending the value of the entire semi-ecosystem. And we’re invested in contributing to the enablement of that to the extent that we can, so no real change the set of assumptions that we articulated in terms of number of passes, and the economics of that implementation for us. And I think importantly the market characterization between space based multi-patterning and litho-etch schemes. We communicated I think exactly the same headlines and messages today as we did in the analyst meeting.
Martin Anstice: What we - I guess, we have a $4 billion range on this - which is customary for us. So what does it take to be the high end of any range? It takes legitimate demand for semiconductor devices and the need to add capacity. I kind of - I go back to one of the core themes of the analyst meeting. This is no longer the world of a killer app nor one dominant device. And even that one dominant device that we talked about five years ago, I think by most people’s view is seeing a stabilizing, or decline, or maybe even potential for growth this year. This is a world of secular demands and a very diverse set of demand drivers, and I think our customers when I sit down where the customer today, the entire conversation is focused on time to market for them, and enabling their business strategies and competitiveness ambition to prevail. So I mean the simple answer is demand, if the vision of the customer and the industry, and the performance of the entire ecosystem deliver what’s possible then we are in the multiple year period of expansion, and we’ve called out specifically what we think that means for our company.
Martin Anstice: I guess, the amusing interpretation of that is, we are not so good at analytics, because it takes us a while to get it right. I feel like actually - and maybe it’s all about Satya joining the company that the analytics of the company are now perfect. Now, I actually think that we now have much more experience under our belts, right? I mean, to give us a little bit of credit, if you go back three to five years this was a concept and there was really only one customer in the world that was singularly committed to that device architecture. And collectively we’ve gone through an incredible learning about what it takes to manufacture that device architecture. And we’ve gone through an incredible learning relative to how the customers individually implement considering greenfield opportunities, conversion from planar to 3D and plain simple scaling of 3D capacity. So I feel like a knock on wood that the analytics presented at the analyst meeting are good for the next several years. But I am sure you will ask your question in a year’s time if I say something different.
Martin Anstice: I think there is a kind of macro trend that is very important to us as we think about the strategy for this business. And the macro trend is a trend for us at least of targeting by investment, the most valuable products and services for the customer. So there are two types of business you can have in the installed base space. You can sell spare parts and maintain equipment at one extreme. At another extreme, you can be all of that and also a provider of advanced services around installed base optimization, for example, or taking productivity improvements that you’ve embedded in latest generation leading-edge equipments and putting them back into a 28 nanometer space, for example. So advanced services and value creating products and services is our focus. And if we’re successful developing that capability, if we are successful having it competitive over time. I think there is a trend to higher profit opportunities. So that would be maybe another characterization for you.
Martin Anstice: No. We don’t see decline across all segments. There is a - maybe I can go back to my earlier statements. It is only January, so we have a tremendous amount of adds and subtracts ahead of us by virtue of push and pull, and changes in the investment strategies of our customers. So please recognize that we are giving you the best we can, but I guarantee it will change. The best we can say today relative to first-half and second-half is exactly what I noted earlier. We don’t expect a more balanced shipments and WFE year than 55/45. And as I added as a supplement the concentration to the first-half shipments in WFE for NAND, we believe is above that average. Now, everything I just said could change, but that’s the best we got for you today in terms of first-half and second-half balance. The second thing that I try to provide some context to you for analytical purposes, that was a reference to revenues. And what I wanted to do there was to make sure that everybody interpreted the long-term stated financial models as we had intended. And so there was a long-term model that referenced revenues, not shipments, referenced revenues in the 2017 and 2018 calendar year timeframe with an assumption of $35 billion of WFE with revenues $7.25 billion to $8 billion. And what I said today is that, that we had intended that with that information you would derive approximately a $8 billion revenue reference to the assumptions of SAM concentration and WFE and share that we’ve communicated in the last several months including this earnings call.
Martin Anstice: Wow, I really don’t know that I have a basis to answer that question. I mean, there are so many moving parts. There is clearly a very strong ambition for investments and there are kind of stated numbers I think available to us all. And whether those numbers are investment dollars or those numbers are kind of wafer in start references, I think I’ve read references to 3,000 to 4,000 wafer starts for NAND. I think I read 1,000 wafer starts to DRAM. I mean I have no idea on how this will kind of play out. But we continue to engage in every region of the world with every customer in the world to support to the best of our abilities.
Martin Anstice: Well, we’re constantly investing in flexing and it’s a nature of this industry. It’s less today from traditional cyclicality and disconnects on an industry level between supply and demand, more today because of the variability that any one customer can bring to us as a supplier to the semiconductor industry. We have no public disclosure for you on utilization or capacity. But I would reinforce the point that I made a little earlier. We are focused on proactively investing in the business of our company and that means proactively investing in technology and also operational capabilities for manufacturing and supply chain and service, to execute and support the success of our customers. And we did a lot of that already, right? We’ve invested in creating the potential to increase the output of this company by 40% in a really short period of time. Our average shipments in calendar 2016 were $1.6 billion I think, and maybe $1.6 billion to $1.7 billion. And we just gave guidance materially in excess of that. So the investments is proactive and we’re obviously focused on the flexibility of our business model as much as ever.
