Martin Anstice: I think next year we’ll continue to see planar investment levels being greater than 3D. Obviously there is a decent amount of installed base available and I think without exception today every customer is committed to scaling and committed to 3D NAND transition. And as you know there has been a various timing available from a customer. My expectation is that NAND flash investment continues to be very disciplined and in fact I would say it’s probably the tightest of any of the segments in terms of the balances supply and demand next year. And I think we’ll see a meaningful addition of capacity of 3D NAND, but we would still expect planar spending to be higher than 3D.
Martin Anstice: No, I mean the front-end-of-line is kind of largest market expansion opportunity, I mean the company is very competitive in back end of line; we have kind of great position and through the last several technology nodes we’ve been very successful at defending those positions. So the investment levels in clean and the growth opportunity in clean for sure has some back end of line growth opportunities. But in large part this is a front end of line expansion opportunity and we continue to be very engage with customers. Since the last earnings call, we have at least kind of one more engagement to my knowledge. And I would still say that’s the initial revenues for kind of the new products, although there is some evidence of that today in a material context that’s really still a 2015 event for the company. And there are kind of two parts of the decision making process relative to a new product, one of them is the decisions of the company to stay committed to investments and we’ve clearly performed and executed with in mind in calendar ‘14 and then ultimately set decisions by customers to adopt to technology and we’re kind of in that critical phase where in many respect the decision making about the health and the direction of our clean business is more in the hands of the customers than the company. I think we’ve done what we should have done, we delivered a productive platform, we have a clear strategy around kind of difference here, the solutions offerings and it will either demonstrate differentiation of added the customer and call them to adopt our product or not. And I think the next kind of 6 to 12 months is kind of critical for the company in that regard.
Martin Anstice: I think really kind of nothing new from the company on this point really, C. J. I mean the outperformance of the company is now kind of a two year work product. I mean we had revenue performance greater than WFE for two years in succession. And I believe we’re going to enjoy the same performance benefits in calendar ‘15 and hopefully beyond. We’ve got a lot of execution obviously. But certainly the set up is very healthy in that regards. And the growth opportunity is defined principally by SAM expansion by the markets of deposition and etch going faster than the average, and the multi-patterning opportunity in DRAM and logic, both the 3D NAND transition and ultimately advanced packaging are kind of the critical areas of segmentation that present that. And we’re working really hard to compound that opportunity by actually executing market share growth in each of our businesses as well in the long-term and the short-term performance from my perspective makes the long-term objectives rational and credible. So the largest opportunity in the inflection continues to be multi-patterning, second largest, 3D NANDs and both of those are heavy etch and deposition intensive process flows and device architectures. So I think the future is build upon the same outperformance elements as our recent history. And as I said in my prepared comments, the success of the company in terms of market share and positioning products and services which is kind of demonstrated outperformance in the last couple of years is kind of building momentum at the proportion of WFE spending by us as the inflections. So this year, I think the inflections see about 25% to WFE; next year we’re kind of at approximately a third; and by 2017 probably 50% of WFE spending will be directly related to the inflections so providing the outperformance potential on SAM expansion and market share for the company.
Martin Anstice: Yes, the only conviction I had is there will be a first half and second half. It’s really hard to answer a question like that. I mean we’ve got kind of a pretty wide range on our WFE number; it feels really too early to answer that question. I do think consistent with Doug’s comments on our inventory builds which you see in our balance sheet in September, we do expect a strong first half of next year and quite how strong it will be is kind of still to be determined but for sure, the visibility through the March quarter would imply that will what will be the case today. And it is really difficult when you’re kind of nine months away and 12 months away to start a timing with any substance on the second half. I’ll take a shot at answering that question if I may in January. 
Martin Anstice: Well, I think to the latter part of the question the kind of spacer-based approach is kind of definitely a trend which is accelerating. I’m not going to directly answer your question in terms of capacity at the 40 nanometer nodes because frankly we don’t spend a huge amount of time getting precise to one node, we’re kind of grouping 20 and 16 and 14 together because to a very large extent the equipment selection for the customers are relevant for kind of all three kind of nodes or half nodes if you want to characterize it that way. But we would expect that according to the assumptions that I’ve kind of given you this up 5% to 10% WFE number, we would expect that kind of the 15% ends with about 210,000 and 220,000 maybe 230,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 14, 16 and 20.
Martin Anstice: No, I think there is actually a meaningful investment and there are kind of a number of expansion plans in China. And clearly in light of the kind of government and region specific agenda, I think everybody is developing and finessing their kind of China strategies and I would certainly say that’s relevant for Lam Research as well. So, we have a very strong team, we have very closed engagement with the customers and I think we are participating well in the spending as it’s going to flatten in the next year or so. Relative to the big on unasked questions where does the government investment end up between device design, device manufacturing or even materials and equipment supply. My sense is in those four areas, there is a meaningful investment level in the device manufacturing, but I think design is going to take a lot of that money, that’s my instinct today.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think our position with EUV is like almost identical today as it was at the Analyst Day. I mean the customer comments continue to reinforce; the 10-nanometer insertion is not the plan record for EUV. And I’m even reading kind of custom commentary that talks about non-EUV assumptions or non-EUV possibilities for 7-nanometer logic flows as well. Our assumption is that 7-nanometer insertion -- first of all, it’s not relevant to the calendar ‘17 models of the company. So it’s a ‘18 influence if at all. And we think it will be implemented with multiple patterning. And so one of the things I’m struck by some of the external commentary that I read is this kind of like debate in the investment community around EUV and a very simplistic commentary on ASMI winning, Lam losing or Lam winning and ASMI losing. I think that dramatically oversimplifies things. When we look at kind of the base EUV roadmap and the assumptions that we think are relevant in modeling, the impact of EUV on our business at the 7 nanometer technology node, we think kind of two to three passes is kind of a relevant insertion magnitude for EUV. And if you want to be more aggressive, then maybe you’ll see in five or four or six or even eight. But even in that more aggressive scenario, what it does for our SAM and remember the context for our SAM. As long as there is multi-patterning, there is a SAM expansion opportunity for the company. And if you look at the 10 nanometer technology node from the material that we’ve previously presented to you, there is a meaningful expansion of SAM opportunities for the company from first generation fabric FinFETs to the second 10 nanometers. And we still believe that SAM expansion go into 7 nanometer even with the aggressive adoption that we’ve kind of characterized. So, if you want to be extremely conservative about the impact of EUV on the SAM of Lam Research, you’d may size the impact of couple of hundred million dollars. But it is not any more than that from the perspective that we have on insertion even with a 6 to 8 pass assumption at the 7 nanometer technology node.
Martin Anstice: Just to kind of add a little bit to that and this is as much as you’re going to get on March. I think the deposition portfolio which has a greater magnitude in new product releases which are kind of maturing in terms of demonstrating value and also kind of cost reduction to company, definitely there is a greater proportion of deposition products in our mix in December than in September, so that’s two points kind of part of the story. But the concentration of the business in December is actually not so very different from September from a customer point of view but from March it will be very concentrated. So our outlook right now for March is the top three customers will represent for us maybe kind of two-thirds of our system shipments and that compares with about the 45% level for December. So concentration of customers is definitely going to be a relevant part of our conversation in the March quarter based on what we see today.
Martin Anstice: What you think my reply is going to be if you’ve asked me this question before? Yes, I’m not going to give that right now. We are -- I think we’re looking at a strong March and I wouldn’t say it’s strong if there wasn’t kind of more than $100 million bucks or $150 million bucks or $200 million bucks, which is kind of the range that you are kind of talking about. But that’s as good as you can get for now.
Martin Anstice: So, I mean maybe the difference is the timing of someone’s order placement or its order commentary versus ship commentary, I mean we’re all of that ship commentary as you know. So, hopefully that helps.
Martin Anstice: Well, it’s relative to kind of the foundry performance for the company. It’s kind of a bit of everything. I mean it’s the level of investments as 20-nanometer expansion kind of occurs as first generation FinFETs get invested and committed broadly across the industry and there is this kind of 28-nanometer kind of play as well. So we definitely get to kind of floats with the rising tide. It’s a very specific commentary from the company around SAM expansion through multi-patterning and also 3D device architecture and logic. And we’ve got a little bit of a share gain in the mix as well. So, as I’ve mentioned a number of times I think the primary story for the company is kind of the SAM expansion story. The market share is definitely a bonus for us, but a very important part of what we’re investing to achieve. You had a second part to the question which I’ve forgotten I think, sorry.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I think in terms of the output of the company and the business done from the company, we’re kind of tracking ahead of ‘14 and ‘15 kind of revenue level as many of you guys have kind of made that point. But to Doug’s point, timing is a very significant part, or passing time is the very significant part of the ‘16 and ‘17 model. And it’s not just about that kind of maturing products which is very important but it’s about the magnitude of WFE which is an inflection, it’s about the success of market share, growth plans in the company of multiple years. So, ‘16 to ‘17 really does mean ‘16 to ‘17. So my advice relative to kind of modeling ‘15 is use the ‘14, ‘15 model that we’ve given you and flex it through the WFE assumption. That’s what I would do. And more or less, the 25% operating expense level that’s defined in ‘14 or ‘15 is a legitimate reference point for the company.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I would. But it doesn’t trouble me, if it isn’t, because the magnitude of backlog in this industry today is insanely low and it’s about versatility and flexibility to respond to short term demand. So the magnitude of order placement to shipments in short order is high and these days the conversion of shipments to revenues is pretty high as well.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I feel I’m going to be pretty miserable responding to that honestly. I think I had a version of that question on the last call. And we’ve kind of given you that answer for the ‘17 horizon, the ‘16, ‘17 horizon. And I’ll just kind of refresh that as a reference so everybody has it. So in the context of a $2 SAM that we defined we’ve kind of said that $800 million plus or minus a 100 is in the kind of foundry logic space which includes device architecture and multi-patterning. 300 plus and minus 50 is in the DRAM space which in large part is a multi-patterning. 600 plus and minus the 100 is kind of NAND in large part 3D NAND. And the advance packaging opportunity is 300 plus or minus a 100. And big part of that is obviously kind of 3D transition, three silicon via. So that’s kind of the reference point. Now what is going to be prevalent and most dominant in that context in calendar ‘15, I think the answer to that questions is multi-patterning and logic in DRAM, since that device transition, and we will see a continued deployment of 3D NANDs, but I think calendar ‘16 will be a much stronger play than ‘15 for 3D NAND HVM. I mean I think there will be a meaningful addition of 3D NAND capacity in ‘15, but I don’t think it will compare to the additions in ‘16. And the advanced packaging I would say is going to show up, but it’s probably again more of a ‘16 play in substance than ‘15 at this point. Hopefully that’s some color that you can work with.
Martin Anstice: Well, I definitely think that the impact on outputs for square foot of clean room in the DRAM space is a very relevant conversation and certainly to the extent there are additions of capacity forecasted assumes for DRAM next year. They don’t take the baseline of available capacity up in any meaningful way for the reason that you’ve just described. So, I think we’ve got about 60,000 wafers our assumption for 2015 adds, but those adds just simply keep available capacity almost flat to kind of year-on-year. In the NAND space, my instinct is the conversation is much more relevant in the planar to 3D transition that it is in kind of traditional planar scaling. I’m sure there is some elements, but I haven’t seen it show up permanently in conversations with the customers where it’s huge customer interface is in kind of planar to 3D transition in NAND flash. That’s a big one in terms of complexity of line layout and density of process chambers in a clean room.
Martin Anstice: Well that will be our plan. I mean we’re working really hard to take advantage of every opportunity including any opportunities provided by competitors being distracted in any way shape or form. And if that distraction happens to a merger, if a merger is approved because integrating companies is not an easy skill to acquire it, it’s extremely difficult. We are going to work hard to exploit every single opportunity to grow this company and that’s a time expansion, Stephen and it’s a market share Stephen. And then we’ll see how it plays out, but that’s the plan.
Martin Anstice: All of the share gain opportunities that [Jupiter] has talked about before are comprehended in the model. Say it differently, yes.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think it’s kind of very similar to the answer I gave few moments ago. I think that planar scaling in NAND flash is clearly the majority of spending next year and that’s a very tight specs, I mean supply and demand balance is really tight there and you can kind of see that evidence in the kind of pricing stability and the profitability levels of our customers. I think the investments in DRAM next year to a very large extent is very efficient, it’s about technology conversions. There are performance benefits associated with the shrink, but there is meaningful cost benefits to the shrink. So, I think the motivation of customers to take advantage of an opportunity to invest to improve their financial performance with the cost benefits of scaling, it’s clearly a very important part of their commitment. And there is a pretty aggressive raise to the FinFET foundry opportunity. So, I mean those are the influences that I think are relevant to answering your question for the industry. For the company, our big growth trajectories are kind of multi-patterning and logic in DRAM. And 3D device architecture is very beneficial for the company and that’s valid in the logic space and it will be valid in the 3D NAND space as well. But again to my earlier point, not to the extent that I expect it to be relevant as people transition, as everybody transitions, I think had a pilot into HVM in the kind of ‘16 time line.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think all of our customers have kind of more or less said the same thing, right. I mean they have said they are working really hard to extend planar for as much as possible and as long as possible. But I think they are all invested in the legitimacy of a 3D NAND transition and there is kind of commitment by all of them to developments and kind of deployments. I had expected, if I kind of look at beginning of this year, I had expected the performance and the cost benefits of 3D device to have matured sufficiently by the end of ‘14, but the kind of market dynamics accelerated the stated timelines of all four customers that have kind of engagements. And it hasn’t kind of played out in quite that way. And so I think the original commentary from customers around kind of two or three year timeline difference between first adopter and kind of last adopter is probably as valid today as any reference point. So I think HVM transition is relevant in calendar ‘15, but I don’t think it’s relevant for everybody. So I think the HVM relevancy for everybody in 3D NAND is going to be a 2016 play. Now all bets are off, if someone is in the marketplace with the significant performance and cost benefits and kind of deployments gets kind of pulled in which was my hypothesis before and maybe that cheers up and if it does, I think life will get pretty exciting pretty quickly.
Martin Anstice: No, I don’t think so. I think we feel very comfortable with the assumption of kind of one-third of WFE being inflection based next year, I think the 28 nanometer investments is kind of supplements all and takes what already was in nodes that was in the 330,000 wafer starts per month range and makes it even a little bit bigger. It’s a lot cheaper obviously for our customers to add 20-nanometer capacity than FinFET capacity. So in spite the fact that it’s a decent number of wafer starts, it’s kind of economic consequence is lower.
Martin Anstice: Yes, with kind of due respect I went in awful of trouble last quarter to say not precisely flat. And I think a 51-49 profile which is kind of the mathematical derivative of the midpoint is pretty consistent with what I tried to position in the last earnings call. And obviously relative to kind of running the company and making choices about investments in the future, in the growth of the company and positioning to exploit SAM expansion, market opportunities as they exist. When we get these kind of ebbs and flows, and I realize the $100 million is a lot of money but when we get to these ebbs and flows, they’re not actually very material to us in terms of how we think about running the company. And the difference between December and January is not worth of huge amount of anything to us, it’s important to be aware of, it’s important to be transparent on, our commitment to continue to try to do the best we can in that context, so.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean it’s a little bit of all of that. Customer mix actually might be the biggest one every quarter Patrick. But to the extent that things unfold the way we expect going in to this quarter through the December quarter, I feel pretty good about the 45.5 that we put out. Interestingly, if you look at the last quarter, the quarter unfolded pretty much as we expected almost to every single customer. And if that happens, I feel pretty good about that gross margin forecast.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, maybe I’ll start and then -- this is Doug, Mark, I’ll let Martin on balance. We saw decent amount across a lot of different programs, a lot of different customers, we saw spending at 28, we saw little bit of 20, and we saw some at first FinFET node, 16 FinFET. So, it was pretty broad in September and we expect that’s going to continue going into December as well.
Doug Bettinger: I’m not going to get into specifics; I’ll give you a little color at least directional stuff. I think we’re going to continue to see strong foundry shipments and I think it’s going to continue to be relatively broad based. Dollar wise, probably not all that different than what we saw in the current quarter. I think memory is going to be up a little bit. And probably that’s a statement more around DRAM than NAND; given how strong NAND was in the current quarter. And I’m guessing or I think logic actually, not guessing, logic should be up a little bit as well. So, that’s a little bit of color to think about.
Doug Bettinger: Well, Tim actually 45 isn’t below at least from a gross margin standpoint, the model. If you remember the ‘14, ‘15 model, 45% was the number. So, we’re kind of right there. I think the directional color Martin was giving you as we expect customer concentration in the March quarter to be more concentrated and everything else equal that will be a little bit of a headwind from a margin standpoint. Having said that, if we’ve got stronger top-line that should offset a little bit at the operating income line.
Doug Bettinger: We both could give this good effort. All I was going to say and then feel free to add on, Martin, Jim is the time component of that model as well as just the level of top-line also.
Doug Bettinger: This has maturated some new tools that gross margin gets better as we mature the product line. So there is a time component in addition to just volume, so it won’t be as good where we’d get that spending level earlier than the ‘16, ‘17 profile, should probably be partly in between the two models.
Doug Bettinger: Romit, I would just redirect you back to the financial model which in ‘14, ‘15 shows 45% gross margin and roughly 20% operating income is the right way to be modeling the business next year.
