Shanye Hudson: Thank you, Brandy. Good afternoon, everyone, and welcome to Lam Research Corporation's quarterly conference call. With me here today are Steve Newberry, Chief Executive Officer and Vice Chairman of the Board; and Ernie Maddock, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Shortly, Ernie will discuss financial results for the March 2011 quarter. Steve will then share Lam's business outlook for the June 2011 quarter before opening up the call for Q&A. The press release detailing our financial results was distributed by Business Wire shortly after 1 p.m. this afternoon and is available on our website at lamresearch.com. Today's call contains certain forward-looking statements, including those related to our forecast of market share, shipments, revenues, expenses, margins, earnings per share, cash generation and free cash flow, as well as other statements of the company's expectations, beliefs and plans. There are important factors that could cause actual results to differ materially from those described in these forward-looking statements, and a list of these factors can be found in the slide package accompanying this conference call and on our most recent Form 10-K filed with the Security and Exchange Commission.  All forward-looking statements are based on current information, and the company assumes no obligation to update any of them. This call is scheduled to last until 3 p.m., and we ask that you please limit questions to one per firm with a brief follow-up. With that, I'll turn the call over to Ernie.
Shanye Hudson: In terms of the shipments, North American customers picked up a lot and could you help with the make up.
Shanye Hudson: Thank you. Thank you all for joining us here today. As a reminder, the audio replay will be available on our website later this afternoon, and that concludes our call.
Ernest Maddock: Thank you, Shanye. I'm pleased to report very good overall performance for the March quarter, resulting in earnings per share above the high end of our guidance. Quarter-to-quarter, shipments were within our guidance range at $813 million, a sequential decrease of 9%. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows: Applications at 65-nanometer and below represented 92% of overall system shipments, and 79% of overall system shipments were for applications at 45-nanometer and below; system shipments for NAND were 23% of overall system shipments, followed by DRAM at 15% and other memory at 4%, making the total Memory segment 42% of overall system shipments. Logic and Other accounted for 33% of overall system shipments, and the remaining 25% were to Foundry customers.  Revenues for the March quarter were above the midpoint of our guidance range at approximately $809 million, down 7% sequentially. Ongoing gross margin was near the high end of our guidance range at 46.2% and was down from 46.8% in the December quarter, due to reduced factory absorption and a less favorable customer mix.  Consistent with the plans we shared with you last quarter, we've increased our investment in customer-facing productivity enhancement and research and development activities. These customer-facing activities are supported with selected incremental investments in core R&D activities and were the primary drivers of the sequential operating expense increase of $11 million, bringing total OpEx to $177 million. As we discussed last quarter, we expect another quarter or so of incremental investment levels, and we then expect to see these investments stabilizing after that time. We believe that these ongoing investments are important to enable us to maintain and enhance our competitiveness and achieve continued market share gains.  Ongoing operating income was $197 million, which resulted in an ongoing operating margin of 24.3%. During the March quarter, our ongoing tax rate was 8.3%, a few percentage points lower than anticipated, primarily due to certain favorable discrete tax items. For fiscal year 2011, we continue to expect our tax rate to be in the low teens, and based upon the current business outlook, anticipate a similar low teens rate for the remainder of the calendar year. Based on our share count of approximately 125 million shares, earnings per share was $1.45, exceeding the midpoint of our guidance range by $0.12. Approximately half of this delta was due to the more favorable tax rate, and the remainder was the result of our stronger operating performance. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the March quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, of $1.4 billion. DSO for the March quarter was 72 days, flat from the December quarter, and inventory turns were 4.9, down from 5.6 days in the December quarter. Our DSO and inventory performance both reflect the timing of customer shipments during the quarter.  Deferred revenue at the end of the quarter increased to $247 million and excludes $36 million of shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Equity compensation expense came in at $12 million. Depreciation and amortization was $18 million, and capital expenditures were $36 million. We ended the quarter with about 3,500 employees, and there were no share repurchases during the quarter. During the March quarter, our cash flows from operations were $242 million, representing 30% of total revenues, and we are on track to deliver similar or higher levels of performance in the June quarter. Over the last four quarters, Lam's cash flows from operations were approximately 27% of total revenues. And during the same period, our free cash flow was approximately 23% of total revenue.  Lam's business model enables us to generate strong cash flows, while at the same time, making the investments we believe are necessary to further strengthen our market position and benefit from future growth opportunities. With that, I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Ernest Maddock: As we indicated, based upon the guidance Steve provided or the OpEx that you would infer from the guidance that was provided, we'll probably see another couple of million dollar variation in that as we move forward, but then we expect that to level off.
Ernest Maddock: Sure, Jim. I'll take your questions about the borrowing, and then I'll turn it to Steve for the comments on Tel. So we're always looking at the market that are available to us, relative to options that we have. So yes, we are looking at that idea of borrowing, secured by the offshore cash. We're looking at other forms of potential liquidity for the company that would enable us to be even better-positioned to do some sort of activity, whether that be something strategic or a share repurchase. And as those circumstances we feel are favorable to the company, we will act upon them.
Ernest Maddock: Yes, C.J., let me add, this is Ernie, if you step back and look at the SEMICON models and presume, based on the shipment patterns that we just talked about that we get back into that range, we're going to be back within spitting distance of those models that may not be precisely there as the result of product or customer mix, as Steve articulated. But that's a good long-term guide to think about relative to macro-level margin performance for the company at those shipment levels.
Ernest Maddock: They were essentially flat, Mehdi, and that's really a function of, that Steve spoke of earlier, the shipment pattern for the quarter where many of the shipments were occurred in the last 30 to 45 days in the quarter, and anything that ships within that time is not collectible.
Stephen Newberry: Yes, the activity for us as it relates to requested shipments in the June quarter are really, primarily, a function of both some memory pushouts. Most of it was DRAM-related. Some of that was offset by some pull-ins of NAND, but really kind of the biggest net pushout, in fact, was really related to foundry and other types of logic activities. Obviously, when we see that kind of activity, we have extensive conversations with our customers as to what the reason is behind the pushes and what their expectation is in terms of when they're going to want those deliveries, and I think the good news is that customers' intentions relative to when they want them is to, for the most part, take those deliveries in the September quarter with a few of the pushes ending up in December. But primarily, they want delivery in September. As it relates to material shortages, none of our customers have indicated that currently they're experiencing any wafer start, other types of material shortages. I think if we think about the inventories that these customers normally carry, if we look at the public statements as well as the private comments that they make to us, I think that most customers, if not all of them, really expect that they're going to be able to work through what potential issues there may be, because most of them carry 2 to 3 months worth of wafer inventory, and the expectation is that wafer supply will be back in good shape in that timeframe.
Stephen Newberry: Yes. I think we're one quarter into a lot of the activity that we're working with customers, as it relates to those applications that they're looking for qualification. I think to date, we're on track with our expectations in terms of the progress that we're making, in terms of the etch penetrations, as well as the clean penetrations. I think probably at SEMICON West, we'll probably provide a more comprehensive update, because we'll have more information at that time. But clearly, here, we had a lot of momentum, a lot of wins in the second half of 2010 that will manifest themselves into shift market share gains in 2011. And then, of course, when we look at the makeup of wafer fab equipment spending in 2011, it's going to be materially different, given Intel's statements as recently as yesterday at the last day or two that they're going to increase their capital spending even more than what they had previously announced. And so clearly, as a function of us not participating in much of that and none of it on the etch side, that will be some market share issues that will have to kind of offset with the application wins and the shipments that we do in 2011. So we'll see how that plays out over the year. We'll update that at SEMICON West. And as it stands right now, we're in good shape.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that there's a little bit of activity that we saw post the earthquake tsunami where I think a lot of customers kind of froze in place, so to speak. And what they really wanted to understand was, will this or could this have an impact in terms of demand in the marketplace? Would this or could this cause issues relative to supply chain? And so, there's definitely some aspect of that, but I think we're going to move beyond that, if not already have moved beyond that. When you talk about pricing, certainly, the NAND pricing environment is very favorable right now, and that's why what we saw in terms of what customers want in the June quarter is more NAND shipments to take advantage of the supply-and-demand situation that exists there. Where as memory, the pricing is tighter. The demand is a little bit lower than what people thought because of the consumer PC growth not being as strong. And so, ultimately, what we have is the Foundry Logic segment, which was pretty bullish, I think earlier in the year, for a variety of reasons some may be related to how quickly they could absorb a lot of what they've already taken, what are their customers doing relative to their demand profiles, what's happening as customers move from running product on 65-nanometer to run it on 40 or 45. What's the pace at which customers are wanting to come up and take 28-nanometer type ICs. I think they're in kind of a period of evaluating and assessing all of that. And so, they've kind of put some of the things on hold for a number of weeks or a couple of months. But I do think that as the year plays out, we're going to see that Foundry Logic will be very strong in the second half.
Stephen Newberry: You know, Jim, I think one of the things that's important to remember is, we do have a significant amount of offshore cash. And so, if you look for example at where we would be at the end of March and you exclude the company's restricted cash balances, you'd be at 50-50 onshore-offshore. If you include that restricted cash, you're closer to 40-60. So the overall cash balance that's available to the company relative to any share repurchases in the short term may not be as great as it would at first appear. And as we look forward into the end of this year, we would expect to see 70% to 80% of the cash accumulation of the company occur offshore. So I think our philosophy remains fundamentally unchanged, which is that we are open to share repurchases, as we see the appropriate opportunities come along. And when those do, you'll see us take action under the authorization that we currently have available to us from the board.
Stephen Newberry: So Jim, I think Tokyo Electron has communicated that their plant, their new plant where they were going to produce etchers is going to be delayed coming online. I think the reality is that they were still in production with their etch tools in another plan in a different location. And I think that from that standpoint, then I think they have been able to make the deliveries that are consistent with their customers' needs. And so, I don't expect that we will see market share gains as a function of the plant issues that they have in Japan.
Stephen Newberry: Yes. My comments a couple of calls ago and last call were that I expected the first half would be relatively flat to the second half. And with the recent activity that we've had, we're going to be at least from the standpoint of Lam, which may be different from other companies as a function of who their customer base is, we'll probably be down in the first half approximately $100 million relative to the second half of 2010. And then, consistent with your perspective that if the total WFE environment is somewhere between $32 billion to $34 billion, the second half will have to come up when we look at what our customers are asking us for in terms of second-half delivery. They are requesting a higher number of shipments in that second half, somewhere in the 10% range, potentially more second half of '11 versus first half. We'll have to see how that plays out but if the industry isn't going to spend $33 billion or potentially $34 billion, at least from the profile for Lam, our shipments would need to come up in the second half.
Stephen Newberry: Now we could talk about those a little bit. As it relates to September, I'm not going to comment specifically, because the reality is, we are sitting here at the start of the June quarter, which is clearly changed pretty significantly from what we thought would occur when we are on this conference call three months ago. And I think that consistent with my prepared comments that with such a concentrated customer base, all it really takes is one major customer who decides that they want to pull something in or push something out, and you can swing the shipment activity for us, $50 million to $100 million. And by the end of the year, it may not change the equation, but it could certainly change how things play out in a given quarter. And so, I think that if you just think in terms of there was a fair amount of pushout activity from the second quarter and, as I commented earlier, most of that push out is residing in September. In terms of current request, we'll see how that plays out. It could decide to spread out a little bit more, but I think the important message is that as it stands right now, the year is holding consistent with what we thought, just a different distribution by quarter. So relative to wafer starts, we think that there's been probably more conversions, at least in DRAM, where the big growth is a little bit slower. And so, we think that probably somewhere around 450,000 wafer starts per month will be conversion-oriented with only 65,000 to 70,000 wafers starts per month, being new wafer start capacity. And that's important because the conversions only cost a company somewhere between $65 million and $70 million for 10,000 wafer starts. But if you want to put new 10,000 wafer starts, it will cost you $300 million. In NAND, it's a little bit different story. NAND, with the higher bit growth, can't satisfy that with just conversions. And even though the conversions are still high, we think that they probably increased from around 400,000 conversions to about 500,000 wafer starts per month conversion. But that they are still going to have to add slightly more than 200,000 wafer starts per month of new capacity output. And so, when you look at those ratios, that's why you kind of end up with DRAM spending about $5 billion, and NAND spending is probably going to be about $8 billion. And it's largely -- the delta is largely driven by the fact there's a lot more new wafer starts being added in NAND in order to meet the bit growth.
Stephen Newberry: Yes. I think, C.J., that one of the things for us being a revenue-on-acceptance company is that the ability to keep shipments and revenue pretty closely in line really has to do with, as you ramp up, what's the linearity of that. And as the shipments ramped down, as we've seen, what's the linearity of that. And what we saw in the March quarter is that we had a nonlinear distribution with a lot more system shipping in March that's getting revenue in the March quarter. But more importantly, when we look at our June, our June is nonlinear again with a lot more of the shipments in the last four to six weeks of the quarter than there are in the first six or seven weeks of the quarter. And eventually, those things kind of even out but the reality for us is that in December of 2010, we were revenue-ing $870 million. We're forecasting that we will revenue $745 million. So in the course of a couple of quarters, we're going to drop $125 million. And I guess, on one hand, people could look at the fact that our operating income is coming down from 27.7% to a forecast of 20.5%. But if I look historically, in the past, when we've seen these kinds of revenue drops, we've actually dropped our financial performance significantly greater. If we go back to the last time this happened, when we looked at some of the higher revenues in 2007, a couple of quarters later dropping $125 million in revenue, our profitability dropped 14 percentage points as opposed to the 7% that we dropped here. And obviously, we could mitigate that if we were to choose to react in a short-term way by pulling back on some of our customer facing and R&D investments, but I think that that's not a smart move for us to do. We tried to articulate why we're doing what we're doing. And at the same time, while the P&L might be looking a little bit rough, our cash generation is really strong, the 30% in March that Ernie talked about and we expect to be at least that in the June quarter. And so, I think one last aspect which relates to the second half of your question is, if we felt that the decline in shipments and revenue that we're seeing coming off the peak in December was a trend heading south, we might be taking different actions. Clearly, we're operating to the assumption based on our discussions with our customers that the second half is going to play out with stronger shipments, and therefore, the opportunity for higher revenues. And so, we're going to stay the course in the short term, and we're going to continue to build on the relationships and the trust that we built with our customers. And I think target to be able to deliver them solutions that ultimately manifest tough in, continued share growth going forward.
Stephen Newberry: Ernie may have some comments that he wants to add, but I mean we've talked about the fact that our target, as a function of our product option architecture redesign of our moving to a remote factory outsourced supply or model that is similar to etch, that we wanted our margins in the low to mid 40s for our spin cleaning product and we certainly want our overall margins from our other products to be at least in that mid-forties range. I think we're on track relative to those outsourcing and option architecture activities. I think that how the margins will play out will really be a function of how much of our business is coming from what you might call spin clean, noncritical or commodity versus spin clean critical and linear critical where we're bringing a differentiated capability to bear, and therefore, our customers in recognizing that critical capability are willing to pay more for that. So there's going to definitely be mix issues and there will be total volume issues. But I believe that as we look at the second half that we have an opportunity, if customers come through with what they said they would do, we'll see our margin contribution from our Clean division be a more positive factor than what's going on right now at this time.
Stephen Newberry: I mean from a detail standpoint, we report what we do kind of where the geographic headquarters of a company is. And so clearly, if you think about who's headquartered in North America that spends, you have some activities relative to Micron, you have some activities relative to global foundries. We also -- do we report Samsung's America stuff as North America? Okay. So I think that, probably, the biggest aspect of it would really be what's the activity going on for the logic activity in Austin, and then you've got some activity that's related to other North American operations.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that when you look at the time frame that these new 3D architectures are going to come to market, we're talking about three to five years depending upon whether you're talking logic or you're talking NAND. So I mean we're not talking about things that are going to be really resulting in significant revenue gains in the short term. I think the comment that we're making is that the difficulty in getting performance and yield at next-generation-plus semiconductor devices is quite challenging for our customers. And so, when you look at capital intensity that has jumped up significantly from the 40-nanometer node to the 28-nanometer node, which will increase again at the 20-nanometer node, I think it's a reasonable expectation that with the complexities involved with thin sets [ph] and vertical transistors and NAND and then ultimately other new transistors and new materials being entered introduced in DRAM, that there's going to be some significant spending relative to the need for very critical etch capability. We've already seen that the trend where dielectric etch was moving to 60%, and maybe even for some periods it was 65% of total etch market. We think by the second half of 2010, that Silicon segment, the Conductor segment is, probably now operating pretty dog on close to 50% of the total etch market. And I think that's that trend will probably stay pretty stable in that arena. But there is a potential that it could continue to grow, depending upon what kinds of materials ultimately are used in terms of barriers and metal hard masks and what are the etch rates and how many chambers on a dedicated basis will have to be used. But I think that -- we talk about what's going on at the 14-nanometer node, really, as a function of driving recognition of the customer facing and the R&D activity that's going on that's much greater than what would normally have occurred.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that when we look at the March activity, certainly, it was strong for NAND. It will be stronger in June. But when you look at what's being requested, there still will be a strong September, potentially, September being stronger than March, and December is looking pretty strong already. And we're a long way off from December. And so, NAND might be more balanced in terms of kind of a 50-50 type shipment profile. But really, at this point in the year, that could change, but that's kind of how it's playing out right now.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think that, clearly, our strongest market share is in the silicon-based applications. And so, as silicon increases its growth rate, then that just contributes to an even greater overall contribution to our etch market share. And we believe we're in the very high 60% relative to silicon, and we are right in the high 30s or 40% for dielectric. I think both markets are very important. But clearly, we benefited from strategic orientation relative to capturing very high market share with a lot of the new applications in the middle of the line. Certainly, in NAND, has double patterning has emerged, and we're using our conductor tools for that, that has been beneficial to us. And so, I think that over the next couple of years, you will continue to see our etch market share increment up, certainly from an application's win basis. Exactly what it is year-over-year, we'll sometimes fluctuate as a function of which customers are spending to what percentage of the served available market. But at the end of the day, we can't control that. What we can control is continuing to win new applications and grow the overall potential for our market share going forward.
Stephen Newberry: Well, that's a good question, and the answer is potentially very complicated, because when you look at foundry and logic, you have to recognize that in the December quarter, there was a very significant output of shipments into the industry. And that's clearly being absorbed right now and being converted to output largely 65 and 40-nanometer related. I think that when you look at what the foundries are going to do later in the year, there will clearly be, I think, an increased investment at 40, as some customers of the foundries are indicating that they would like to move perhaps a little faster from 90 and 65 to the 40-nanometer node. And so, the foundries have to kind of rationalize how many wafer starts am I running at which technology node. And so sometimes, they have to kind of rethink and replan. The other thing that I think will be a major reason for high level of spending in the second half of the year, at least in terms of dollars, is that a lot of the wafer starts that will be purchased in the second half will be targeted for 32-nanometer and 28-nanometer. And the cost per 10,000 wafer starts at that technology node is somewhere around $1 billion for 10,000 wafer starts versus, if you're adding 40-nanometer, you're probably spending 850, maybe 750. It kind of depends whether it's 45 or 40. But capital intensity, as a 32, 28 is significantly higher. And so, when you look at the spending that will occur in the second half, a significant portion of that is for 30 to 28 node, and it's expensive.
Stephen Newberry: Well, that clearly varies by customer, and I'm not going to address that specifically, because of customer confidentiality reasons. And so, you'd really have to ask them, but I mean we've got a variety of customers. They're running volume production on typically, I mean, three nodes. And so, it varies across the board depending upon which customers you're talking about. And I think, really, if you go back and look at how much was shipped into Foundry Logic in December, it was extremely high. For us, it was about 60% of our shipments. There was still a significant amount of shipment activity in the foundry logic arena for March. And it's not unusual that after a couple of quarters of really significant shipments, you kind of have a quarter of -- we've got to absorb all this stuff. We have to get it all started up. We've got to get it in production. We've got to get it yielding, and that's certainly a part of kind of what I see going on in foundry. And it's why I think that when we talk to our customers about what they're doing and what they expect to be doing in the second half that I'm confident that we'll see a strong Foundry Logic spending environment in the second half.
Stephen Newberry: I think that as the logic sector continues to move more and more wafer starts to 40 and then to 30 to 28, I think what we're seeing is, we believe that the single-wafer clean market is probably going to grow 20% to 25% next year. We expect that our Clean division will grow greater than that, as a reflection of the market share wins from last year and early this year that will manifest itself in shipments, and I think that it's going to grow. It may be the fastest segment that we'll see in terms of growth over '10 and '11, because logic is very much a single-wafer, clean-oriented environment and becoming even more so. But there are also opportunities as conversions starts to pick up in NAND and DRAM, and that contributes to the growth rate of the clean market.
Stephen Newberry: The impact for EUV on silicon etch. Well, I think when people talk about EUV, it's similar to talking about new fits and structures and other 3D. It's a significant ways out. And we've done the modeling relative to when EUV, and if EUV is introduced, how many layers is it going to be applied to and how many double-patterning type of solution orientations will then reduce down into one. And the reality is by the time EUV gets introduced, there are going to be such a significant number of additional etch steps that would have been added as a function of the metal hard masks, other structures that are going to require additional etches to be able to execute that we believe that the impact of EUV is, at worst case, neutral and as a function of architectures. And when it will be did introduced, I would expect that we'll be shipping more etch dollars per 10,000 wafer start at that time than we do today by a fair amount.
Stephen Newberry: Well, we will and we have committed to our customers that as they define what it is they would like to do with 450-millimeter, that we will do what we need to do, and we'll be in position to support them. And so, we engage in discussions with a number of customers about it, and I think our technology roadmap is well-aligned to what customers are asking us to do.
Stephen Newberry: Well, I think my advice would be is to take with a high degree of suspicion, the inputs that to get from some of the third parties that etch is 15%. I think our analysis and others who actually are in this business would say that it's closer to 13%, maybe -- may have been 13.5%, but for the most part, 13%. I think that percentages can also be deceiving, because as a number of logic companies have commented that once you go to 28 and 22, that litho becomes extremely expensive. And so, etch as a percent may actually drop. But etch on an absolute basis for every 10,000 wafer starts will actually increase. And so, maybe an example would be for 10,000 wafer starts, at 65-nanometer, you probably had to spend $65 million in etch. And that was 12.5% to 13% of that $600-or-so-million that you spend or $550 million you spend at 65-nanometer. If you have to spend around $1 billion at 28-nanometer, etch might fall to 12% to 12.5%, but that means you're going to spend $120 million to $125 million for those 10,000 wafer starts. And so, from the standpoint of increased business for us, it's going to be clearly there. And so, I think you're looking at percentages can be deceiving.
Stephen Newberry: I think that if the corporate refresh cycle decides to get more aggressive and accelerate, if investments in enterprise come up and, certainly, if we see that the Consumer PC segment, whether it's in the kind of established countries or we see some acceleration is emerging. And clearly, there's a potential that more capacity will have to be added in DRAM. But we'll just have to see how that is, and we think we've kind of positioned this based on our conversation with customers that people are being relatively prudent, relatively conservative, and we'll see where it goes as the year plays out.
