Douglas R. Bettinger: Tim, we've given you a firm number on calendar Q3, and then calendar Q4, it's more directional, that's why it's mid to high single digits, because I don't want to specifically pinned down to exactly what is December, and that's why we've put a range around it. But when we describe it, it represents our expectation for everything that's going on not just in 3D NAND, but foundry/logic as well.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah, Tim, just to remind you, whatever happens in China, we are going to be involved substantially. Our share position, our presence there is very strong. So whatever is going on, be it a global multinational or an indigenous Chinese customer, we're extremely well-positioned.
Douglas R. Bettinger: So I described an expectation that next quarter deferred revenues will grow again. They grew this quarter. You normally see that when shipments are above revenue, which obviously we've had the last couple of quarters now. I also described an expectation in the scripted remarks that I expect by the end of the year to deplete some of the deferred revenue, and obviously that will happen then in the June quarter if it's growing in September. So that's the way to think about it. Gross margin, C.J., I'm really only going to guide at one quarter at a time. There isn't anything magic about the deferred revenue and gross margin. It's more of what the product mix is, the customer concentration, all of that.
Douglas R. Bettinger: And then, C.J., you're right. The term loans have an expiration that would be in the 20th of October and were we still to be going back and forth and we extend the deal timing, then I'd have to go extend those as well. Wouldn't be all that hard to do it.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah, there is a little bit of 1X conversion occurring. But that really is going to be more about what's happening next year.
Douglas R. Bettinger: It's a little stronger in the first half than the second half, Farhan. It continues, though, to be quite strong as we look into the second half.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Well, it has materially changed. All of the $2.4 billion that we raised, obviously, is domestically available. Taking that out, the remaining balance sheet cash, it's still about 20% or 25%. As it pertains to funding the transaction, we have all the domestic cash that we need to complete the KLA-Tencor transaction.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah. There is primarily one big customer investing in Southeast Asia. That I'm sure you know who it is, Stephen. And, yeah, you're going to see variability quarter-to-quarter as these very large fab projects get undertaken. They will come in and then they will need to ramp and then another one will come in and they will need to ramp. And so you're going to get variability due to that. That's just the nature of this business.
Douglas R. Bettinger: And Stephen just one last comment on this. I mean, I always refer back to the public financial model that we put out there is the best way to kind of think about things over time. When we put that together, we did our best to, kind of, model some level of variability. It doesn't mean it's going to be exactly those numbers, but that's the right kind of medium to longer term way to think about it.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Again, I'm only guiding gross margin one quarter at a time. Usually – everything else equal, if you have a higher level of revenue, margins will tend to be better. But you got all the mix that I've always described. So you can't necessarily just run to that conclusion.
Douglas R. Bettinger: I mean as I talked about, we have added resources in the manufacturing organization. You've seen our inventory balances tick up a little bit in anticipation of very strong shipments. And I think specifically the reason Martin in his scripted remarks thanked our suppliers, is they've supported our ramps very, very well. We've been talking to them well in advance of them needing to grow their volumes so that they are going to be ready for this. And I think we've executed extraordinarily well and will continue to. You manage the churn as it happens. And we've got a great global operations group that is really good at what we do.
Douglas R. Bettinger: I don't know if I'll give you as much as you want. I'll give you as much as you want. 28-nanometer looks to be a very long node. And we're seeing even some 40-nanometer investments occurring. I think it has somewhat to do with low and mid end phones for sure. It's got equal amount to do with kind of where IoT stuff is going and that is how we monetize some of the installed base business as well. We're looking at that very differently in terms of that opportunity. And you're right. Some of the stuff is even 200 millimeter equipment. So we're very focused on it. I don't know if that was what you're looking for. But 28-nanometer is going to be around for a while.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah, a decent amount of it, Wes, is R&D, and again the right way to think about how we're going to spend money is pinned on that financial model. Obviously as we grow, we need to invest more to continue to grow and that's part of how we think about it. In the back half of the year given a little bit stronger P&L, there's also a general increase in that variable compensation piece that varies with the P&L.
Martin Brian Anstice: Just to add to that, Tim, I would say the message that we would very deliberately emphasize is the outperformance opportunity long-term for the company in the inflection space and whether it's multi-patterning with logic or 3D NAND scaling. The ebbs and flows in any one quarter, or ebbs and flows from one customer to another, I mean, they – I guess, they're interesting at some level. But I think one of the headlines from the industry in the last two months, three months is a very strong strategic commitment to some inflections that fall directly into the wheelhouse of this company because of the intensity of etch and deposition-related process. So, yeah, there's always an ebb and flow, but the headline – I hope you help us with, which is long-term commitment for customers to inflections that are extremely relevant for the future of this company.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I mean, I think – I don't really think there's a kind of deliberate kind of tone differentiation for Lam relative to a China agenda. We all see exactly the same thing, more or less at exactly the same time, and what we said, I think, fairly consistently is that, the conviction to an IC 2020 and 2025 agenda appears very solid and robust. There are very strategic actions sometimes involving global companies, sometimes the domestic community. We are tracking at least 20 different fab level kind of ambition statements. And there is a full spectrum of kind of probability associated with each one of those. There clearly is, over a multiple year timeframe, more than 1 million wafer starts per month out there as a kind of reference point for installed based capacity in China. Relative to it being incremental, for me that's all about performance and cost of devices. And if the performance and cost of devices out of China can be a catalyst and a trigger for incremental demand, it's kind of positive for a global kind of industry including Lam. So time will tell. But clearly the commitment appears to be there. And as Doug said in his prepared comments, China is not an insignificant part of the revenue for the industry and the company.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I mean, I think we've done analytics, but we're not going to kind of get ahead of our customers relative to quantitative disclosure. We feel really good about kind of the ASP dynamic in the last several months and the inventory situation generally, I think those are kind of positive trends, the discipline appears to be in the system. We end the year, we believe, with a smaller installed base than we began the year. There's plenty of opportunity left to improve the performance and lower the cost of DRAM chips from conversions. I've said in my prepared comments, no more than 50% converted to the 20-nanometer technology node by end of year. So we are biased to a positive spending year in DRAM next year. But we're going to hold off on dollars until little later in the year.
Martin Brian Anstice: I guess, the humorous response would be, we don't just make it up. So it's an educated judgment from the analytics of the company and a lot of dialog with our customers. I mean, we try to give you the best perspective we have, and I just did.
Martin Brian Anstice: I'll let Doug deal with the financing part of that question. What needs to get done is, we need to get consent from agencies that we haven't got consent from. We're working hard to that. We've obviously communicated to you today a delay relative to our original September reference. We might be lucky and still be pleasantly surprised, but we don't expect to receive consent globally inside of the September quarter. We're targeting before mid October. And obviously the disclosure of the company will stay consistent with our learnings. We feel the deal is clearly a compelling value proposition to our customers and our company. We feel better about it today as the value proposition than ever. I think even as recently at SEMICON West, we had a couple of customer meetings with clear statements of interest in the joint development activity and the innovation that would be possible when Lam and KT come together. We're targeting closure as fast as practically possible and obviously looking forward to being part of one company.
Martin Brian Anstice: I would say, relatively speaking to the commentary of the company three months ago, it's memory and foundry both and it's exactly where you'd expect it to be of 3D NAND and demand related with broad industry commitment to that technology and it's 10-nanometer and 7-nanometer focused with as best I can tell very good tape-outs and customer engagement commentary from the customers that are making those investments. So it's definitely not just a single segment or limited customer commentary.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I mean I think the essence of fundamental value in these conversions is kind of well understood and I don't think debated. I think appropriately, our customers are disciplined around supply and demand in their respective industry. They're conscious not just of adding capacity, but making money on the chips they build. And so we are very confident that as the cycle of demand emerges, and there's a decent amount of commentary on content expansion in some of our devices, as well as some positive signs in terms of unit demand on the low and mid end. This will kind of naturally play itself out. So, I don't really think it's a big second-half commentary for us, which is why we've articulated an expectation of calendar 2017 biased to the positive and that certainly when we would expect the supply and demand kind of conversation to be more or less behind us.
Martin Brian Anstice: I guess I don't really get chance to comment about your confidence. I will tell you that we believe this transaction is fundamentally different than the conversation and the transaction that you just referred to. There is no overlap whatsoever. We strongly believe in the merits of this transaction. We believe it's pro-competitive. We believe that Lam and KT together can innovate and deliver value to our customers beyond what we can do as independent companies. We are, as you know, from prior disclosure, codifying kind of the behavior that will be relevant to the company with the consent decree conversation, and I think we're on records in prior earnings calls on that point. One part of that obviously is describing our commitment to the entire semiconductor ecosystem relative to availability, supply and support kind of KT products. And that's just kind of part of this process. And we're stepping through and working diligently and collaboratively with agencies. We respect their work products. And as you likely anticipate, the crystal ball of Lam Research doesn't extend beyond the precision that we're kind of currently articulating. So we're doing the best we can to give you our best knowledge and we'll continue to make that commitment.
Martin Brian Anstice: Maybe I don't want to get trapped in a comparison here. I will tell you what I've tried to communicate from the beginning here. Obviously, we're doing this for the benefit of our customers. We believe we can innovate more and contribute more value to our customers and support their technology and economic roadmaps with this transaction. We believe if we do that, there will be more opportunity for our company and hence all stakeholders benefit. So we believe passionately in that value proposition, and we spent a decent amount of time working the conversation indirectly and sometimes directly with our customers to make sure the strategic choices were lined up with their expectations. There's always an ebb and a flow and I'm sure every – one customer has a slightly different characterization of this. But I feel, as least as best as I can tell from my personal interactions with customers, there's much more support than not and much more interest in exploring innovation potentials.
Martin Brian Anstice: Well, I think if the – yeah – I'm going to stay away from quantitative again if I may, but qualitatively, we think this is probably one of the most healthy spaces in the semiconductor industry because there are some very compelling value propositions and growth opportunities for semiconductors with solid state drive technology particularly. So again – in any one quarter, there's an ebb and a flow precisely how it plays out, but broad industry commitment to this technology and very compelling growth opportunities as we characterized in our prepared comments today .
Martin Brian Anstice: A gentleman by the name of Peter Wennink is much more qualified to answer your question than I am. So, as we've said a number of times, we are invested in extending immersion and enabling EUV to the best of our abilities, so as an etch and deposition and clean company. And we believe that the inflection opportunities, multi-patterning opportunities in DRAM and logic for us extend into an EUV implementation. So when that happens, which we hope it does in the best interests of the semiconductor industry and our customers, we are there to support, and we believe the multi-patterning growth opportunity continues in that context. So no major tone comment from me at the customer interface because obviously we dialog much more about our business than ASML's.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I mean to the manage reference, I don't think we get chance to manage it. We are biased to give our customers what they need...
Martin Brian Anstice: ...when they need it to the best of our abilities. And as Doug says many times, that that creates an up and a down, week-to-week, months-to-months, and quarter-to-quarter in every element of our financial statement, and it's tough for you we realize. Hopefully, you realize it's tough for us as well.
Martin Brian Anstice: I don't think I have a segment message for you, more or less because I think the productivity solution set that will play out in high-volume manufacturing for the types of vertical scaling that you just described, have perhaps still a lot of work from the entire supply chain and also from the customer. So I would say watch this space, and if we see anything of value to communicate, we will. Again to reemphasize what I said in my prepared comments, the 2D to 3D transition for us was very strong with a 7 percentage point to 10 percentage point share gain for the company. Another, kind of, couple of data points that I would give you on 3D NAND for the company from a market share perspective. In general, the development tool of record decisions that translate into production tool of record decisions actually got stronger for us. And the other reference, I would give you is that obviously our presence in critical applications, which is really a commentary on quality of earnings is very, very strong. So we're right at the center of enabling, and that puts pressure on us but we feel really pleased about the position of the company.
Martin Brian Anstice: That's something that, if I may, I'd like to defer to our analyst meeting planned for November because, to your point, atomic level processing – generally for us, atomic level etch and atomic level deposition is a very central part to the opportunity for growth in the company, and competitive differentiation and also quality of earnings. So I would prefer delay, if I may, until our November meeting on that point.
Martin Brian Anstice: No, I don't think it changes our objectives or our strategy. I think in many respects it probably validates the legitimacy of the vision to bring process and process control capability together at some level to innovate for the success of our customers. So it's another data point. There are others with other peer companies and other competitors. Sometimes it's an acquisitive action like the one you just refer to. Sometimes it's organic. There are plenty of examples now in our the industry where people are employing similar strategies. If your question maybe more relates to the competitive dynamic between e-beam and optical, our sense is that industry consensus is very complementary technologies. We're not obviously in a position to speak to KLA's business. But from the seat that we have with limited knowledge of the details, the latest generation optical inspection capabilities that KLA has brought to the market appear very robust and getting pretty solid traction. So, no real change in how we think about it, perhaps further validation of the vision. And to kind of restate what I said before, we're targeting to close this thing and we're working diligently with agencies to get that done. We never have any guarantees, but we're working hard to do that a little later than the September timeframe, targeting right now, mid-October.
Martin Brian Anstice: I think it's kind of premature for me to start talking about collaboration when we haven't actually closed our deal yet. But, obviously, to your point, the relationship between the companies is good and strong. We work diligently both to support the long-term success of our customers and I see that trend continuing. So, we all have some version of the same vision I think to deliver more predictable process to our customers, to open up process windows, to deliver their roadmaps with higher quality, lower cost IC devices, and whether we call that holistic litho or holistic etch or holistic dep or holistic process, we've all got our own nomenclature, but I think the strategy and the model of collaboration for our company is set to continue, I hope, for many years.
Martin Brian Anstice: Just extending that answer a little bit further. I don't think we've ever invested more in the future of this company than we are today. I mean, I feel really good about the distribution of operating expenses to R&D and SG&A, I think we kind of set a tone. And whether we're the best in the industry or one of the best, I'm sure you guys can figure out but the 63% reference is something we worked hard for. If you look at the last several years since 2013, we have increased our investments in R&D by more than 30%. And in that same timeframe, the increase in investments in SG&A is about 10%. So, investing in the future of the company to prepare us for the inflections that we're describing, today's inflection is getting bigger and the next generation inflections central to long term success for the company.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. We're not really in a position to talk about the conversations we're having with regulators. I mean, the essence of this deal, as I said a couple of times, is no product overlap. We believe a compelling and pro-competitive value proposition for the benefit of our customers. We have made broad commitments to the ecosystem relative to supply and availability in support of process control equipments. And the protocols around intellectual property protection are well established in this industry and the company. So, I mean those are the qualitative statements I can make around your question. But the specifics of our dialog with agencies unfortunately we're not at liberty to dialog about.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I wouldn't describe it as a pause. I mean there is just a – every customer has their own cycle of investment. And they can't continue to jam tons of capacity into their fabs like forever so they add and then they pause a little bit, but there's no generic kind of industry cycle type pause commentary that we can make. And frankly I don't think we'll ever be able to make. I think the industry is very different today as a result of consolidation.
