Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think in the context of memory, we, for sure, don't have all of the answers to the question, Tim, but there seems to be a remaining consensus around 25% to 30% bit growth for DRAM and the kind of mid-40s to high-40s level for NAND flash. And that's kind of the governing condition for capital. And so lacking any data points around a demand curve, we felt like it was appropriate for us to kind of keep the WFE number for memory essentially where it was previously. And things change and that gets stronger, then clearly, we'll revise that later. But we didn't have a basis to necessarily conclude life was going to be stronger than we previously anticipated.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I -- we definitely expect and I think the industry expects to receive orders and ship product into, at least, 1 3D NAND fab this year. But I think you described the situation quite accurately. There is a reasonable divergence of timing, as well as ultimately, process flow decisions for our customers. And that doesn't help any of us in terms of kind of answering some of these questions concisely. But uncertainty is there. It does appear there's a reasonable timeline difference between first adopter and last adopter.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think in terms of -- yes, in terms of the specifics, obviously, we're not going to give guidance beyond the most recent quarter. But certainly, relative to the September period, you've got a nice reference point around the trajectory because the shipments guidance we've articulated is meaningfully stronger than the revenue guidance. And I do think the balance of spending in the year that you will remember from our last call was kind of -- was different than where it is today. We've seen the strengthening in DRAM in the first half and the strengthening in NAND in the first half relative to our original expectations. So our first half, second half view today is high 40s, low 50s. And I would expect the areas of spending in the remaining 28, the broadening of the foundries in the memory space and in 20, I mean, we've got pretty decent position so I think that is -- that bodes well for us and is a positive for the company in the second half. But time will tell.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think the answer to the last of that question is not really. I mean there's decent amount of SaaS space, whether it's in the right location at the right time, is obviously, an important question. But I don't expect there to be a clean room limitation, per se. And we're assuming in the range of 100,000 wafer starts of capacity being added this year and some part of that is kind of a very original investment, new capacity and some part of it is a transition from the DRAM space to NAND flash. If you look at the spending, so we're assuming a little more than $6 billion of spending for WFE. The additions we would estimate around the $3 billion level and the conversions we would estimate around the $3 billion level. So that's kind of a math of the data points we shared previously. I think the demand statement for NAND flash is a very positive one and certainly I would expect it to be more positive next year over this year when you look at the tablets, when you look at content, when you look at the smartphone, when you look at SSDs and the intercept points and generally assumes penetration for those products. We're going to end the year ready tight again. I mean, if these plans play out, there's not going to be whole bunch of anything sitting there waiting to be utilized and I think inventory levels generally have kind of gotten to a normalized level. So it would seem rational to conclude that spending in the NAND flash space is more likely than not and time will tell again.
Martin B. Anstice: Sorry, 3D NAND. So I would say the 20,000 wafer starts, plus or minus, 5 is a reasonable assumption today and when we make those statements, we're talking about capacity we're shipping, right? So what form it eventually takes in terms of being available to service demand, there's a bunch of questions still remaining on that. And that's about qualification, processes, and it's about the very specific decisions of the customer that we don't clearly influence.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, it's pretty important to say the least. It's one of 4 significant inflections for the company. So just to kind of refresh on that, our big focus in terms of positioning for growth in the company was around patterning around the planar the FinFET transition, the planar 3D NAND transition and through silicon via. And we believe in the transition from 28 nanometers to 20, that there's an incremental $20 million to $30 million of opportunity for the company in etch per 10,000 wafer starts. And if you skip forward 1 generation and obviously, our ability to be concrete about it is kind of limited. But we would expect that to be another kind of 30% to 40% higher than the numbers I've just kind of given you. So I think there's emerging clarity around when EUV can theoretically and practically intercept. And with a bunch of customers being out there with comments I won't supplement that today. But patterning is a very real opportunity to increase the SAM of our company and certainly, we would expect our share in those opportunities to be at least as good as the rest of our business.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, they were planned. So when we made the statements, 3 or 5 we knew what our baseline was for 450 spending and it's generally the same today as it was 6 months ago, certainly one change in either direction. I mean, the important thing about 450 is the time the investment to the expectations of customers. We don't want to be early, we don't want to be late, we want to be on time and that's a very difficult decision for the company and for anybody in the industry because practically speaking, 2018 is probably the earliest, maybe there's 2017 statement out there for somebody, but 2017, '18 is about the earliest that HVM is going to be real and so every dollar we spend in the years prior to that increases the pressure for everybody in terms of return on investment. So same assumptions today in timing from customers and therefore, same plan in OpEx for the company.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, yes, maybe I should remind everybody every time I make a statement about WFE, I did say plus or minus $2 billion when I made the statement of $30 billion and I think I repeated that in every prior call. It's tough to be super precise about these numbers. But I think $30 billion is a reasonable midpoints in all of this. As you know, TSMC has strengthened their outlook. We don't have segmentation per se in our guidance. But in the June shipments number that we've given you, we would expect that the NAND and DRAM component combined represents about 50% of system shipments and foundry represents about 40% of system shipments. So TSMC was super strong in the first half of the year at the 28 nodes as everybody knows as they talked about. And 20 becomes more important for them in the second half and there is a broadening of other foundries in at 28 and some at 20 as well. So I feel like the 30 number -- I tried to anticipate where things were going to go. It wasn't exactly mirroring the public announcements at the time we said it, but it was our best estimates and that continues to be true today.
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think by virtue of market size the 3D NAND is the biggest number. And frankly in any scale, it's the one that moves faster. So you should definitely process -- there are 3 or 4 catalysts for growth with our deposition products, one of them is just basic increases of competitiveness in the products, some of which come from the standalone company and some of which come as we integrate learning across the product portfolio of the company post-merger, so that's kind of one part of the story. The second part of the story is leveraging -- establish customer relationships that existed for Lam that were not quite as strong for Novellus. And by the way, there were a couple of examples of that in the other direction, so it's true for the entire business. But the biggest SAM expansion is clearly in the 3D NAND space. It's a very significant change for the industry. And our positioning in terms of DTOR [ph] selection decisions is really quite positive. TSV is obviously, growing very quickly and is an important opportunity for us in the deposition products of the company are the ones that are most successfully penetrated in that area. Actually, one of the synergy kicks that we get us is we're kind of taking that position and trying to kind of broaden it across the portfolio of the company generally. So 3D NAND, I guess, is the simple answer to your question.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't think we've ever gone through that level of detail. And on the fly, I'm inclined to decline to answer your question. So if you have another question, I'm happy to take that.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we have -- we got an assumption for capacity additions in the range of $350 million per 10,000 wafer starts. That's our kind of baseline for additions and we assume that conversions are in the $60 million range. Now you should kind of put a plus or minus 5 or 10 percentage points on those numbers, but that's the baseline for the company. And I believe I previously communicated that about 80% of the spending is in a planar device structure. I think holistically, I believe that, at least, 1 semiconductor company spoke to this in the last week, there are still some unanswered questions around equipment reuse in the planar to 3D transition. What is very clear to everybody is that the lithography road map gets relaxed meaningfully and the deposition road map, particularly significantly expands. So I would caution you to kind of be very clear around the headline for WFE and also the headline for the segments because the story just as is true in logic, is quite different by segments and it's very different in the NAND space and 3D NAND.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, it's included in the guidance to the extent it's there, but practically speaking, the release of the product in the year isn't going to impact in any material way the financial statements for the company. It takes a long time to position a product, get it qualified and get it into a high-volume manufacturing environment. It is clearly the only reason why we are able to describe a 5 to 10 percentage point market share objective for the clean business and we have a very important year this year, to demonstrate that capability to our customers in their fabs, and we're on plan to do that.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I'm experienced enough to know that answering that question directly gets me into trouble. But so you got to make it what you can. I mean, we are doing the best we can to articulate the world as we see it. Which doesn't mean it's perfect, but it's the best information that we have at hand. I've been very clear and I think consistent again today that the NAND space is clearly the most difficult to predict for the reason that you've just described. And we're doing the same thing, which is to give you the best view that we can and unfortunately, the reason you get the big box is you get to triangulate around our comments.
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think having a conversation around NAND is just fine. I mean, I -- there's a decent component for the industry of conversions, right? I mean there's about 0.5 million wafer starts to conversion likely in NAND flash this year and that's a lot of spending, that's approximately $3 billion of spending. What is very clear to everybody is, as I just stated, the 3D components of NAND spending is going to be probably quite limited at the beginning for lithography generally because the entire scheme is more relaxed. And so the [indiscernible] opportunity I would imagine is quite significant. We're not the experts speaking to that, we are the experts speaking to etch, depth and clean. And certainly, I think there can be some situations where you will not see lithography spending in NAND when you do see other segments. And to be fair, I'll spin it to the other direction in logic, for example, you should expect to see some spending in the lithography space when you might not always see to the same extent spending in other segments. So the segment stories are really important this year. The 3D NAND and NAND generally is beneficial to the etch and depth space nicely and we got some really nice messages, like patterning, like TSV in the logic space as well. But in terms relative to lithography, it's tough to keep up with that success.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I necessarily understand everything in your question. I mean in terms of depth of engagement per se, I mean, we're as active in any device flow and structure as the customer. Its the opportunity for us in etch and depth kind of ballooning in a planar to FinFET transition logical? Answer to that question is no. I mean, there are some applications where there's maybe some increased process flow or process time. But generally speaking, the etch and the deposition spaces are reasonably agnostic to a planar to FinFET transition, obviously, some of the challenges get a lot harder like conformality and CD control and profile and high aspect ratio challenges. I mean, that's a very different game and that ultimately will influence the amount of equipment that gets purchased because process time is everything and it will ultimately influence how much we get to charge for a capability we deliver to the customer. And there's a decent set of unanswered questions in that area today. So 5% or 10% would be a baseline I will give you on our SAM expansion in the planar to FinFET.
Martin B. Anstice: I guess one of the things we would also emphasize is that the financial performance that we just guided is not so very far away from the financial model we shared from you in November of last year and certainly the commentary from the company around kind of mid-40s and ultimately when we're through kind of the synergy conversations and anything else we can figure out, maybe we even got a shot at slightly better than that. We're still a very, very, very focused on that part of running our company and we'll do our very best.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think you know what the stated public timelines are from the foundries to the extent they're out there and at least one is. So you've got kind of that data points available and I do expect ramping and I think this is in the public domain from our customers as well. Their ramping expectations are faster, bigger as every node transitions. So there's a decent amount of time between a high-volume manufacturing communication and a selection. And maybe 12 months is not a bad proxy. So go take a look at the committed dates for HVM for customers and back at 12 months and that's a reasonable stake in the ground.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, we're not going to be sitting here communicating market share changes as a result of the FinFET transition in foundries any time soon, that's a correct statement.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I mean, there's a limit to how specific I can get because there are only -- very limited kind of customer presence in this space. But I mean, it is a very complicated technology, pilot line is an important place to validate that. But I would say, although there is clearly a lot of choices to be made in the industry on process, you can reasonably assume when we're this close to capacity hitting a fab, any customer where that's true is pretty clear what path they're on.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, they've shown their hands to us in terms of the engagements we have, but I'm not at liberty to describe them.
Martin B. Anstice: I think the best way to answer that question is to kind of refer back to 3 to 5-year objectives we have, because that's the timeline that's relevant to the technology nodes you just talked about from a high volume manufacturing point of view. So you can approximate a $4 billion SAM for etch and you know that we're seeking a 3 to 5 percentage point share again in that market. You know that to 2% to 2.5% is a reasonable SAM for the deposition markets that we target and you know that we're -- our objective is 5 to 10 points -- sorry, 4 to 8 points of share gain. And the single-wafer clean market is about $1.5 billion of SAM and we're targeting 5 to 10 percentage points of share gain. But because that's generally a by-product of the new product, it will tend to be biased toward the back end of the timeline, not at the beginning. So if you take those the data points, you're going to answer very, very specifically what the revenue growth opportunity is with the company and systems and then the unanswered question is what happens in the installed base and we have significant objectives in the installed base business. The company [indiscernible] that will naturally come from broadening an install base beyond the 35,000 modules that exist today for the company. And the service offering and the productivity solutions offering of the company is something we're very focused on building and so there's a nice opportunity to supplement the system statement with customer service business as well.
Martin B. Anstice: It's executing to the plan. It's only the first quarter in a 4-quarter period. So we still have work ahead of us, but I feel pretty pleased that it's executing to the plan we have.
Martin B. Anstice: So I mean, in our last earnings call, we thought DRAM WFE was going to be 50/50 first half, second half. We would now say that 65/35 is the better split. So it's a stronger first half than the second half. And that's all -- and obviously, that's additions and conversions combined.
Martin B. Anstice: So I think I described it as an active production buy. So it is kind of ramping this year, consistent with that -- the selection. And in terms of the size of the opportunity, we have respected the wishes of our customer not to describe that.
Martin B. Anstice: In terms of platform architecture, I think generally speaking, the industry is going to answer that in a pretty consistent way. The opportunities that exist, the opportunity just for kind of productivity types of solutions in the 300 to 450 transition are quite different than existed in the 200 to 300. There are commonalities being designed in, in terms of fundamental technology and in the case of Lam because we have a broader product portfolio today, we're able to bring kind of, common platform, common software solutions to the products of the company, but I don't think you're going to see too many examples of bridge tools between 300 and 450 in ways that you did in the 200 and 300 transition, which means to the extent there is misalignments in the plans of our customers or even to the extent that our customers who do not transition to 450, there's a fair amount of complexity that rests on the shoulders of the equipment industry because we are likely going to have to run for multiple generations in multiple years parallel investment. Now, whether the investments of next year is any higher from this year is a question, frankly, none of us can answer right now because the specifics of plans of customers are still likely to be in flux. And we have no interest in spending money earlier than we have to. So we're going to be pretty attentive to that. And we watch this space. But frankly, we're probably going to be having this conversation for the next 5 years.
