Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm not sure I completely heard you. I think you asked what we think deferred revenue in December is going to do. And all I'm going to tell you is I expect it to go down. I'm not going to quantify it for you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No, I'm not going to quantify that for you either. It's still a headwind, otherwise, I wouldn't have put it in the scripted remarks. As we go into next year, and I think supply gets caught up with demand in terms of some of the supply challenges we're having. I expect some of the inflationary headwinds there to mitigate. I expect the same thing in freight and whatnot. So I'm not going to put a number on it, but I do expect that, that will get better as we go into next year.
Doug Bettinger: Harlan, the only thing I would point out incrementally. Yes, the only incremental thing I'd point out incremental to what Tim said is, I've been talking about how strong Reliant has been the last several quarters. And in fact, last quarter, it was the biggest sequential grower in CSBG. And as we look into 2023, we're not going to parse all the different components of WFE, but I know there's some people out there that think specialty segment of WFE will soften next year, and that would impact Reliant along with that offset by the things that Tim talked about.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean, C.J., you know that, deferred revenue is never a zero number because we always have these cash in advanced payments, volume purchase agreement credits, a whole bunch of different things, spares and service credits that are there. If you look for the supply chain challenges we had, a normalized level of deferred revenue would be somewhere between 500 and a $1 billion. It bounces around, it's lumpy sometimes, but that is kind of the normalized level that I think about. And it's elevated right now because of the backorder stuff and the incomplete tools that we're shipping. It will come down in December and then it will come down more as we go through 2023, is our outlook right now.
Doug Bettinger: No, we that -- that makes an assumption that the vast majority of that China WFE just comes out of -- and I don't -- if your question is, could somebody else spend what those customers were going to spend to put the same equipment or capacity in place. Our view right now, I mean, is that, that probably wouldn't take place in 2023.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. It would have been a little bit higher, Stacy Yes. Yes, it would have been a little bit higher.
Doug Bettinger: Well, I think it's a tough question because as I -- that's why I pointed out, there's really four components of CSBG and not all of them are completely utilization-driven. But just to your comment about the number of tools we've shipped. I mean, over the last two years, as we mentioned -- since 2019, up 30%, a significant expansion in chamber count. So, therefore, our opportunity has grown. There are some components of CSPG and the spare space and on consumables that actually start kind of on customer usage. And so that 1-year delay doesn't quite exist for every part of CSBG spending. But I don't think we've done the calculation of where you would have to come down -- utilization would have to come down in order for certain elements not to grow. I think we anticipate that, again, customers are going to be motivated to run the tools to a great extent for the tools that they already have installed. And again, you'll see probably heightened interest in upgrades versus new capacity additions, which is also beneficial for not only our CSBG business, but Lam's capture rate per dollar of investment spend. So, again, just CSBG being an important part of our business.
Doug Bettinger: Over to both, Krish, frankly. Obviously, I think you understand, like I'm sure everybody on the call does, foundry investment is pretty strong this year. So that's a part of it. But there's incremental positions that we won. Tim every earnings call talks about some of those. So -- and you talked about a couple of just now.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, that's a good question. I mean, obviously, we're giving a 2023 a little earlier that we probably have a great look at 2023, but in that number, $2 billion to $2.5 billion, we did anticipate some growth in 2023 over 2022. So we won't say how much, but it's incorporated some growth from the run rate we see today.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, let me unpack it a little bit. I don't really think we're going to have a meaningful inventory exposure. So no, there isn't anything from that. We believe we're going to be able to meaningfully rework any inventory we had that might have been targeted for those specific customers we can no longer ship to. And I don't think, as I sit here today, that's a material number. So the softness, sequential softness in December gross margin is because we lost some very profitable customers in the China region, and that's going to persist, obviously. So that was kind of the first question. Unpacking next year, I mean, the way I think about it, first, I think, as everybody on the call does, this isn't really a fixed cost business. It's highly variable. And so as volumes vary, a lot of cost of goods sold varies. You've seen that from us over the years. So that hasn't changed. The model here hasn't changed. As we go into next year, the benefit, I think we'll see in gross margin is. I believe we'll see the mitigation on some of these inflation pressures. I think supply gets back caught up with demand in terms of our supply base in areas like semiconductor. I believe freight gets better next year to what magnitude. I'm not positive, but I think that gets better. And then we ramp supply chain in Malaysia, so we're flying things shorter distances and whatnot. And so, we're going to see the benefit of that offset then by we've just lost some very profitable customers. And yes, volume will be down. There is a little bit of fixed cost in the factory and field that we're going to have to deal with. So, I'm not going to quantify it for you, but those are the puts and takes.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek, maybe just an observation for me. I mean, these cycles have similar timeframes associated with them, almost just walk back in history and look at it. With the caveat, though, I think as we came through all the supply chain challenges this time, maybe a little more inventory gotten built up, when I look at things in the industry, so it might be a little bit longer than typical, but these things are pretty consistent on a historical basis. So you just go look at history, you'll have to answer your question.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Hard for me to tell you what another company is saying, especially because it was just this morning, and I haven't really been able -- Tim and I haven't really been able to look at what they said. But I think you understand, you don't just buy one tool just for the fun of it. If you can't buy all the process tools to complete the manufacturing line, it makes no sense, right? And so if you’re buying a litho tool, eventually, you need edge step and everything else to complete the wafer. So I can't help you reconcile what they said because I haven't actually been able to go study it, but I think you understand what I just commented on.
Tim Archer: Yes, Harlan. I guess, we wanted to give some sizing for that in 2023, since we knew there would be questions that, we're not going to break out the difference right now. That's inclusive of both systems and spares and service for those customers in China that are impacted by the restrictions. I think that we talked a little bit about improving supply chain conditions. And so, where possible, we talked about December, including some impact of, of course, China restrictions, offset partially by supply chain easing, offset as well by some decreases in other customers due to the demand elements that we talked about. So we're not prepared to break each of those items out, but we're doing best we can to essentially meet customer demand requirements where we can as early as we can.
Tim Archer: Well, Harlan, in my comments, I specifically said it's a very important part of our business model, especially during WFE downturns. It's also been a very deliberate strategy of Lam. I think if you attended the last couple of investor conferences, we've talked about an intention to increase revenue capture per chamber. And so I mentioned that just in the time from the last WFE downturn in 2019 from now we've managed to grow the installed base in chamber count by more than 30%. At the same time, we've also increased the breadth of our portfolio and the services that both in terms of the types of equipment intelligence services, the spares, the upgrades that has also meaningfully improved our opportunity for each of those chambers that's in the installed base. So each element of the spares of CSBG, whether it's spares, upgrade services, Reliant probably moves a little bit different through each of the kind of WFE up cycles or down cycles. But generally, spares, as we've said, holds up pretty well as most customers continue to run all of the tools that they've got installed. Upgrades sometimes can actually do a little bit better as customers have a little bit more time in a downturn to make the improvements that they want to make so that they come out of those downturns stronger with their installed base. And then services especially with our expanding offerings around equipment intelligence sources I talked about efficiency, productivity those are all things that they're important to customers at all times. But the really important customers as they're thinking about squeezing everything they can out of the installed base they have and being able to then maybe delay additional capital purchases or expenditures for just a bit longer. So I would say that we see CSBG as a very important part of stabilizing the company's performance through cycles.
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a shot at that first, and let Dough to add in. Obviously, we contemplated that, always we're talking about what we think the industry is able to do from a ship perspective. And ultimately from a revenue perspective. But -- so that number next year or kind of think about it as a little bit of a like for life this year. But I believe that we will see ultimately the year play out in a way that deferred revenues do come down as supply chain continues to ease. And there is a normal level, though, I'll let them speak to that. What that normal level of deferred is that we'd expect? So it won't come to zero, but we will see a meaningful portion of that deferred revenue that really represents the systems that we've been unable to satisfy this year as that plays out this year as we have. Ramped our capacity, supply chain capacity caught up and therefore we get caught up on deliveries and revenue recognition.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that obviously, as Doug mentioned in his comments, it's not our first downturn. And the reality is we really had no choice but to expand the company as we tried to meet what was really unprecedented, the gamble for last couple of years and no choice in doing that. And as you see, not only did we add headcount, we also expanded our facilities. Obviously, as you move through cycles, we then look at the resources that are required to meet the business level in the year and going forward and beyond. But I made a couple of comments. One, we think it's incredibly important that we sustain technology development through any cycle. Our customers expect for us to be continuing to advance the products and technology they're going to need on the other side of the demand cycle. And two, I talked about some very strategic investments that we've made to expand our global footprint, to put us closer to where some of our key customers are, to create capabilities closer to ecosystem partners and our supply chain. And we think those investments are incredibly important to the long-term business model of the company. And so, we'll be sure that however, we're thinking about the resources in the company that we sustain those types of investments as well because it's not only how you act to the downturn, it's how prepared you are for the next upturn and what performance you can deliver in that cycle as well. So those things are all under consideration now. And it's also why we gave you some look ahead to 2023 to give you a sense of how we're thinking about how this business can run through the near term.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, I mean we gave you color beyond what we would normally do at this point in the year, and I'm not going to do any more than we've already provided. That's the best we're going to be able to do for you right now.
Tim Archer: Pointing out Doug also commented some elements like Reliant are subject to kind of overall macro environment, and we just have to watch that as we go through next year.
Tim Archer: Yes, Krish, I'm usually trying to focus on how we're doing versus what are -- some of the longer-term inflections that we've highlighted. When you think about foundry logic where we've been focused, it's ALD, which clearly, we've made significant progress. It's areas like the EUV patterning module, which includes hard masks and the ability to etch very fine pitch features with incredibly uniformity across the wafer and wafer-to-wafer, tool-to-tool, chamber-to-chamber. And that's -- so I've been -- usually, I'm talking about a little bit further ahead, but that gives you some sense of the momentum of the company that's independent of the cycle. It's really -- those are positions we're winning and when the customers buy, those become big opportunities for the company.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, Joe, there's not an enormous amount of it. There's been a little bit of inventory. I think the entire customer base built up with some of the supply chain constraints this year, including the local Chinese customers, but it's not like a crazy amount.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think in many way especially, you answered your own question. We're a little bit over-indexed in memory. We're very strong in terms of share there, and that's going to be down more overall WFE next year, but that's also offset by the strength of our CSPG business, which I believe to be the highest quality installed bases in the industry. So that's going to benefit us. If you really want to kind of see what it might look like -- go back and look at '19, where you had a similar profile, where memory was quite soft and foundry logic was pretty good. And we weathered that period pretty well.
Tim Archer: The only thing I would add is there's been a lot of our actions. Again, I spoke to some of the repositioning. I mean effectively, your question is about next year, but we're really thinking about, again, long-term trajectory for profitability in the company, which both Doug and I have said over time, we want to drive it meaningfully higher. And so, Doug mentioned and I mentioned the investment in Malaysia. We talked about the engineering activities in India, talk about the technology lab in Korea. All of these things are designed to make us faster and more efficient in our operations over the long-term. And so how much of that shows up next year and kind of how the effect is going to see how next year plays out. We're going to be focused on it. As I said, we go back to look in 2019, we do pretty well in these periods. But really, what we're trying to message is that the investments we've made over the last couple of years, taking advantage of this very strong growth period in the company really sets us up for the remainder of this decade to really drive the strategy of the company towards, again, speed of mission and efficiency and delivery of our products and services.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, now we're starting to talk a lot more about 2023. And so again, we incorporated our view there into the 2023 guidance. I think we'd like to wait until we get little bit closer to the year to be able to speak to that. It's -- the customers are taking action. And I think that you're hearing from customers about some pretty aggressive action to try to bring those inventories and the supply demand better into balance. I don't really want to speak for them, but I think that, as I commented, I think as we exit 2023, we're going to be set up in a pretty good place for memory spending as a percent of total WFE to actually rise from that point. How it plays out through 2023, we’ll let you know our view is to get a little bit closer.
Tim Archer: Bunch of questions there. First of all, maybe the simplest is we've taken out, obviously, the shipments that were destined for applications or customers that are restricted, which primarily means right now domestic Chinese customers that are manufacturing restricted technologies, which in NAND and DRAM have certain specifications and in foundry logic and others. The multinationals, as you noted, were given an authorization to receive shipments and service and so our business there effectively remains unchanged as a result of that. And so we are continuing to include that in our outlook for 2023. To your point about a facility, it's our understanding that a facility that would have mixed use would likely fall under the restricted category. And so, therefore, if a customer were to want to manufacture and take shipments and receive support for unrestricted technology, you would have to be in a facility that was clearly not also doing restricted activities. And I think that that's something that's being worked through by our customers. We've contemplated all of those, as well as what we believe will happen in China and to that $2.5 billion estimate. And so that's our view right now of the restrictions on how they affect customers and our business.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that, as Doug said, the December guide would have been decently higher if the China restrictions had not been put in place. So I think that answers the question. There was a comment about -- that we made about -- perhaps we made up a little bit because of easing supply chain conditions, but that would have happened independent. So in any case, December would have been higher had the Chinese restrictions not been put in place.
Tim Archer: Yes. It's a good question. It's definitely one that's better relative to their tolerance of holding that inventory. I think everybody's view of inventory probably changed a little bit as a result of shortages and the ability to respond to what -- over the last two years, we've seen a relatively sharp changes in demand. But I really can't answer for them about their willingness to hold more inventory. I think we're going back and as Doug said, looking at kind of historical behavior and these kinds of downturns, what we're experienced with, and that's how we kind of like project out what we think will likely happen.
Tim Archer: On US citizens operating in China, I'm not -- yes, I mean, there is a restriction on US citizens as defined by the government -- providing support for the development of restricted technologies.
Tim Archer: No, I believe it is the same step that spelled out. Fundamentally, customers that are either on a restricted list or producing restricted technologies for those that are affecting.
Tim Archer: We'll give you that guidance in the January earnings call. I think what we're just trying to signal is that, we're well aware of what we believe is coming next year. And therefore, we'll take the appropriate actions -- as we see fit, as I mentioned, to manage the company through the downturn. But also be ready for what we believe is a robust future for the company and the industry.
