Ernie Maddock: Thank you, Carol. I'll be sharing the results of another strong quarter for the company. In June we delivered record revenue together with strong operating profits and earnings performance. Shipments for the June quarter were 694 million down approximately 5% from the record shipment levels that we reported in the March quarter. Application and market segment breakdown for the quarter were as follows; Applications at 65 nanometer and below represented 96% of total system shipments. DRAM accounted for 37% of total systems shipments with NAND comprising 30% and other memory customers approximately 2% such that the total memory segment customers were 69% of system shipments. Foundry customers accounted to 23% of system shipments while logic and others were 8%. June quarter revenue was 695 million up 10% over the March quarter driven by strengthening demands for Etch and Clean products as well as related service and spare parts. On going gross margin was 46.7% up 40 basis points from the March quarter. This improvement was primarily the result of favorable product mix and initial benefits for our efforts to improve efficiencies in our Clean products business. Ongoing operating expenses for the June quarter were 152 million and included the acceleration of R&D spending on new products as well as variable compensation expenses associated with the company's higher revenue and profit levels. Ongoing operating profit was 172 million and reflects 16% growth over the March quarter resulting in ongoing operating margin of 24.8%. Other income was 3.5 million largely due to interest income and favorable impacts from currency movements. We incurred net expenses of non-ongoing nature of 16.7 million during the quarter which includes 13.3 million related to a reassessment of obligations associated with certain facility arrangements and 3.4 million related to asset impairments. Our ongoing tax rate for the June quarter was 15.3% primarily due to favorable geographic mix of operating income and adjustments related to non U.S. reserves. For the full fiscal year the ongoing tax rate was 18.8%. For the September quarter we expect an ongoing tax rate in the mid-teens and current rate projected levels of business we would expect the fiscal year 2011 tax rate to be similar. For the June quarter our ongoing EPS was a $1.17 based on account of 128 million share. Relative to our expected performance of $0.94 approximately $0.09 of the incremental EPS was generated as the result of the favorable tax rate, while the remaining $0.14 was generated from our strong operating performance. Turning to the balance sheet, our cash and short-term investments including restricted cash totaled 992 million. In June we generate 165 million in cash from operation translating to 24% of total revenue  During the June quarter we continued making share repurchases to offset dilution from employee equity plans and repurchased approximately 700,000 shares at an average price of $39.56. A portion of these shares purchased settled outside of the June quarter a will be reflected in our September quarter cash flow statement. Accounts receivables days outstanding were 65 days; a decline from 75 days in the June quarter and inventory returns was 4.7. At the end of the quarter differed revenues was 207 million and as usual exclude shipments to Japanese customer that will revenues in future reports. These shipments totaled $52 million. Non-cash expenses included among other items 12 million for equity compensation and 18 million for depreciation and amortization. Capital expenditures were 12 million and our employee headcount at June end was approximately 3,150. With that I'll turn it over to Steve for his comments.
Ernie Maddock: Well one of the big areas that we have been focusing on is drying technology. As you get into 3X and 2X types of environments you end up in a situation where drying becomes very critical. We've had a number of wins both in logic, but primarily in DRAM where drying has been a technical differentiator that's been benefital for us. We've also continue to expand our market share in other foundries beyond where we had application wins in the past. And we've also now began to increase our penetration wins at a number of memory companies. So that we expect by the end of the year that when we look at Clean, Clean will be about 55% of the shipment will go to logic foundry and 45% will be going to memory. And that's an encouraging improvement for us given that memory spending tends to be 50% to 55% of total wafer fab equipments spending. So we like the positive aspects of penetration in memory.
Ernie Maddock: Krish it is on track relative to the products that we focused for the outsourcing efforts. Part of the phenomena of the current environment is that you're seeing a lot of customers reorder process of record tool that were not necessarily a focus of the outsourcing effort. So it really -- in terms of the operational execution it's pretty much on track. We would need to see a transition of our customers to that product. And yes, as we've talked about it before we would expect to see continuing improvements in our gross margin performance in the Clean business as time progress and we make those transitions.
Ernie Maddock: You're probably going to see cash flow really come close to mimicking our overall operating income, Jim. It -- there maybe a small probation, but in general it's going to of mimic the operating income guidance that was given.
Ernie Maddock: Certainly if you presume that the performance that we have and going to have in December continues throughout the year, yeah you can absolutely get there.
Ernie Maddock: Yeah you are going to still be maybe low end 18 and high end in the very low 20's and it says very quarter to quarter based on customer order patterns and things. So maybe an notch down fundamentally because the Clean business is less spares intensive of than the Etch business. And as that becomes an increasing part of our revenue stream you're going to see that percentage moderate a little bit.
Ernie Maddock: Tim this is Ernie. It's actually a customer mix story predominantly. There is certainly some products mix that plays a role in that. But the big story is customer mix as Steve alluded to earlier. You have significant customers who would represent $40 million or $50 million as much as $70 million worth of shipments in a quarter. And that can have an impact on the overall margin performance if there are significant difference of margins among customers.
Ernie Maddock: Yeah, what I was saying was that if you take this point in time in the last quarter, the September quarter changed significantly as the June quarter played out. And so therefore here we said in September quarter and if things hold true to firm what actually is going to occur in December could change quite dramatically. That has been the trend going back to a year ago where -- when we were in the September quarter talking about September guidance, the December quarter changed dramatically by the time we got there. March quarter changed dramatically by the time we got there in 2010, same thing for the June quarter et cetera. So when we are in this rising environment the next quarter out is pretty unpredictable. And so we'll just have to see how December actually plays out because things could change pretty significantly between now and when we have this conversation again.
Steve Newberry: The 30 billion to 32 billion run-rate it's kind of an average run-rate that we think will occur. If the customers go forward with what they are currently asking us to ship to them in the December quarter, they are asking for more shipments in December than we are out putting in September. And if that occurs then I would expect that those shipments and revenue for December would be higher. But I think that one other things everybody recognize is with lead times for most of the companies in the equipment industry is barely short. It's a pretty volatile environment when you get out three or four quarters. But that's what their telling us they want for December at this particular point in time.
Steve Newberry: Well I think that as I kind of mentioned many, many times, I thin it's all about the demand. Currently we are certainly in a strong demand environment. I think if in fact the corporate refresh cycle for PC and server infrastructure accelerate as many predict, I think we're going to see memory demand continue to strength as we go forward. Clearly in the foundries they all talk about the fact that there is very strong demand at 180 and 150 nanometers as well as 65 being a very dominant node. In addition their leading edge logic companies whether they are fab like companies or foundries are taking as much 40 nanometer product as they can get their hands on and the lead times have gone out. Their expectations for a demand out of the foundries on the leading edge is that it's expected to be very sustainable through the first half of 2011. And so -- I mean there is a lot of fundamental positive signs around semiconductor demand. And if it continues to manifest it self and there is no question in my mind that they will have to continue to spend at least at the rate that we're seeing for September and December in the first half of 2011. But with the uncertainties that we have in the world today when you get that far out who knows. But there is a lot of things you could point to as to why a sustained or even growing shipment rate could occur.
Steve Newberry: I think we had four total this quarter. Most of the application wins activity in the first half of the year have been in conductor. We have 10 net application wins to-date, total between conductor and Etch. And for a competitive reasons I am not going to detail out the specifics because at some cases our competitors don't even know yet that they have lost. But I will tell you that when you look at what's going on in the conductor space its things, its wins that are at the 28 to 32 nanometer node, both in the front end -- primarily in the front end when they are talking about conductor. When you go to dielectric again it's in the memory space, it's mostly some 4X and 3X activity and then in NAND there is some 2X activity associated with double paddling. So it's what you would expect in terms of those things that are just going into production and so we've began to ship some of those application wins. And in some cases where it relates to memory it's 3X for DRAM and 2X for NAND which I don't expect will really ship much volume until late 2010 and early 2011.
Steve Newberry: We're starting to see that -- if we look at DRAM, we look at DRAM and say we think that by the end of the year will be about 150, 160,000 wafer starts per month that's pure capacity. And another 500,000 wafer starts that are a function of being converted from 6X or 7X to 5X or 4X. And early in the year most of the work was conversions. And so some of that 160,000 -- 150,000 capacity only are scheduled to ship in the second half, the bulk of it is scheduled to ship in the second half. But there are still conversion activity going on. In NAND you have kind of a similar story. There is probably a 150 to 160,000 of capacity addition. Most of that is going to be shipping in Q3 to Q4 going into the 3X and then the 2X ramp that -- the 2X ramp is going to start in the Q3, Q4 and most of that is going to be from new capacity adds.
Steve Newberry: Well I'd like to tell you that we're seeing a lot more customer's book in advance. But the reality is that if they don't need to they don't. One of the pluses of us having one of the fastest supply chain response capabilities in the industry is that some times customers don't actually deliver the purchase orders till late service. So the return environment is fairly high. But we basically reserve slots on the basis quotation processes. We're doing a lot of work with these customers well in advance of when they actually physically deliver the purchase order. But, if I had to say most customers are delivering purchase orders 8, 14 maybe sometime 16 weeks in advance. But they are talking to us typically six months in advance, sometimes even longer than that and giving us an idea of what they're thinking about wanting from us in terms of deliveries.
Steve Newberry: In the September quarter, as Ernie talked about, in our June quarter 69% was memory. And so what it's looking like now is that we're going to see memory in the September time frame drop to I think it's about 50%. What's going to happen in December is something that's -- in September probably 57, but it's dropping down from 69. And so in December, I mean the problem that we have is if we were sitting here three months ago on our conference call for September, our September shipment demand went up about 35% from the conference call that was one month into the June quarter and by the time the June quarter ended September shipments had increased 35%. And so with the concentration of customers I couldn't tell you exactly how it's going to play out for December. But my senses is that it's going to be very strong for our logic and foundry throughout the second half. And then we'll se how the percentages play out. But memory is dropping as a percent as a function of the increase in logic and foundry spending.
Steve Newberry: I think we're in a -- there aren't that many customers any more in the industry. So we know the top 10 is probably spending 80%, 85 % and you get to the next 10 and they're probably spending 95% plus. And so I think when we're looking at who is participating in the second half, you pretty much have all the players that are of any substance taking deliveries in the second half.
Steve Newberry: I mean I think that one of the things that we should point out is that, we're absolutely ramping significantly our Clean shipments in the second half. As a percentage of our total shipments it's growing faster than our Etch shipments. So when we look at our margins you might question why they are kind of flat on higher shipments in revenue. And fundamentally it's because we have mix changes from where we were with clean at lower gross margins today dragging down margins a little bit. And then we have some customer mix issues. If we have what we are looking at for December occur, we're going to see some of those cost reduction benefits come into play in the Clean business December a more favorable mix of customers. And so we're expecting that on higher shipments and higher revenue of some sort in December that we'll also see improved operating margin and gross margin as a function of things I just mentioned.
Steve Newberry: It's a combination of both. There's no question C.J. that we've got customers still wanting to come in and increase the deliveries of equipment which I think is certainly related to the cycle. But certainly given the market shares that we outlined at the analyst event in terms of some of these emerging applications on 3X and 2X, you're starting to see shipments for those technology node of curve later in the second half. And so, our market share gains in those nodes are contributing to the pace of which you'll see our shipments increase relative to just the WFE market itself and perhaps some other competitors.
Steve Newberry: Well I think that certainly in the June quarter we saw -- in the last couple of weeks we saw 25 million to 30 million of what had planned to ship be asked to be held for two to three weeks. That was a function of either facilities issues or not having the ability for delivery. Some of which was lift out, some was others. So, as some of the issues in the supply chain that are occurring that are unrelated to our ability to do things, we can actually have our shipments impacted for a verity of reasons and that's one of the reasons why our shipments weren't quite as strong as we had actually built and expected to execute in June. So as we go forward in the second half I think -- you can all see the extend with which ASML was ramping lift out, I think that's going to become less of a concern as we go forward. I think we've got a lot of new fabs that are coming on line. I think that all of those are potentially at some degree of risk that if those fabs don't come up don't get built or ready you could see equipment suppliers asked to delay shipments from one period to another. So it's one of the reasons why our guidance range kind of go up a little bit higher. Another reason is that when you start getting up revenues and shipments in the 800 level, the air band gets a little bit -- needs to be a little bit wider given the rhyme of that. But the other issue is, I mean if we have 50 million or 70 million in a quarter going to one customer and we do and that customer decides that they don't really have the ability to swallow that much equipment for whatever reason, I mean we can easily have 20 million or 30 million pushed out into the next period. And while it doesn't change anything in terms of ultimately our market share and ultimately the revenue we generate it does create some choppiness. But I think can some times be confusing.
Steve Newberry: Well certainly, a couple of the big news fabs that everybody is aware of. One is it's going to be taking deliveries in the second half I think that the other that's in Japan its still filling out, the Y4 wafer starts and the technology conversions Y5 will come online middle of 2011. And if you look at what a lot of people think its terms of the supply, demand relationship with NAND that it's going to stay in pretty tight balance for the rest of this year. And lot people are forecasting that with a lot of new products that are coming out that the demand for NAND is going to continue to rise at a rate that's faster than output is being put in place. So I think its good news that there will be fabs that are available to be filled with equipment. And that's why I see a lot of customers really rushing around putting a lot of effort into making sure they get their fabs ready because they always have the choice not to equip them. But if the fab isn't ready you're in big trouble.
Steve Newberry: There was four customers, I'm not going to detail which once they were because customers kind of don't like us talking about specifics in terms of what they were doing. But there were some in memory, some in foundry. And so wasn't one customer, it was four and they all had different reasons.
Steve Newberry: Well I think, probably the best place to get that answer is really to talk to the foundries. I do think with Samsung clearly signaling that they are increasing their investments in their LSI and foundry business with global foundries being created and having access to capital and building a new fab in New York, you certainly have the potential for increased competition on the leading edge. And I think that contributes to some level of up-front investment by some of the foundry companies from that are going to compete for some of that leading edge. How that actually manifest itself in terms of how much supply is available relative to demand we'll just have to kind of see. But I think probably the best answer you can get would be to ask the foundries, have they changed their philosophy at all. I think the level of spending we're seeing right now is more a function of -- we're in a new wave of logic chip integration into consumer products. I think we're in a situation where a lot of the previous logic companies that have their own fabs are now moving most of their leading edge, if not all of their leading edge to the foundries. So you're seeing it as a concentrated visible expenditure. So I think those are the dominant trends relative to foundry.
Steve Newberry: Well that's why I've said that, if you look at the second half run-rate it's looking like 30 to 32. And if you look at kind of what we are guiding for September that out put in revenue is closer to 30. And if the customers do take the deliveries that they are looking for in December given that I've said that it's currently looking like it's going to be higher, that's going to be closer to 32. And then when you see what kinds of shipments and revenues we can generate at that level, if that were to be sustainable and that's a big if. But if that were to be sustainable and we had a four quarter period of -- a rolling four quarter period at that level then I think you would see our revenues being up right on that model that we presented at SEMICON.
Steve Newberry: Yeah, that's a good question and you're exactly right. It is lower as a percent of out total revenues now. And so probably a better model is to think in terms of accelerating upturn wit big systems growth. We're really talking about probably closer to what 17%, 18% 
Steve Newberry: When you look at the market share gains that we're forecasting for 2010 the vast majority of that's walked in relative to the technology nodes at are really at the heart of the demand in 2010. So that means it's a 4X leading edge in logic foundry, its 4X, 5X in DRAM and its primarily 3X in NAND which is where most of the purchases and technology conversions have gone. And so if -- for some reason things were to moderate on a going forward basis relative to the ramp for the 3X and 2X nodes, I don't think it -- market shares what you get as a percentage of what they spend. And so I don't think that if they slow down the total rate of spending that they're going to slow down the speed at which they attempt to put into production the next generation technology. We always see in fact an acceleration of movement to the next technology node in the down terms because that's where lower costs are and higher performance and that's what they used to try to stimulate more demand from their customers.
Steve Newberry: Can't micro of all don’t go out four quarter relative to wafer starts. I think that if we look at the next couple quarter relative to what our customers think the demand environment is going to be and we look at the shipment environment, I think we're looking at a situation where the wafer starts are probably going to go up maybe 50,000, maybe 100,000 in DRAM, and I think in NAND you're probably going to get wafer starts that go up -- let's see, maybe a 100,000 in NAND. So it's about a 100,000 increase in the wafer starts per month in both NAND and DRAM.
Steve Newberry: I haven't talked to any of them since SEMICON which was quite a week and a half or ago or something, two weeks ago. And -- I mean talked extensively with a lot of different customers about where's the demand coming from, what do they think about the sustainability, why did they did think it's sustainable, what do they think the rest are et cetera, et cetera. And I mean clearly there is a lot of confidence that some of the fundamental drivers as to why the demand should be sustainable at least over the next two to four quarters is behind. Why they are willing to bring this level of equipment in and somewhat higher over the next quarter or so. But when you start getting out beyond two to four quarters, there is so many wild cards which I'll be the first to acknowledge. And so they have not talked to me about any near term changes that would be different than what they talked about at SEMICON.
Steve Newberry: Well, I think you probably normally know that one part of my answer is going to be one quarter is not constituted to tramp. So therefore I don't look at the fact that the memory request for shipment in December which exist today is necessarily going to be what actually ships when we get around to December, that's one. Two, even if memory were to decline on a relative basis because the absolute basis is rising. There's still a lot of memory shipments going on. And I really think that when you look at what people are talking about for the first half of '11 and I don't necessarily believe -- I don't necessarily put a lot of weight on what they're saying. I think that the memory guys believe that it's the PC refresh and server infrastructure upgrade cycle is starting. I think if memory happens to be down in December it will no stay that way going forward into March and June. If in fact the refresh investment cycle occurring.
Steve Newberry: I probably could, but I couldn’t give you give you right of the top of my head. I'll have somebody follow-up with you and try to give you an idea of what we're looking at in terms of Etch specifically because it will depend on if its new wafer start capacity, it's one answer, if it's a technology conversion it's another answer. So we'll break that down for you.
