Martin Anstice: I guess the answer to that question is once bitten twice shy. I think one reason I did share perspective today CJ around kind of backlog is I think it should kind of tell you something about the trajectory of the company and the industry spending kind of out, that we have but I am going to kind of avoid a level of specificity at this point in time for the June quarter. I do think and I think I mentioned in this in my prepared comments that the outlook for the first half is reasonably clear to us and pretty strong and there is still a lots of months left in the year for us to get really specific about the second-half. But I don’t think it’s unreasonable seeing we haven’t a short reasonable [ph] balance this year.
Martin Anstice: I think as just to add, I think Doug’s prepared comments that kind of describes the addition of headcount, also need to be put in context. And so I don’t spend a huge amount of time talking about this because I think across the industry it’s not a very easily comparable benchmark but for the company a revenue per employee trajectory is not an unreasonable reference for you to be thinking about. And in fact through the December quarter and the March guidance that we have given today, the revenue per employee is getting better not worse. So I mean I think the context for spending more money is the growth of the company is pretty significant and our focus as a leadership team is making sure we are effective doing that, before we start worrying about efficiency, which doesn’t mean we don’t try to do both. But the customer trust exposure for getting a ramp wrong is not a risk we are biased to take - we are biased to get this effective so that we can kind of really, really kind of deliver sustainability for the story that we are telling here today.
Martin Anstice: Thanks Jim for your comments at the beginning. I don’t think that this anything new for us to communicate. I think the industry generally saw a little bit of a push on some foundry investments, saw a little bit of a pull on some DRAM investments and the rest of the industry more or less kind of played out in the way we had expected. I do think it is a little bit more concentrated shipment number for us from a customer perspective then even we were anticipating in the October timeframe relative to March ’15. But I think those messages are messages that are well communicated right now by the rest of the industry.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think sustained discipline is something we continue to see, is something we continue to hear from the customers and it’s something we continue to expect. But I think kind of history tells us if this gets ahead of itself in a significant way then there is always, at a minimum some kind of pause. Where, we don’t expect that, we expect continued discipline in every segment of the industry and we kind of come into the year pretty tight almost everywhere. And from, as best I can tell, the inventory levels and the industry commentary are, from our customers on inventory kind of supports continued discipline that I think at some level is a byproduct of a consolidated industry.
Martin Anstice: So I kind of have two answers to your question. One of them is kind of from the bottoms up forecasting and planning, which is always a little bit limited, when you start kind of focusing on something six months from now and nine months from now but our bottoms up analytics would tend to support what you just described, which is a slightly stronger first half for DRAM and a slightly stronger second half for NAND. But frankly when is all is said and done here I think we're likely to see a little bit of strengthening in the second half but time will tell, that may play out, it may not play out but the basic premise that you just described. And I guess the only other thing I'd supplement with is perhaps compared to the commentary from the company three months ago, where we articulated we expected planar spending in NAND flash to exceed 3D. We're kind of making the statement today that as best we can tell it looks more likely to be equal and the planar investment in NAND flash is biased the first half and the 3D investments in NAND flash is biased the second half.
Martin Anstice: I would say there is clearly an expectation that one of the customers, well publicized is kind of in the lead from kind of an investment timing perspective. But we expect this year to have kind of a diverse spending and anticipate all four NAND flash memory companies participating in a meaningful way. So I expect the spending to be more distributed in ‘15 than it was in ‘14 and just to kind of give you a little bit of a number on capacity we expect to be shipped in. So I think in the last call I mentioned that we were thinking that we ended the calendar ‘14 year with approximately 60,000 wafer start, 65,000 wafer start, of shipped-in capacity 3D NAND. And as best we can tell that more or less kind of played out as anticipated and we think by the end of ‘15 that 130,000 wafer starts plus or minus 10 is not a bad kind of reference point to have.
Martin Anstice: Well from an inflection point of view the 3D NAND inflection is not insignificant, as we’ve talked about before and from a timing point of view it plays a pretty meaningful role in the year-over-year comparison. But that’s also true by the way for the multi-patterning transition as well. I would say the only inflection that doesn’t kind of really get traction of substance to have kind of a material impact on the kind of outperforming characteristics of the company is advanced packaging, which isn’t to say there isn’t a positive story, because I actually think that the advanced packaging revenues of the company have [indiscernible] kind of doubling year-over-year but the scale of that compared to multi-patterning and then the 3D NAND transition is kind of obviously very different and meaningfully lower. So yeah, I think our performance is a commentary on the 3D NAND and FinFET and multi-patterning transitions in DRAM and logic both, and it is a commentary on market share momentum in the company which we are, I think accelerated, it doesn’t feel like it’s slowing or stagnating, it feels to me like the market share momentum is actually accelerating. This is kind of something we’ll work very hard to sustain.
Martin Anstice: I think the reality is that even after the investment that we’ve described in calendar ‘15 and our best estimate is approximately 400, maybe 400 to 440 or 410 to 430, hard to be specific at this point, is the kind of 1,000 wafer start conversion, approximately of the industry. There is much more than that at the end of calendar ’15, still in need of conversion to the 20 nanometer technology node. So to the extent there is a risk in the form that you are describing it I don't think it shows up in calendar '16. It has the shortest showing up in calendar '17 but a lot is going to change between now and '17 relative to the roadmap of DRAM. So it's not something that's a particularly prominent kind a risk factor for us in the scheme of things.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean I think the context to one of the earlier questions is the discipline and the balance, the supply and demand balance, but we had a number of years to demonstrate the performance on that. So I think we're getting to a point where trusting that is the legitimate assumption it is much more balanced.
Martin Anstice: So the answer to the first part of that is yes. And I said before we are not kind of distinguishing the 14, 16 capacity additions from the ‘20 because there are so much of an overlap of the equipment portfolio, 90% to 95% of the equipment is kind of in a track [ph] from the last planar node to the first FinFET node anyway. So our assumption is that we exit 2015 with somewhere between 200,000 and 220,000 wafer starts of combined capacity 2016 and '14.
Martin Anstice: No, I don't think there is a fundamental challenge. Instead of maybe 33, maybe we end up saying it’s 31 or something like that, or 32 is the byproduct of the 3D NAND kind of assumption set, kind of delaying from '14 to '15 a little. But the fundamental message, I think is exactly same today as it was before and the kind of end gains to the extent we are describing one of calendar '17, the 50% kind of spending proportion on the inflection is still the assumption we're running with.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think maybe we would probably say more 60 than 50, but I think a number of customer have said most recently as well that addition frankly does not do more than keep the available output kind of constant because in the technology transitions from the 3x range to the mid-20 and to 20 there is kind of loss per kind of square foot of clean room in terms of output. So the assumptions that we are making is the investments of 60,000 wafer stocks or so is maybe it’s a little higher, maybe it’s 60-70, that range but it’s not a 100,000 wafer stocks of additional or anything like that. It essentially kind of keeps the output potential constant year-over-year.
Martin Anstice: In the interest of not being specific to any one customer we are going to kind of elect not to answer that question directly please.
Martin Anstice: But Mark you can just listen to what I said in my prepared remarks and kind of get some level of indication from there.
Martin Anstice: Well, that’s a little hard to answer without kind of getting into a lot of details in terms of a demand statement for those devices. I guess the headline for us is we kind of trust the substance of communication from the customer. I think everybody is saying that in the interest of keeping everything in balance and so what we are communicating is our best understanding of their investment plans, which as I said it’s in the kind of 200,000 to 220,000 wafer starts installed capacity by the end of this calendar year for 2016 and ‘14 combined. So. If the customer is underestimating the demand for that device then I think there will need to be more investment. It doesn’t show to me like there is risk, that they are over investing it. I think it’s pretty reasonable commentary on outlook as best we can tell.
Martin Anstice: I don’t know if there is seasonable profile to it per se, Sidney. I mean this is more concentrated then I can recall seeing it in the two years I have been with the company. So I think this is over and above where you would normally expect it to be.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I don’t know that I kind of read too much into it. I mean I think kind of our headline is the outlook that we described in percentages three months ago is not so far away from the outlook we are describing for dollars. And it’s kind of pretty customary for the company to start the year with a plus or minus $2 billion and it’s kind of out in the middle of the year now in that range to plus or minus a $ 1 billion. So we’ve just kind of done our best to translate the outlook of three months into a customary form of guidance I think what has changed is from the kind of public disclosure of the customer, some kind of foundry spending expansion and kind of DRAM more less the way it was and commentary from the micro-processor space of the importance of reusing their overall strategies. But the 34 plus or minus two is just a commentary on we’re at the beginning of the year and lots can change and we are doing our best to tell you what we think the range is.
Martin Anstice: Again, I've come to appreciate that, that level of specificity gets a little bit close to the sensitive disclosure of the customers, given there are only so many. So if you may allow me I'm going to kind of defer that question to our customers.
Martin Anstice: Well, first of all we said 2017, not '18 relative to last part of your question, EUV we don't believe has any relevance of substance in 2017 timeframe by virtue of the stated plans of the customer not to have an EUV kind of adoption until kind of the 7 nanometer technology node at the earliest. And I think we kind of gave you some color on that the last quarter. Relative to 30% as being a legitimate target for our company, from a proportion of WFE, that's available to us, there of course is some assumption associated with how the customer builds 3D NAND capacity, but we are not assuming a very grand, I would say conversion of kind of the planar installed base that sits at more than a million wafer starts from their capacity today. So and I think there is a lot of learning still in the industry to kind of know quite what 3D devices get targeted to in terms of end markets and how fast that conversion will play out. But we haven't kind of - we haven't assumed a grand conversion of the installed base. We're trying to estimate as best as we can an efficient way for the customer to establish that capacity. So we tend to bias a conversion assumption rather than an addition assumption for the industry generally, but as you know every customer is slightly different relative to answering that question and there are some that are very focused on addition, and there are others that are very focused on conversion.
Martin Anstice: So, frankly three months is a really short term period of time in the context of kind of new products and new markets. And I don’t have so much more to say than I did - today than I did in October and maybe the one exception is for the kind of new product, the ES [ph] product we have had kind of repeat order of the penetrations that we made for one customer which is, I think, a meaningful statement of validation, but it isn’t everything we need and so what we need is kind of an industry, to kind of make that choice as well as a couple of customers and this is the year where I think the decisions of the customers will define the legitimacy of this strategy and plans of the company. I think the company has done a really good job in delivering the productivity differentiation and getting us process capability for a front end of line clean growth opportunity. But just because the company does, it doesn't mean the customers are going to be invested in that selection of that adoption and we're doing our best and as you said this is the year that it kind of really plays out one way or the other.
Martin Anstice: I don’t know that I can easily answer that question. I mean we are assuming that all of the foundry customers are making investments in this calendar year and we’re assuming that at least two-thirds of the wafer starts in the industry are getting added at the 14, 16-nanometer technology node. And as you’ve heard from two of those customers I think the 28-nanometer demand is not insignificant. So that’s kind of in the mix as well.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean the assumption is when we kind of add up the collective disclosure from customers and kind of what’s available to us kind of, from being kind of inside of the industry and participating kind of real time, that’s the best assumption we can give you.
Martin Anstice: Yes I guess anyone can in theory. I think the 3D NAND conversion is more likely to influence in a positive direction than anything and that’s really a statement on the size of that transition and the implications of it and obviously the degree of uncertainty that exists in terms of kind of market penetration of that device at this time. So I do think kind of FinFET conversions can accelerate, if there is kind of momentum that it is in excess of stated plans in terms of going from planer to a FinFET device, but it feels to me like the upside is kind of greater in memory than foundry logic and greater in NAND than DRAM. But I guess in theory all of them can move in a positive direction.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, nothing really. I mean we’re still thinking 7-nanometer as kind of the earliest and the only thing that I read in the last kind of three months kind of reinforced the complexity of the infrastructure around the EUV process itself as being kind of significant component of that question. And it didn’t look like it got any easier, it looked like it got more difficult as best I could tell. Okay, Harlan you are up. Thanks Atif. Harlan you are the last guy today. Operator, next question please.
Martin Anstice: You know, I think really it’s kind of the age old, relative ease and I don’t think it’s easy but in relative terms it probably is, you know with the amount of kind of die concentration that exists in the microprocessor fab compared to the distributed die and customer reality of the Foundry, the conversion cycle really kind of is a big challenge. And so I think that’s kind of principle reason that there is an emerging trend of some substance to conversion in foundry but it does not compare to what is available to the microprocessor world.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I think it can be, when people do conversions, it can be upgrades from a hardware perspective and sometimes it is nothing because they find a way to make the hardware work and there is a process modification and you know with rare exception this industry doesn’t get paid very much for process. It gets paid for the hardware that gets sold into a fab even though perhaps the value contributions in that is really made is the process contribution but that’s a long story.
Doug Bettinger: No, I mean the right way to think about, kind of our levels of spending are what we perceived to be our sustainable level of profitability. Yeah, we were a little bit below that operating income but I don’t think 30 basis points is too much. We are ramping up some of our R&D activity as I kind of indicated in my prepared remarks which is part of what you are seeing go on in the March quarter. But the right way to think about how we intend to spend money will be to be roughly consistent with financial models that we put out. And right now we do have a little bit of gross margin headwind that I described but the spending level is still pretty well within those models.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, you may remember Patrick we talked about or I tried to talk about our objective with the installed base business is to grow at faster than the new equipment market, right. So there was a graph where I showed that. Consistent with that we are growing a little bit of spending in that business group this year over and above what was there last year to go try and take advantage of those opportunities. So that is part of the investments when I talk about opportunities that are out there. We do believe we see opportunities to generate returns and the spending is up there a little bit.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I am not going to give you kind of what June looks like. I did describe purposely in my prepared remarks that we expect shipments to be strong in the next couple quarter, without giving you a direction from March to June. And we've built inventory in anticipation of that. So you should expect that those inventory levels come down in the back half of the year likely, but expect us to update that on a quarter-by-quarter basis, Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, so I think directionally in the March quarter, memory shipments are going to be up as a percent, logic is probably flattish, maybe down a little bit and I think foundry will be down a little bit, when you put all that together and by the way those are system shipments. I kind of indicated, I think the customer concentration piece continues into the June quarter a little bit and then my expectation is in the back half of the year the gross margins move backup from where they are. It’s hard to call things move around Tim, as you know in this business. But as we sit here today I think we are going to continue to see some concentration in June, might be a little bit less than it is in March but this stuff moves around quite a bit.
Doug Bettinger: Martin referred to 20 new tool introduction last year, I mean it's that. So it's obviously broad based. If I had to give you a little bit of color it's probably more biased towards our deposition product group then it is the etch product group in terms of new tools that are coming out, given some of these inflections that are happening there is a little bit more going on there.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, it's somewhere between 20% to 25% onshore, as we sit here today and obviously then 75% to 80% offshore. And as always we're thinking through how to fund that $1 billion capital return program and I previously said we can fund that with the cash that we have in that program. I think it's a pretty significant program in terms of returning cash. And once we get through the current authorization you will hear us talk about what are our plans as we go forward. So pretty comfortable with the level of cash. It's been pretty flat in gross terms over the last couple of quarters and that's because we've been returning cash to shareholders.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mahesh I am not going to give you a new model, as I sit here right now but I will give you a little color around it. The one thing to think about is there is a level of WFE context in the model. There is also a time component to the model right, because there is a maturation of some of these new tools that are coming out. Both of those items are very important to the attainment of the financial model and if you recall we kind of showed a $5.6 billion, ‘16-17 model that got a percentage point better than the ‘14-‘15 model and we are probably somewhere in between each of that once we get through some of these tool maturations but we need the time to get through those.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, just the fact that the denominator goes up even if inventory is flattish, which it probably is going to be. You will have inventory turns and days come down. Directionally inventory is going to trend down, I think as we go through the year, as we’ve built into this level of shipments. So a little bit of color for you to think about as you model it.
