Martin Anstice: Yes, thank you for your comments at the beginning there, Harlan. Obviously we're at the beginning of the year so lots to learn. But our analytics today would cause us to think that year over year, so 2015 to 2016, the memory investment level is maybe down by $1 billion and the foundry is up by about $1 billion and then logic and other are kind of flattish. So there's a plus or minus with each one of those, so that's a kind of segment composition. Our sense of first half, second half WFE we're currently modeling a 47%, 48%, 53%, 52% type of profile. So, overall a stronger second half than first-half. DRAM foundry and micron microprocesses all second-half stronger than first half and NAND to your point, slightly stronger in the first half of the year. And I would say that the upside to the extent there's upside in the first half, second half split and I'll just characterize with NAND, is all defined around the performance of devices and then momentum in SAD markets and so on and so forth. So that's the summary of our modeling at this point in the year.
Martin Anstice: It's not insignificant for sure. There is a healthy investment at above 28 nanometer and I would say it is almost equal to the same level of wafer stocks that we saw added in 2015. It has a slightly different composition. It's relatively broad-based so there's two to three customers at almost every foundry node and there's a cap in intensity at the 14 nanometer, 16 nanometer and 10 nanometer technology nodes obviously that make those investments relatively more expensive. But certainly there is a decent chunk of foundry wafer fabrication equipment spending that is 28 nanometer and above.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think we've got a pretty clear statement of modeling on that. Our long term financial model that we used at Semicon West is a great reference point for you. It's almost replicated in the F4 filing. There's 22% operating income references, there's growth references, there's SAM expansion references and the headline is the inflection story which is the catalyst for SAM expansion continues to progress 2015 into 2016 and all the way through 2018. Just to remind you our estimate of inflection-based spending as a percentage of WFE in the year just completed was in the low 30% range and by the time we hit 2018 our estimate is 55% or slightly higher. So, the SAM expansion story the targeted market share story certainly have us optimistic that we're continuing to grow the company in an environment of flat WFE and the economics that we're targeting are exactly as we've communicated in our long term financial model. So I think the answer to your question is yes.
Martin Anstice: If I need to just build on that and take the question in the context of the totality of investments that we're making in the company. Let me deal with margin and OpEx together. You know the full process relative to the operating expenses in the company we have tremendous opportunity here to continue to outgrow the industry and our commitment to invest in R&D to support that initiative is a really important commitment for the company. So we're not jerking left and right, our commitment to customers around enabling technology. We're committed and we have to work through these short term kind of variability that we see as a result, as a result of concentrated customers these days. But having said that, we talked a lot about R&D and SG&A percentages so Doug can talk more if you want to in the call, but I think you know what we're trying to do there. We have essentially in the guidance provided today retained or constrained the operating expense investments to a level that is pretty similar to the March 2015 quarter. And just to remind you, in March 2015, we were just coming off the back of a $5 billion revenue year. Now we're coming off the back of a $6 billion revenue year. So to have the operating expenses at the $350 million level is a testament to the business model and the commitment to the management team to be responsible in the context of long term and short term performance improvements. Last thing to say, relative to gross margins, I don't think we're the first large equipment company to message December to March gross margin contraction in the scheme of things. The best council we have for you is the long term model and the 22% range of operating income is still the ambition of the company in the 2016 year.
Martin Anstice: I guess the context of what I'm about to say as I've said $33 billion which is exactly the same as what I said in October. What's different today obviously the passing of three months always provides a little bit more visibility, always provide a little bit more of a confirmation on technology roadmaps of customers and their ability to yield through very complex technology transitions. So it's the same numerical presentation and if my tone is a little bit more positive that's really a commentary on the passing of time and being able to validate plans and being able to see customers validate their plans a little bit more in January that we were able to do in October.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I'm going to reserve the right to not get specific to anyone fab. I think the headlines are clear from that customer what they're intending to do and as you know, we've got great position in the 3-D NAND transition -- so to remind everybody we're at about a 90% market share etch and depth-cortical applications and we made progress between planar and 3-D and so, we're a very active participant in the spending plans of the customer that you are referring to. And I should defer to their public confree on the timing.
Martin Anstice: I think it would be irresponsible to say that yield isn't relevant relative to cost isn't relevant to adoption. There is kind of a chicken and egg here. And I think one of the things that we're trying to do, we have obviously a tremendous opportunity to grow our company and outperform in the context of enabling many of the 3-D NAND architecture in partnership with our customers, but what goes with opportunity is a lot responsibility and we've got a lot of responsibility to help the customers yield to create an environment from a cost and performance point of view which is a catalyst for demand. I'm not sure which comes first a lot of this and the customer is going to speak to their tolerance of risk. To your point, everybody is invested with plans in 3-D NAND this calendar year as best as we can tell. 95% of the nonvolatile spending is focused on 3-D device architecture. It seems like there's a universal commitment to this and we're certainly head down working hard to contribute in our small way to the success of the customer.
Martin Anstice: And I think is a basic headline what you've heard us talk about for many years is the philosophy relative to pricing what we sell to our customers. So our number one focus is to build customer trust. Our number one way of building customer trust is to position for fair compensation. And we're not the highest gross margin company in the industry by a long stretch. But I think we're the fastest growing or one of the fastest-growing and there's always a balance between targeted profitability and growth. And we spend a lot of time thinking through the legitimacy of the gross margin objective for the company and the range that we talked about for the last several years, this mid-forty percent range, 45%, 46%. And I think a very defendable place for us to be and it is in general, in a consolidated world it is pretty segments and customer agnostic, right? We don't want to play a role influencing the competitiveness of customers based on our pricing strategy. That would be a sure way to lose customer trust.
Martin Anstice: You know, we're at least in this goal going to keep our WFE disclosure for memory at the memory level as opposed to a DRAM number and a NAND number and the reason for that is because we see there are some pretty big decisions for a couple of customers to make around where their allocation of spending will be. So I'm hoping that by the time we get to the next call that clarity is there. But to the first part of your question our assumption is 95% of the investments in 2016 in non-volatile memory NAND and other schemes is 3-D. So it is dominating the investments. And it is a very complex mix of conversions and upgrades as well as some additions. I would say it is a very efficient spends plan and it has everybody participating.
Martin Anstice: I think I used perpetually competitive when I described the etch segment. It feels the same today as it ever has done. This is a tough industry, a tough segment and it isn't just about the big guys, it's sometimes the smaller competitors, the regional alternatives and so on and so forth. We have been very disciplined making the investments in our future, long term future, a priority for the company. It's a multiyear commitment that extends way back. And it is a tough thing to get balance but I think the company did a nice job at identifying the opportunity to grow through technology inflections. The technology and engineering results, the company did a fantastic job delivering as competitive products and services. Our field organization nailed the interface with the customer in terms of positioning but more importantly supporting ramps and productivity agendas and install base performance. So it's a total team effort. Our plan is to build upon that foundation and whether we can do exactly the same thing in the next three years that we did in the last three time will tell, but you've got a pretty committed company to a growth trajectory that is profitable.
Martin Anstice: So I'll deal with one part of that and maybe Doug will deal with the deferred revenue piece. At a segment level the story that I described for WFE is slightly stronger foundry year-over-year relative to a slightly weaker memory investment. Historically that has meant something to us in terms of the degree of outperformance but one piece of really important context is we really positioned well in the image sensor transitions and I think when other folks were struggling a little bit with logic spend reductions we generally marched right through that because of that positioning and it is as strong today as a was then. Our momentum in foundries and in microprocessor logic is now I hope well understood to be a positive trajectory for the company. And so we still believe that in an essentially flat WFE our SAM increases. One part of that is the inflections message, so something like a 33% reference point for 2015 the proportion of WFE that is inflection-based and that is walking its way to the 55% level. We've just come off a stunning market share year for the company. We're going to keep working hard and the long term market share objectives I think are well within grasp at this point. So we're pretty pleased about that.
Martin Anstice: But I think it's fair to say that the mix of customers this was a relatively slow term and we'll probably speed up a little bit over time.
Martin Anstice: The share gain sits in the context of the overall objectives for the company and depositions, so we've kind of given you a reference point of 5 to 10 percentage points in the calendar 2013 through 2018 timeframe. The ALD question is a really interesting one and I think there are actually a lot of unanswered questions relative to the choices of technology and integration schemes to address really complex challenges. But our expectation is that ALD is a market that grows faster than any other that we participate in in the deposition segment. And we come from behind in many respects. In the last kind of five years and so in relative terms the market share momentum that we're seeking in ALD is higher than the average in depositions. So it is a faster-growing market with a faster market share growth ambition. Which doesn't mean it's easy, it's really hard and it's hard because everybody wants a piece of that.
Martin Anstice: You know, at a level which is kind of relevant to a conversation between us, there's not that much difference between the market share positions of any one customer. We tend to have, when we want something we kind of want it at an application-specific level because we have a very competitive technology. As you know there is one of the four players that has a different integration scheme and so I want to be a little bit careful and just hold back because their scheme is there's and I don't want to focus too much on that difference. But the basic headline of a 90% market share curative applications, 60% market share all in which is a kind of double-digit gain for us from playing at the 3-D, that is what we have to build upon. And it is what others are trying to take from us. So that is our responsibility.
Martin Anstice: For sure, but I wouldn't say that's a new reality. As a customer invests in building a fab, we have to invest consistent with supporting that. And as noted a couple times in this conversation there's a reasonable investment in China and it is increasing and we're making investments proactively to ensure that when we win positions, we build trust through a customer's ramp. The worst thing to do is to win a development position and then fail to execute because you don't have enough field process or field service engineers to support a ramp. So absolutely we're investing in infrastructure to support growth of the China marketplace. But that's true in every region of the world.
Martin Anstice: Yes, so I'm going to do this with some kind of caution and hesitation. We have a range around it. We're still over a 300,000 wafer starts per month reference point for 28 nanometer technology nodes and the sum of below 20 nanometer, so 20 nanometer, 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer and 10 nanometer. We would expect by the end of this year to have a shipped capacity which is different than a qualified capacity, but a combined shipped capacity of about 260,000 wafer starts, plus or minus 20,000.
Martin Anstice: Yes, well, it still obviously is the weaker link in the company in terms of market share performance. It's certainly relative to etch and deposition and we did some strategic repositioning as you might remember towards the end of last year and rationalized some cost structure and focused a little bit more on what we consider to be the most relevant opportunities to grow. It's a mid-to high teens market share play for us today and the message we communicated today is strategically relevant. We're excited about of profitable growth opportunity coming into 2016 and we're broadening the product portfolio wet and dry and time will tell what we can accomplish as a result of that investment. But I think most of us would say we feel better about clean this year that we did last year and long may that continue.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I think the basic message is going to be the same as the hypothesis we presented last time. The challenge for the industry is not just a challenge of physics it is a challenge of economics. At a strategic level we concluded that the most responsible action we can take, the most significant contribution we could make to the success of our customers, would come from the integration of process and process control. A big part of that value proposition is associated with new engagements across the companies with customers, because the reality is as you all know, the KLA team is a little bit more entrenched and stronger relatively in foundry logic than we're and we're more than them in memory. So there is absolutely an opportunity there. There are engineering exchange programs. We're building momentum, specifying the types of things we think are relevant to new collaborations and joint development activities with customers when we get to be one company. And quite how far that goes, how quickly, your reference right now is now $600 million bogie we have in the proxy for revenue synergies. And I would say I feel better about that today than when I did when I talked to you about last time because I see excitement emerging in the engineering community around the substance of opportunity which is everything about delivering vision here. And I see a sustained willingness in the customer base to support our plans to support them. So, pretty excited at this point.
Martin Anstice: I guess the answer to the question always has to be, yes there can be. Do I think there will be? Not clear to me today. And it would be a second half environment not a first half environment because I think the energy situation is getting better but it's probably not all the way there, but it's a lot better. There's tremendous discipline, it's a very efficient spend because it's all about conversions which is increased performance and lower cost which is more profitability, despite the fact that profitability levels have come down they're still reasonably able to support investment. I just think it's like a lot of discipline in a year when bit density conversion is playing out in DRAM as well which creates a little more complexity to your question. So I would say we have models pretty conservatively our expectations, maybe there's a little bit of upside in the second half of the year. At the end of the day it is all going to be about end-user and end-unit's demand and you will probably see that before we will.
Martin Anstice: I'm not sure a quick at the question. We had a really tremendous year in terms of share gain last year. And that was particularly true in the etch business. It was an extraordinary year for the etch team. And do you get to repeat that every year? No you don't. So we typically target one to two percentage points of share gain. That's a great result in a year or in a technology node conversion. And so we just did something like that in deposition, we did a lot better and that in etch. I would expect the 1% to 2% reference to be a better long term modeling from what we just did. But again, time will tell.
Doug Bettinger: Probably not much more. You see variability if you go back in December we were 4% to 5.5%, in you back to the quarter before we were 46.4% and overseeing 44%. You get lots of puts and takes when different customer mix, customer concentration, tool mix. Not every tool we sell is the same profitability level and overall business volume is part of this, too. So all of it is contributing, Romin. And as I said in my scripted remarks I expect this to be the low mark in terms of gross margin percentage for the company in 2016
Doug Bettinger: No, I don't think there's really any substantial differential due to any of the segments in the business. There's differentials, customer to customer sometimes, larger early adopting customers that help with development sometimes, get a little better pricing but I don't think segments is something you should think of that way Chris.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, so just to follow on the second part of your question, normally you will see when we have got shipments ramping up deferred revenue will grow and vice versa when shipment coming down deferred revenue will come down. You kind of saw that in December. And in my scripted remarks I talked about an expectation that in the first half of 2016 we expect deferred revenue to grow. It's because we expect to be on a ramping profile of shipments.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J., I'm not ready to quantify anything yet. The fact that we're giving you color on the second-half we thought was important given March was a low level for the year. I'm not going to quantify it quite yet. And in terms of the profitability level I'll just take you back to the financial model we've put up back in July as the right way to think about the performance of the business on a medium term basis.
Doug Bettinger: Every customer is a little bit different in terms of how they accept tools that are shipped, so customer-to-customer there's variation, fab-to-fab there can be variation. Especially when there's a new fab you're shipping to sometimes it can take a little bit longer to clear customs as an example, so the differential between ship and revenue has several different variables.
Doug Bettinger: I would be cautious about doing that because I think it has proven to be a really hard thing to model. And the reason is, because we live in a consolidated customer world and the difference between a week one shipment and a 13 week shipment is huge relative to the term and it moves absolutely. And so we cannot really give you a nice simple reference like we used to be able to. I remember vividly describing a relationship to you 10 years ago that would work for three years, five years. It doesn't work anymore, because it's consolidated. It is a much more variable play and every week counts and so we have a little bit slower turn in the March timeframe and we expect it to speed up. The best we can give you in terms of counsel on modeling is the exact guidance for the next quarter, the tone of quantitative sentiments on direction and the long term model that Doug has talked about a number of times and triangulating on those three you might get a quarter wrong but hopefully you get the year right.
