Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean we only really guide this one quarter at that time. The best -- I guess, the way I would give you to think about it is, it's going to be plus or minus where we're at in the June quarter. But again, we only formally guided numerically one quarter at a time.
Doug Bettinger: And C.J., just maybe one more comment from me. As I've said here and I think -- I do know it recovers at some point whether it's later in this year or early next year to me is somewhat interesting from a timing standpoint but obviously it will recover at some point. The industry is working through inventory in the channel and that will take some time, and at some point investment will be more than it is right now.
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, this is Doug. How I think about it is that I think we all understand there is inventory in the channel, there is inventory with the hyperscale guys, there is inventory with our customers that needs to clear itself out. And we can all do our best to model that, you can do it as well as we can; obviously, we model it, I know you do too. To me when I think about pricing, pricing is an indication of how supply and demand are clearing and until all the inventory is worked out, a lot of what you're seeing in pricing will be determined by how that inventory is moving through the channel; so you got to pay attention to that because that tells you how things are clearing out. And as Tim said, at some point it will clear up and we're all waiting to see when that does.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. I mean our formally committed metric that we are committed to return is I think we did this at our Analyst Day last year is at least 50% of the free cash flow and your observation is exactly right, last quarter it was more than 100% and the last several years it's been close to 100%. The way I think about it is, we are opportunistic, we are sensitive to what we perceive fair value of our business to be and where things are trading, we announced at our last earnings call a new authorization, $5 billion, I didn't communicate the timeframe for that and we'll see as it goes. But obviously the fact that in the June quarter year regarding the share count down again, you know we're going to be the market again in June and I've described it as I think about it as being opportunistic. I'm not going to exactly say what that means but we do pay attention to the value of the stock as we're executing.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean the best I'll give you prospectively is that we just got the June quarter. I don't know what it will be precisely, I'm not going to tell you September and December and beyond. What I said in response to an earlier question is the best guidance to give you is plus or minus where we are in June. And I think, Krish, in the first half of the year you have some unique things that happened the first, you're absolutely right, it was our 14-week quarter that occurs every six years, something like six years. We have that elective deferred compensation program, drive spending up that was offset in OINE. I don't anticipate that happens again, but if the market significantly moves you will see some permutations for things like that. In the first half of the year also you get payroll taxes come in that go away later in the year. So that dynamic comes and goes and then quite honestly with our R& D spending it's based on programs and projects and schedules and it's not perfectly linear, it's not the same every single quarter, there will be some lumpiness to that and that's why we'll guide you quarter-by-quarter as we go. We're conscious of the profitability of the Company, obviously we're conscious of wanting to maintain that profitability, it's why we undertook the workforce action we did. And the last thing I'd say is, part of that workforce action Krish was in cost of goods sold, it wasn't just in direct spending. So there is lots of things moving around.
Doug Bettinger: We haven't quantified it Harlan but a piece of it certainly is, a piece of it certainly is. And you know when I think about it is and what I hear Tim say all the time is, obviously, productivity is a technology challenge, right. The most productive platform doesn't necessarily mean the cheapest, it doesn't, right? You innovate in productivity, you innovate with the architectures as Tim talked about. You can win business at nice profitability which is what we're aspiring to do.
Doug Bettinger: Well that's what we're doing. Yes, obviously it could apply to all applications; it's first application here was in a Memory focused etch application, and I think that we -- just again, it will be more sensitive to places where you're wanting to manage very high-volume production with minimal human intervention. I mean what it really does is, it allows us to not have to interrupt the tool by opening into replaced arps (ph). And so I guess any high-volume application could be a target for it. If it's successful as it's proving out right now then sure it represents a share gain opportunity for us, and therefore better position when spending recovers.
Doug Bettinger: How to mitigate what might have occurred Mitch. It's gotten material impact on anything you're seeing from us right now.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, we'll give you one follow-up. Operator just a heads-up we have a time after this for one more call.
Doug Bettinger: We that when we look at this we see this is a growth year for the installed base business and it will grow next year too.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mehdi for us it's Logic and Other as you rightly pointed out. So yes, that's where image sensors goes, that's where advanced packaging goes, it's Logic plus everything else.
Tim Archer: Sure, I can do that. We said on our last call actually that we had expected China domestic WFE this year to be little more -- greater than $5 billion, we haven't changed our view on that. And our position in China, we've also said is a bit stronger or at least as strong as elsewhere in the world, so we gave guidance on the last call that our business in domestic China would be up as well. You know, there really has been also no change in the regulatory environment that is impacting our results and while we're monitoring it closely, we don't really expect any effect on our business at this point.
Tim Archer: No, I think that's -- it's a very clear statement of our position. We've been saying that we really don't see the recovery this year. You mentioned a couple of other items though like the 96-layer conversion and I guess from the standpoint of the job we're doing, you know, Lam is squarely focused in the middle of technology conversations and technology conversions are great way for customers to reduce their cost, increase their capability through cycles like this. And so Lam is just focused on helping our customers execute those technology conversions and when they come and there is capacity additions that will be as you say an additional green chute. But right now we've said, we don't see that right now through this year.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., nothing new to communicate relative to the buyback. We just announced the $5 billion a quarter ago, we executed $862 million last quarter, we view this as a favorable debt market as I described in my prepared remarks relative to rates and credit demand and whatnot, we've decided to take advantage of that. It really doesn't impact too much how I'm thinking about the timing of the buyback, the quantum of the buyback. Obviously, I think we've been pretty judicious with returning cash to shareholders in the past and will continue to do so in the future but I don't really have anything new to tell you except that that debt issuance helps fund what we plan to do. Thanks C.J.
Tim Archer: Okay, sure. Lot of great questions in there, so I'll do my best. I mean, first, maybe just taking kind of the share question head-on. Obviously we looked at the Gartner report, note, we will be the first to acknowledge we don't win everything we compete for. But I want to point out, we feel -- when we think about market share we feel very good about what we've accomplished in last few years relative to our positions in critical applications. You know, critical applications are the hardest to win but once you have them, they are also the stickiest; I mean they are the applications that our customers are least likely to change. And -- so we really did, we focused on those and we made sure that in key fast-growing segments of WFE like 3D NAND, we made sure that we secured those critical applications because that's really the foundation on which we then can go build everything else. And those are the applications that get you closely collaborating with customers. I think when you think about share, I've said -- I said it last time and I'll say it again, I want us to do better in the semi-critical applications. But again, yet after the critical application foundation first, then you build semi-critical on top of that. What can we do in that area? A lot of that is you just saw in this press release. We're focused on productivity innovation, and as our customer scale up and you see it this year with focus on the pricing environment and spending environment in the Memory, productivity innovation is welcomed by our customers. So semi-critical is usually a battlefield of our productivity, the press release about the Kiyo Etch with Corvus R. I think Lam will continue to try to set benchmarks for productivity in this space and that will drive share for us. Those are all things that are within our control. Things that are not so much within our control; device mix, and so just to point out as you look at some element of spending last year what took place was that 2017 to 2018 saw a significant increase in DRAM WFE and not such a large increase in -- in fact, almost no increase in NAND WFE by our calculation. So again, based on choices we've made in strategic positioning, we have positioned Lam to be extremely strong in 3D NAND and I think you all know that. And so some years it will go -- some years it doesn't work out quite as well. Now -- but we feel really good, and quite honestly, I wouldn't trade our position we have right now for anybody else's. Now your point about Logic, kind of -- just finish on that one. We intend to improve, we're always investing to improve our position across the entire spectrum of applications. I'm not -- I won't play my (ph) expert on your 3-nanometer horizontal nanosheet's application note but we have our CTO office looking at every new inflection that comes and those inflections how we've proven our ability to use those inflections as a share gain opportunities for ourselves and we'll continue to do so. So hopefully that answers your question. Thanks.
Tim Archer: Okay. Yes, I mean it's a great question. I mean, it's one we're asking ourselves all the time, every day. Our customers have a much better view on what their strategies are and what the trigger points are for them to begin investing. But what we're trying to say is that at least from our view what's happening right now is very rational, I mean the pricing environment -- we've seen some talk about taking small amounts of capacity offline, these are all things that we believe will accelerate in improvement in the supply-and-demand balance. So we just watch -- we're watching those, we're talking to customers continuously. And what we're making sure is that regardless as Doug said, we know it's going to come back, I talked about a lot of the demand drivers. There is no question for us about when -- whether Memory comes back, and so we're just focused on staying close to customers and making sure that when they do want to place orders for tools, there is no limitation in our ability to ship to them on the dates they want the systems.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think the only thing I would add is, maybe even to reinforce Doug's point about the performance in this business this year; this is the kind of business that quite often when our customers are looking for opportunities to increase their capability without having to go to that next increment which is to actually add capacity which is definitely their mindset right now this year. They turn to us for productivity upgrades, capability upgrades, services that help them get more out of the existing installed base and that's what this whole business is intended to do, is to help them leverage the tools that they've already put in place and probably it's kind of a win-win but it means that in the year like this year it's a very good business.
Tim Archer: What I'd -- here is what I'd say; I mean, it's a great question and maybe I'll refer back to few other things we've said, and we can then see how close we can get to the level of detail you're looking for. Obviously, we participate as you're talking specifically for layer conversions and 3D NAND; we participate quite significantly in the technologies that are required to make the stack taller, right, basically to increase the density. So we're talking about going from say 64-layer to 96-layer. I don't believe and Doug can correct me if we have, but I don't believe we've actually quantified exactly what we think our share of that spend is externally.
Tim Archer: Clearly, we've done it internally, we understand that all. What we did show at the Investor Day last year was that -- obviously for a greenfield investment Lam's opportunity increases meaningfully at every layer of transition as you might expect. I mean you're building a taller stack and it's the taller stacks, deeper etches, the new films that -- I mentioned one; you know, when you get to a taller stack, these new films are required to control wafer bow (ph), are critical to being able to build those taller stacks on the wafer and still be able to process and yield the wafer. Those things do increase capital intensity for us when you're moving between layers. I think the other piece though that we did mention at Investor Day and I guess we can reiterate is that -- from a conversion perspective while the absolute dollars spent are less, our share of wallet as you'd say, our share of WFE actually increases quite significantly because the primary tools that are required to affect that layer transition are etch and depth heavy. And so in a year like this when most of the attention is turned towards conversion it becomes a year in which maybe we would be achieving and obtaining a higher share of total spend in that area. But I know that doesn't quantify for you, but I don't believe we've done that externally, probably not prepared to do so today.
Tim Archer: Well, I'm not going to talk about any specific applications but in general, my comments about semi-critical applications where both your technical capability to do the application as well as productivity are if not equally important certainly like in the mix of the decision that's an area where obviously it's more competitive. And what I'm basically messaging is, our Company is going to focus on delivering best-in-class products that are best-in-class both, for technology and productivity. In many areas we already do that, I talked about the QSM, the deposition tool for -- like the strata ON-ON tool; in terms of productivity it delivered the 3D NAND on many dimensions, cost per wafer, fab space per wafer out. These are all dimensions we're -- as we said we believe we're unparalleled in terms of productivity delivered. Some of the etch applications; we may have some room to go and so when you say can it be stemmed; it's an area of focus for us and I think our track record of both, equipment and process development in critical application demonstrates we have the capability to do it, we have the productivity know-how inside the company to do it as well, and though I will say I'm not overly concerned but it is somewhat coming from our strategy if we needed to ensure we were securing critical applications that will continue to pay -- offer us for many years to come first and I think now we can definitely take on some of the challenges we've had in semi-critical.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. Some element of it, I mean in many ways you're improving performance even on critical when you're working on things like artificial differentiation for semi-critical, so this isn't where you need to drive completely different attributes. I think it's just a natural part, especially in the 3D NAND space actually -- of how the technology has also evolved and matured as well. I mean, if you go back a couple of years ago, maybe there was a lot more focus on the technical enablement of 3D NAND, it meant a lot more applications looked critical. And I think now as it's matured we figure out which ones we can push the boundaries of our throughput and cost reduction in a way that we can make 3D NAND lower cost for our customers to produce and therefore maybe drive increased volume, I mean basically through elasticity. So it's a focus of ours and like I said it's not something new; I mean the -- many of the deposition applications for a long time have competed in the semi-critical space and that's why you see unique tool plans that bring back up the QSM, architectural differentiation specifically for productivity, it's a winner. The Kiyo Etch and Corvus R announcement; Doug's point about almost every cost problem requires a technology solution, now that's a technology solution, I mean it may sound easy but the idea of a tool that can replace it's own hardware without human intervention, that's a technology solution to a cost and productivity problem. And I think it's just the first example of the types of things that we want to drive out of our technology organization focused on cost.
Tim Archer: No, no. I think I'd just point you back to the comment I made. The utilization portion that was what Doug was commenting on, obviously some work dependence there on utilization to things like spares and consumables etcetera. But I made the comment which I think is also shouldn't be lost; it's in years like this the customers are looking to us to help them improve the productivity of their installed tools through upgrades and services, and so you maybe getting a little bit of a balance between those two elements of our installed base business and that's why even in face of this business we're telling you we'll deliver a record year in installed base.
Tim Archer: No, we're still tracking to where we want to be relative to the growth drivers in this business. You're right, if the growth of chambers slows there will be a lag effect to the growth of the installed base business but we're still feel really good about where we're headed here.
Tim Archer: Yes, that was the announcement whether it is manufacturing and manufacturing right now high-volume in manufacturing.
Tim Archer: Well, if you mean specifically the impact of the tariffs on Lam results -- what we have said is that we've been able to mitigate close to the point that they are included and reported in our financials and their part of our guidance and then I would say that they have been very minimal impact at this point.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. We have been -- I mean where do we look at, I mean, we're said in constant contact with our customers. The message we delivered today and are delivering on this call is that there a year is playing out pretty much as we stated on the last call which is we cheese no meaningful recovery in Memory spending through this year. And we exit with supply growth meaningfully below the long-term demand both in DRAM and NAND. And so we have said 2019 is a year in nature kind of the balance of supply and demand and then inventory issues gets resolved in away that we exit the year and are set up for a much stronger outlook in 2020. That's what we said in January. I guess I'd say we just are a reiterating that we still see it playing out that way. And that's how we're looking at it.
