Martin Anstice: Thank you, Tina, and thank you all for joining us today. Lam delivered results stronger than targeted for the September quarter with revenues gross margin and EPS all exceeding the midpoint of our guidance. In addition consistent with the commentary made during our last earnings call, we are forecasting the December quarter up sequentially and we would still characterize based on engagements with our customers in our markets and outlook for the first half of 2019 that is somewhat stronger than the second half of 2018. In aggregate there has been more semiconductor capital investment volatility both upside and downside in 2017 and 2018 than in the recent prior years and that is only extenuated by broader macro headlines such as trade, tariffs and interest rates. Despite this context, we remain very excited by the long-term drivers for data economy enablement from the world of silicon and the complements of our products and services portfolio to the technology roadmap of the industry. In our opinion, next generation device and systems architectures, the expansion of the materials in chip design and manufacturing creates compelling opportunities for our strength in etch and deposition. We remain committed to invest and innovate for the success of our customers and our company. As always the performance of Lam is defined by customer trust and employee commitments to our vision and values. We sincerely appreciate that partnership the opportunity created and the numerous contributions made. Since our July update, current year WFE expectations continue to track up slightly year-over-year although to a modestly reduced extent. At a segment level 2018, WFE looks a little stronger in logic, a little weaker in NAND and foundry to the assumptions we made three months back. With customer and Lam performance consistent with our December quarter revenue guidance provided today, calendar 2018 would represents a healthy revenue growth year of 14% for the company with profit performance marginally stronger versus the calendar year 2017 benchmark. In deposition, we continue to see evidence of Lam’s growing strategic relevance to the success of our customers with key penetrations of new films for patterning, new specialty applications for 3D NAND and deeper partnership models emerging for 3D NAND applications. In etch perhaps our most critical area of focus in 3D NAND is the continued enablement of customers increasingly challenging technology roadmaps where we continue to strengthen our leading capabilities in high aspect ratio applications. Our solutions are invested in customers’ vision for continued 3D NAND scaling targeted to accelerate demand elasticity in their markets for the next several years. Combined etch and deposition market share penetration and defense activity is a net positive so far for Lam in calendar 2018. Fundamental to the quality and sustainability of Lam earnings is the performance delivered by our Customer Support Business Group. Our installed base business has grown year-to-date at a pace more than two times faster than our installed base unit growth during the same period. Our worldwide process chamber counts now exceed 55,000 units compared to 36,000 units at the end of 2014 and this is the foundation for ongoing spares, service and upgrade revenues. We are increasingly focused on value creation for our customers through investments made in equipment intelligence products. We are providing performance enhancement in areas such as tool analytics, preventive maintenance and chamber matching to enhance productivity for our customers and create opportunity for Lam. In addition driven by our customers aspirations of better asset utilization in addressing the non-leading edge and also the emergence of new IoT and MEMS silicon opportunities, our reliance business recorded calendar year-to-date growth of more than 35% versus the same period in 2017, a good illustration we believe of Lam’s ability to be flexible in addressing the full scope of our market opportunities. In closing, the September quarter and our outlook on December are largely as we shared with you last earnings call and should deliver more than $3 billion in cash from operations this year. We remain focused on investing in our profitable growth objectives at the same time delivering value through a balanced cash redistribution to shareholders. In this regard incorporating December 2018 quarter guidance provided today, year-over-year operating expenses increased by 9% with 75% of that growth focused on R&D and our fully diluted quarterly share count reduces by approximately 10% end of year 2018 versus end of year 2017. We anticipate a healthy long-term opportunity for our customers and our company both with continued attention placed on strategies intended to deliver targeted returns on the investments that each market participant makes. With that I’ll turn the call over to Doug.
Martin Anstice: Yes needless to say we’re much more qualified to speak to our business than we are kind of like the overall kind of WFE headlines. So, when we think about kind of calendar 2019, obviously there has been some continuous, I would say, muting of investment expectations primarily in NAND flash since our last earnings call. We’re looking at 14 new projects next year, fab projects next year. And I would expect honestly in the second half 2018 to first half 2019 comparison, that our revenue levels will be incrementally higher in DRAM logic other including image sensors to your points and also foundry. I would expect NAND to be down half, over half, second half 2018, compared to first half 2019. Relative to the proportion of our kind of revenue headlines that is the spares and services, the installed base business, obviously it’s a very important part of the economics of the company. And we’ve given some color today on the pace of growth of that business by referencing the installed base and the annuity that comes with it and it’s an important part of the value proposition here. But I would say our headlines for first half WFE are through the systems’ headlines for the markets and the customers that we have. So hopefully that helps C. J.
Martin Anstice: Yes you see you’re too used to C. J. these memory companies with 40% to 50% operating income, that it tainted you.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean lot of questions here. So at a fundamental level no real change in our long-term outlook and that’s a commentary on capital intensity needed for the industry. And we floated at $70 billion reference at the Flash Summit conference a year back, I think maybe repeated again this year actually, so two years in a row same message. I’m not sure we’ve ever really offered an opinion about efficiency of one node or another, but I would certainly align to the fact that’s the challenges gets more complex over time as aspect ratios increase, which is a big part of the opportunity for us. That’s where we’re strong and differentiated. So I think that trends well. And we don’t see the opportunity for 3D NAND as a once in a lifetime gig or a one time event, right? Clearly there were some transitional investments associated with playing a capacity to 3D, there are also investments associated with one generation 3D to next and we did a pine in earlier disclosure that over the next five years I think we expect about 1 million wafer starts per month of incremental capacity to get brought to the system associated with the long-term outlook for nonvolatile memory in this world of data. So from an industry point of view more or less the same. And I guess the one thing I didn’t say is independent of what your view is, good or bad, you should recognize that the segments of action deposition are entirely central and fundamental to that transition. And so, if everybody does well or everybody has opportunity, we should have more and if nobody does so well we should outperform. So that’s an important headline as well.
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean, I think that’s a very important question and quite a complicated one. Clearly there’s a relationship of pricing to investment levels. And I would say that in two ways. The first one is, ASPs should reflect supply and demand balance of capacity. So to the extent the prices are going up or going down, there’s an implied message around the need to add capacity or the needs to kind of reign in capacity. So, that’s been the world we’ve lived in for many, many, many years. What’s a little different today is that pricing is not actually a great leading indicator right now of the customer’s ability to afford to make investments. So back to my rather amusing response to Tim’s earlier question, when the memory companies are making 40% to 50% profits when DRAM is $100 billion business, when flash has grown in the way that it has the sustainability of investments is clearly enabled in ways that wasn’t true three or five years ago. Now having said all of that, I think our customer spends money adding capacity when they have demand from their customers to ship devices. So I don’t think people get carried away at any level these days. So it’s a bit more complicated than it used to be. Pricing is relevant to help you understand supply and demand, but it’s not so relevant in assessing sustainability and the customer’s ability to make capacity or technology related investments. So good luck with your modeling, I guess.
Martin Anstice: Well, we are – if anything, we’re super consistent, right? So my approach has always been to describe what I see and we’ve done that. And we’ll always do that. Good or bad, we’ll tell how we see it. And so, we’ve offered perspective that says December is stronger than September and we expect the first half of next year to be stronger than the second half of this year. And of course we might be wrong. And you have to kind of judge the confidence level of our disclosure and kind of move forward, I guess. So best I can offer you.
Martin Anstice: Technically it’s too early for us to answer that question. It’s pretty customary that we have a response to that in the January earnings call. But fair question, I don’t have the crystal ball, so I can’t answer it with the same level of confidence, so I can answer the near-term questions. But a very interview question might be how do I feel today about the $100 billion two year reference that’s been floated around for the last kind of few months. It’s not a bad reference. We’re trending a tweak below that right now to our analytics. But we’ve trended a little above it at times and a little below and I can’t really tell you what the variability is around it. But that would probably be the best I could give you at this point in time.
Martin Anstice: But I don’t think our fundamental view on China is any different today than it was for the last couple of years. I mean, it’s clearly an ambitious, but in our opinion, quite rational strategic agenda. And as each quarter passes there’s more substance to what they’re doing and we don’t have anything more to add than what I think they’re speaking to in the public markets on their. And obviously independent of all of that the long-term market participants are also investing for next-generation device architectures and market share growth and so on and so forth. So, I mean, it’s a global system and that’s what we respond to. But I think it’s likely that the investment level in China increases in absolutes and proportional terms next year per Doug’s response.
Martin Anstice: Wow. I’m not showing that, but I’ll answer that. I mean I would say everything moves faster. So, I think our customers adjust faster and therefore that’s probably true on the upside as much as it is on the downside. We’re a big part of feeding variability along with other market participants for the economics of their business. And I think they take actions anticipating risks as much as ever and that’s a lot more than would be true five or 10 years ago when action would get taken when there was a clear problem statement. So yes, there are supply and demand imbalances that are getting adjusted too. There’s also proactive actions to manage the risk of that. So that’s a good thing I think in the long-term.
Martin Anstice: I mean it kind of gets to this – it gets to the message that the secular headlines for us feel like they’re more important than stronger than the cyclical launch, but you have to make your own decision I guess.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think we’ve been talking to the subject of diversification now for, it’s kind of three or four years. No question we’re more diversified today than we were. I think we’ve tried to reinforce that message even more than talking about share gains in foundry and share gains in logic by speaking to the SAM expansion headlines. And in the last kind of the year or so, we’ve segwayed into the installed base business of the company, which is not only a great asset relative to creating an opportunity for competitive differentiation in the core systems products of the company, it’s a source of revenue and profit growth at a rate that is faster than the pace of growing our installed base. I mean there’s a massive difference between 55,000 process chambers and 36,000 process chambers relative to the annuity. So that’s all kind of in the mix as well. So, the business is more or less as we had anticipated slightly muted to the expectations of three months ago. But not that much different, I mean, I actually think our calendar 18 WFE number is 98% or 99% exactly what it was three months ago. So, I mean, that’s kind of basic headline there and we’ve expressed an outlook for the first half of next year and we’re not going to put numbers on it now. We’ll kind of deal with that in January. So that will be the time when we or you become some obvious disclosure from the Lam.
Martin Anstice: Well, in the calendar year, there’s not so much sensitivity, because in general, when we ship a system to customer, it has a 12-month warranty, so it’s kind of on our dime during that period. The single biggest influence over the size of the installed base businesses, the number of kind of units in the installed base for which we disclosed and then the utilization of fabs. So if you – if we show up in the worlds with the WFE reduction that you’ve just characterized and there is no change in utilization of the installed base, then there’s no consequence. If the utilization of the installed base goes up, you’re likely to see accelerated growth and if the installed base utilization goes down, you see a contraction and spares of service business in the industry. So, our assumption is in the context of customers have done a really good job kind of managing this issue, utilizations will run pretty high and we have no reason to be anxious about a dip in our installed base revenues. In an independent world, as spoken to you for some time now, a little bit here today in prepared comments, we are perpetually building a portfolio of installed base productivity related products and service offerings and invested in contributing more to the success of our customers and creating opportunity for Lam. So, there’s some things in our control and some things that are out of our control.
Martin Anstice: Perfectly normal timing where it will give you more color on next year would be in next quarter’s earnings call. It’s just a little bit too early for us to give on the specificity you’re asking for.
Martin Anstice: I haven’t written down on a piece of paper in front of me and now decided like that – I’d like to tell you. So, rank order without any numbers, I would say logic and it’s kind of other logic, which includes, the image sensor opportunities and the legacy stuff, it’s probably the fastest-growing. And DRAM is the slowest-growing and foundries probably in the middle. That would be kind of – and I’m not speaking to kind of industry level here, I’m just characterizing the revenue kind of outlook for Lam, and as I said, NAND’s contractions, so that will be our rank order.
Martin Anstice: Yes. It’s like pretty early to be having those conversations. So, take it for what it’s worth at this point.
Martin Anstice: Was never linear as it’s a tough question to answer. But a couple of data points. So, when we talk about kind of penetration defense activities this year, we’re actually talking more about the economics that will play out a year from now or maybe even in 2020, right, because there’s a leading a timeframe on DTOR decisions and PTOR decisions and you might remember that in the last earnings call, I think I made referenced to the fact that there were tons of decisions in relative terms in the second half of this year compared to the first half of this year. So, that’s kind of a loss still ahead of us. So, fair game for you to ask the same question to me to try and answer it in January. So far, again, we don’t – we never think though that we defend everything, but we have a net positive to forward-looking kind of economics from the penetrations and defenses in the first nine months of this year. So pretty, pretty pleased.
Martin Anstice: Well, we have a view, but I think the view of our customers again, is worth a lot more than ours. I mean it’s all about supply and demand, and our customers have taken action, I would argue proactively as much as reactively. And so everything moves pretty fast these days. So again, customer’s disclosure is worth a lot more than ours on ASPs of devices.
Martin Anstice: Yes. To the best of my knowledge, nothing’s really changing directly related to that, although I’ve kind of heard a few statements and read a few things quoted about customers’ kind of referencing terrorists or the costs of terrorists when it comes to the pace at which they’re making investments. In fact, I think I read one today out of Taiwan. So, I’m sure it’s not irrelevant. I mean, to the extent that a company has more of costs, because of terrorists and we probably all do at some level. There is a consequence of that and there is a reprioritization of things in the company. So, not irrelevance, but hard for us to kind of directly correlates. I’m just conscious that I’m seeing statements and I’m hearing some things. And so it’s in the mix of the outlook that we’ve described today.
Martin Anstice: It’s mostly as originally planned. I don’t think it’s a massive kind of statements. So, there are not so many industry participants in any segment these days. So, you probably got a sense of who is chasing who and who is investing where for what purpose. So, I think it was pretty much originally as consistent with plan.
Martin Anstice: I’m not – I’m not sure that’s actually true. I think for the last couple of quarters you have perspective some times quantitative and some times qualitative on the progression for a couple of quarters including today. So, it’s pretty hard to do what we’re doing and as many people characterize that we don’t have the visibility to say what we currently say as those to do. So take it for what it’s worth, we’re doing the best we can.
Doug Bettinger: But, C. J. to more directly ask you question, at these revenue levels kind of high 20s, you just saw us print 27 and guide 27.5, and as things recover and get stronger, you’ll see us kind of inch our way towards that low 30s level. That’s the right way to be thinking about things. There will be variability in spending. And one of the things I’ve purposefully pointed out is the March quarter is a 14-week quarter, so there’s an extra work week in there. And I’ll remind you that in the first half of the year you get certain spending coming back in like payroll taxes and things like that. So don’t forget those things as you’re modeling the next couple of quarters. But hopefully that answered your question.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I mean, Tim it’s always an ongoing conversation at a board level. We described when we first launched this current authorization at 12 to 18 month timeframe, maybe we’ve gotten through it a little sooner. I did purposefully point out that those ASRs are going to execute kind over a six month timeframe or not out of the market even though all the cash got deployed. When I have something to update you on, I’ll update you relative to what we’re going to do in the future. Obviously it’s something we’re going to be talking about, but I don’t have anything to tell you today.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I just guided you that December number of 163 million. I didn’t give you anything for March and we only guide one quarter at a time, Tim, so.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, probably. As you observed from Flash Memory, the NAND guys in China were a little more visible, maybe a little more confident there. But I think they’re both going to increment…
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean Joe, I’ve pointed it out, because it was an uptick from the local guys and I want them to let you know that. I don’t know you’re going to see that every single quarter in fact, I know you won’t. And interestingly, when I look at kind of who the customers are, and I won’t name them by name that there was relative balance between foundry as well as memory.
Doug Bettinger: Actually in logic, you’re right, Martin. So, it was – it was a strong quarter for us in China and it was a balanced quarter. I mean, my take on this thing answer is, we tend to talk about collectively two or three – two or three core domestic participants in China. Reality is, there are kind of six or seven.
Doug Bettinger: And some of them are active at 300, some of them are interactive at 200 millimeter, some of them are active at leading edge technologies and some less leading edge, but there’s a fairly meaningful population that doesn’t maybe get fully internalized.
Doug Bettinger: Well, even though the cash like I said, Romit, the cash got all committed. We’re still in the market through these structured products, so…
Doug Bettinger: And that was purposeful, right, taken a view of pricing, where things were at and wanting to get on with it. But the way this generally works is Martin and I all agree, here is what we think we should do. We’ll go on and we’ll have a conversation with the board and the board will have opinions. So, we’ll modify it and when we have a decision, we will communicate it to you and we’re not at that point yet.
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, it’s a different physical factor in a different location. So, there’s not a lot of leverage from a labor standpoint and we have to invest in manufacturing, the parts for manufacturing. So, it’s all goodness at the end of the day, it’s supporting a higher installed base and we got to make investments for that.
Doug Bettinger: Well, technically we have an extra week to shift product, Mehdi, I don’t know that it’s going to meaningfully move the revenue number. I do know definitively, it will impact the expenses. we’ll give you the hard guide when we did get the end of the quarter though.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, yes. We’re done talking about shipments publicly; revenue is all we’re going to be describing now. You can do analytics on whatever you want to get shipments, but at the end of the day, given the change in the revenue recognition timing, revenue is what we’re going to be talking about.
Doug Bettinger: We’ll think about it, Mehdi. I mean at the end of the day, we tried to describe what we think is important for you to understand what’s going on in the business. There’s still just a large amount of the business in any one quarter that’s turns based. And to me, backlog isn’t that meaningful, for services, it’s certainly as just Martin said. So, we’ll give you some thought.
