Martin Anstice: Krish, as is customary for us, we really don't comment specifically about quarter to quarter transitions and inflections. What we’ve tried to provide some perspective on today are some very significant and underpinning market references for you and for us as a company and whether it's a very favorable outlook relative to a universally adopted 3D NAND transition at this point or perhaps more specifically to the company, our share momentum in logic and in foundry, we feel like the objectives for the company that are currently defined by the long-term financial model, we are executing kind of well within that, maybe a little ahead of that and certainly the expectations we have at this point for calendar 2017 slightly stronger with a bias to memory compared to this year, which bodes well for outperformance for Lam.
Martin Anstice: I think our viewpoint is a bit of both. I mean there's density on wafer for sure, but our view is even in the time horizon of calendar 2017, we end calendar 2017 with more wafer starts than we began the year. And just in context, the 700 reference that I think most people have for next year now when they describe the shift 3D NAND capacity by the end of calendar 2017, that 700 probably qualified as 600, that 600 is probably no more than 40% of the install base as 3D NAND capable. So we are in the very early stages of a multiyear transition and we think that's a pretty compelling part of the Lam Research story.
Martin Anstice: On the basis that I think from the beginning of this year, I was the idiot of the industry that was talking about the stronger second half. I'm going to reserve judgment and claim that it's too early to have commentary on the first and second half next year. I mean we’ve kind of put on the table for you, a reference for higher WFE, I think, it's kind of modest. It's probably a single-digit increment year-over-year and there are a lot of moving parts that could potentially make it a very evenly distributed year, make it first half a little stronger and make it second half a little stronger. So, more – more maybe in the analyst meeting, much more – likely more commentary on first half, second half early next year.
Martin Anstice: We got kind of a couple of ways to answer that. One of them is take a look at the long-term financial model that will be updated in November for you at least as far as kind of giving you at least another year of visibility in terms of our expectations. Another reference for the company is the stated ambition from a market share growth perspective. So we've got two references for you, we've got the long-term market share growth with 3 to 5 percentage point references, we’ve talked about many times 1 to 2 percentage points through technology nodes and there's also a commentary on SAM expansion. And the headline for the company, if you go back to a 2012 reference point is, we had a portfolio of products that was competing for about 25% or so of wafer fabrication equipment spending. That's in the 33%, 34% range probably this year and we expect in excess of 35% to be the competitive reference point for us, the proportion of WFE that we're competing for with our portfolio next year. Some part of that is a commentary on the product portfolio of the company as we invest and make available more product to our customers and some part of it is the technology inflection in patterning and 3D NAND, which has a natural bias to the etch and deposition segments of WFE.
Martin Anstice: It's kind of really hard to kind give opinion on kind of pull or push. I mean the reality is the year is a little stronger than we expected when we last talked to you in our earnings call and it's a little stronger in 3D NAND and also in foundry. So if that's your definition of kind of pull and I guess the answer to your question is yes. But are we communicating to you an expectation that this is pull that is over exuberant and it’s a risk of creating a whole shortly, I think the answer to that question is no. We see compelling value propositions in 3D NAND and compelling value propositions in the 10 and 7 nanometer logic foundry investments. They are going to go up and down a little bit quarter to quarter and pull in and push out, but fundamentally the long-term headline is the most relevant one as far as the value of our company is concerned.
Martin Anstice: I don't know C.J., it's terrifically difficult to answer a question like that, it has so many moving parts. This year is a headwind most significantly because of memory and logic foundry kind of spend mix for the company. At a 3D NAND level, the story is really positive for the company in conversions and vertical scaling, but it's also really positive compared to overall WFE and greenfield as well. So probably it gets a little bit better as people step from greenfield to conversion, but it's really hard to give you a simple answer to a very complex modeling question.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, C.J. a little bit of it might be some aspect in new products, but more importantly it's a fact that we've been growing shipments fairly consistently and when you have a profile where shipments are on a growth trajectory, deferred revenue typically builds and revenue lags as a result. When shipments level off, you will see revenue then catch up with shipments. So that's the way you should expect that the fact that shipments have been outpacing revenue is why deferred revenue was built.
Martin Anstice: I guess one of the advantages of the gray hair I have is I know how to answer that question now. So I don't even try to argue or defend or rationalize or justify because as we’ve said many times, Tim, we understand our SAM really well. We understand our share of SAM really well. We don't understand frankly speaking the SAM of – the rest of the industry for products that we don't have and we just kind of back into a WFE reference to the best of our abilities. So I don't really have an ability to kind defend, argue, answer a question about WFE because it's just kind of an extension of a very well thought through SAM and quite exactly what the cycles of spending are for other parts and quite exactly what their pricing strategies are, I guess you got to ask everybody in industry to kind of pull it all together. Our view is the best one we’ve articulated.
Martin Anstice: I think yes is the answer to that question. I'm sure every customer in the world is working to make more productive their planar capacity particularly in the context at the end of this year the majority of the install base for NAND is still a planar capable investment. But certainly I think kind of the growth of the industry and the chosen technology that is now kind of universally adopted has the focus on 3D NAND.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean, at a company level, obviously, there are two basic headlines. One of them is the proportion of WFE that we're competing for, which to my earlier answer is kind of transitioned from the 25% level to the 35% level since 2012. So we're competing for $3 billion more business each year if you just want to pick a $30 billion WFE reference. We're competing for $3.5 billion if you want to pick a $35 billion reference. And some part of that is a product portfolio message to the company and some part of it is the technology inflection the patterning and 3D NAND or 3D device architecture transitions for the industry. That's kind of message number one. And message number two is share gain. And we've had some pretty significant messages on share gain. We talk to you in our last earnings call, if my memory serves me right about double-digit share gain in the planar to 3D NAND transition and we’ve talked today about a fairly unique story we think in the industry in the logic and foundry space at least as best we can analyze were one of very few companies that has demonstrated share gain in logic foundry combined in recent technology node transitions and we are just beginning to see the evidence of that show up in our financial statements.
Martin Anstice: Well, I mean the overall kind of story for the company in 3D NAND, we are targeting to be more positive proportionately next year than this year and that's a commentary on our best understanding of the conversion strategies of our customers and our targets and plans to systematically introduce more products to compete for more SAM and to make more competitive the products that we have to get a bigger share of it. Now there are no kind of pendulum swings in this industry, it's pretty rare that you accomplish major swings in any one year. And so I think the performance of the company will be a continuation if we keep executing of the last couple of years and that continues to be our focus.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean, obviously, you have to ask them not us, but clearly the opportunity that exists from demonstrated performance benefits at the 10 and 7 nanometer technology nodes make it a very strategic and legitimate target for every foundry and certainly from the seat we have. Everybody is focused on doing their best to get their fair share, however, they define that technology inflection and none of this is easy, and so we support all of our customers and whatever ambition they have to the best of our abilities. So I sense people are broadly focused on it in doing the best they can.
Martin Anstice: Yes I think for sure there are ambitious plans stated and there are active discussions I think between customers and potential new domestic customers in China with Lam and presumably with every other equipment company. Our position and presence in China is historically very strong in etch and deposition both. I think we have kind of good platform and as best we can tell there are up to 20 active projects certainly that we are focused on tracking in China and I think the spending or at least the significant spending is more likely to be a calendar 2018 statement then calendar 2017 but I think there's a decent amount of statements that towards the end of 2017 we could start seeing something emerge. So that's the best I can give you at this point.
Martin Anstice: I think you just did a pretty job answering your own question. Clearly, the single biggest SAM expansion in foundry logic is patenting. We got some pretty important headlines that a company unique I think relative to microprocessor share gain momentum. And our presence in share gain our both etch and deposition and they are frontend and back end as far as interconnect as well as [indiscernible] footprint. So pretty holistic, pretty comprehensive and patenting is obviously a key driver. 
Martin Anstice: I say our view and it's still forming. We are a long way from being definitive on it. We said kind of flattish to maybe slightly down is the reference we have for Foundry. We do expect that 28 nanometer and above investments in 2017 will be greater than they were in 2016, but to your point, that's a capacity addition that is much cheaper than a leading-edge capacity addition. Whether it turns out to be sufficient to make a neutral or grow kind of time will tell. As best I can tell from customer disclosure, there's kind of a common view that capital intensity in foundry is assumed to be kind of flattish and certainly we are not a position to message any different from that. There's clearly a large amount of investment going in this year for 10 and commitments and significant interest in what I think now is generally accepted to be more valuable and probably more significant technology now to 7 and that looks like that's more of a second-half statement than first half at this point. 
Martin Anstice: Well, certainly systems integration and packaging are very prominent parts of the strategies of our customers to overcome the limitations of physics in the frontend. And I think demonstrated performance and cost benefits showing up there. It's one of four technology inflections that we identified three or four years ago now that are relevant to the future of our company. It was then and still is the smaller of the four, but as time passes the through-silicon via etch position and strength that we have becomes more valuable and obviously the presence of the company in interconnect, copper position is also very strong. So over time I would expect the advanced packaging SAM to be more relevant and I think you know from prior disclosure where we are strong and where we are not.
Martin Anstice: I would say not as strong right now as it has been but reasonable evidence that strength is beginning to emerge. So whether that's the first half or second half kind of reality, we will see.
Martin Anstice: I think it’s more of a no transition statements. I mean arguably there are kind of 50,000 wafer starts per month contractions in one year and maybe additions in another year. And if I were to place a bet I would say we probably end next year at or about the same in terms of wafer starts that we began the year. But as you know, this has been a year of significantly reduced spending. Our estimate is the DRAM investment is down 40% this year. By the end of this year, we believe that approximately 50% of the installed base is 20-nanometer capable. So there's a pretty significant opportunity for value creation for the customers in terms of cost-reduction and performance from continued conversion. And as is also true, the 1x world for DRAM is just beginning in calendar 2016 and we think we will be the primary change to the installed base in calendar 2017. And if I were to guess, I would guess that at the end of next year about half of the installed base in DRAM is the 20-nanometer, maybe a quarter of the installed base is 1x and a quarter of the installed base is 25 or above. So I think that's approximate segmentation of the 1.1 million wafer starts depending on how you calculate it is kind of what we're looking at right now. 
Martin Anstice: I said just on the 700, I said that was kind of the shift capacity statement that we're coming up with and I’m seeing other people say the same thing slightly above 700 and that compares with the 425 that I referred to today in my prepared comments for the end of calendar 2016. And our estimate is that probably there's about 100 or slightly more than 100,000 wafer starts unqualified at the end of this year, probably a similar number at the end of next year and obviously that exists in the context of 1.5 million wafer starts per month of capacity by the end of next year. So a little bit more capacity and a lot more 3D NAND but in relative terms still 3D NAND installed base is the minority of the installed base by the end of next year.
Martin Anstice: I'm not sure I have something to hands to answer that question, Harlan. I apologize. Obviously at a macro level when we last reported our $3 billion SAM reference, we framed the SAM growth opportunity in DRAM at the 50% to 60% level through calendar 2018. And in the patenting area specifically which is the single biggest kind of market expansion in DRAM that's relevant to our company, we characterized 15 to 25 steps at 20-nanometer going to 25 to 30 steps at 1x. So that's about as helpful as they can be at this moment and we will take that question as long as well as I think it was CJ's question earlier around the SAM for each of the three NANDs implementation scenarios and we will try to get some more information for you at the analyst meeting.
Martin Anstice: Yes. We actually have more flexibility than perhaps you realize. It takes a huge amount of effort so these are not kind of five minute investments. We are constantly assessing not just capacity in our own factories but our supply chain and in our field service organizations for the installation because if you can make something we can’t install it you have a problem, if you can install it but not make it you have a problem, if you can make it but not buy it you have a problem. A lot of effort focused on that. We have nor will we ever have disclosure that speaks to the maximum capacity of the company but it is more flexible. We are challenging and stretching the entire company to be honest, but we believe we are executing with appropriate discipline and we are making investments to make sure that we have capacity to meet the expectations of our customers and continue to position the company for sustainable growth. So lots of moving parts, very complex, but we feel like we are doing a pretty good job all things considered.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, Harlan, we have a phenomenal supply chain organization. These guys are just super good at what they do. So the execution of the company has been really, really good from those guys.
Martin Anstice: I think in context again just to kind of put some more substance around what Doug just said, our long-term model for calendar 2015 and 2016 in a world of $35 billion WFE, which we think is greater than the world’s we are actually living in. We said we would aim for $5.8 billion to $6.3 billion revenue range. The sum of our quarter results and guidance are at $6.3 billion. So, at a revenue level, there's commentary on SAM and share, we are performing higher than we indicated in our long-term financial model. In terms of targeted profitability levels, which includes gross margin and the investments in operating expenses and as we said many times, our focus more is [59:30] and gross margin. Our long-term model said, we were targeting a 22 percentage point operating income and the sum of the results and guidance we’ve just given a 23%. The long-term model also said there was a range of EPS targeted between $6 and $6.75 and by the way a lower share count because when we put the model out, we weren't signaling to you that we would be in essentially a blackout period for 12 months because of the KLA transaction, but against that $6 to $6.75 EPS reference, sum of our results and guidance today are about $7 dollars. So, I kind of would like you in context if I may ask for that, I think the company's performance financially is really nicely balancing growth and profitability and the trick here is balance. It is super easy to drive profitability up and not grow. It is really hard to architect a vision and then perform consistent with delivering profitable growth that's our vision. And that is what we believe we are executing and delivering and, of course, if you remember of Lam Research, long may that continue.
Martin Anstice: As I know that you know Patrick nothing is quite as simple as it just transfers, but obviously demonstrated performance at 10 nanometer for [61:36] one is a very strong reference point for selection at 7 and we feel very confident about that. We are investing to achieve more than – more market share at 7 than we have at 10 and I believe there are some pretty compelling reasons why we can deliver that. Again consistent with our long-term aspirations of the 3 to 5 and 4 to 8 percentage points that we have for each of the product lines of the company.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim, why don’t you come see me on November 18, I'll give you some clarity at that point. I don't have anything to tell you until then.
Doug Bettinger: I would just point out that we're continuing to see nice investment profiles at 28-nanometer and above, and obviously that stuff is much broader based.
Doug Bettinger: It’s still kind of early for us to have a formulated view on 2017 as we get closer to 2017 itself and we would normally give you more color when we are a quarter further down the road, so check back with us in a quarter, we will give you an updated view.
Doug Bettinger: Toshiya, I would just point you back to the existing disclosed financial model, it’s the best way to be thinking about the company and, obviously, I will give you an update on that when we get to November 18. We are not going to apologize for a 30 basis point -- slight below midpoint on gross margin, it’s really hard with all the moving parts and different customer mix, things you have going on, there is always going to be variability. And we’ve been pretty consistently in that 45 to mid-46 gross margin range and that's kind of where the business runs. It runs pretty effectively.
