Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Tim, we don't decompose the individual components of the guide. I was clarifying, we now expect [indiscernible] to be up a little bit for the year. It was particularly strong in the June quarter. Whether it is up, down or sideways from that as we go forward. I'm not going to give you individual components of the forecast. But I do think for the year, it's going to grow a little bit.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, sure. Krish, I'll just remind you what we said last quarter. It hasn't really changed in this quarter and what that statement was that for the year, 2023-2024, China is up. However, it is a somewhat first half weighted year this year as opposed to last year, it was somewhat second half weighted. I'm not communicating, hey, it's going away. It's not going away. It's just the spending because sometimes these customers are a little bit bigger than a bread box, it can be a little bit lumpy and that's very much what we're seeing in China. I'm not ready to tell you exactly what next year looks like from the China region. But I do think it's going to be a pretty solid year, right? Again, it's not going away. It's too soon for us to quantify things for next year, but 25% should be a pretty decent year in China, Krish.
Douglas Bettinger: I'm not going to give you a number, Chris, but I've been signaling for a while that because of customer mix, margin will have a little bit of some headwind going into the second half of the year. I just guided you to 47% in September and suggested that there might be a little bit of incremental headwind into December because of customer mix is what I said in the script.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, CJ, I mean, you've alluded to some of the things that move gross margin on, obviously. Yes, I had previously anchored you and other with respect to that June quarter before the China mix improved or strengthened, I guess, maybe not improved. As the baseline -- I guided it down a little bit in September, described customer mix softening a little bit relative to moving that. And I'm not suggesting, hey, a little bit more in December potentially. It's all about customer mix. Too soon for me to guide you for next year, but the things you should be thinking about is what does that customer mix look like next year? I'm not sure yet, and I'm not ready to point you to numbers, but what we will begin to show up in a more significant fashion is the accretion for -- from those Asia factories as we ramp output, that will be a benefit to gross margins. So those are the moving pieces to be thinking about. The customer mix, I'm not entirely sure, but as we see a likely WFE environment next year, that's somewhat stronger, increasingly, the incremental volume will be supported from those Asia factories, which should be beneficial to gross margin CJ.
Douglas Bettinger: It probably hasn't changed much, Stacy. This is Doug. Maybe a little bit better. We're certainly see a little bit of an uptick in utilization. But I don't think it's meaningfully different, Stacy.
Douglas Bettinger: Harlan, maturing that stuff is still pretty soft, frankly. And I think you understand what's going on. If you just listen to everybody else's earnings calls in the analog, industrial, automotive space. There's still a lot of inventory out there, it's still relatively soft. The statements we're making on utilization have more to do with what we're seeing in the memory fabs, quite frankly.
Douglas Bettinger: Maybe I'll take that one first, and then I'll let Tim comment on the 3.0 stuff. Yes, you might have missed my scripted statements. As we sit here today, we now expect that for 2024 CSBG, the word I used was modestly grow this year versus last year. And part of that is, we saw particular strength in the June quarter in Reliant. Little bit of an improvement in spares. And as we think about the utilization trends that are likely occurring with our memory customers, I think spares continues to be decent and we're optimistic that we'll start to see some of the upgrade spend that we've been talking about for a while. And I'll hand it over to Tim on the 3.0 stuff.
Douglas Bettinger: I don't know, Blayne, that I'm trying to communicate anything any different than we said on the last call, to be honest with you. We described this year as somewhat first half weighted, really no change to that. The June quarter was maybe a little tiny bit stronger in China, but only a little tiny bit. It's too soon for me to -- for us to quantify 2025. But what I would tell you is, I expect next year to be a solid year in terms of spending in China. I'm not going to give you a number yet, because I'm not completely sure. But what I wouldn't want anybody to think is, it's going away because it's not.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. I think NAND spending next year has to be greater than it is this year, right? We're off two years of quite low spending in NAND. I don't know at what magnitude. I expect next year -- we expect next year, you're going to see a lot of upgrades in NAND. But too soon for us to give you a number, but I would be shocked if it's not stronger than it is this year, it has to be.
Douglas Bettinger: Joe, if it’s just an upgrade year, spending will be lower than when capacity gets added, obviously, our share of wallet will be greater. The fact that we lost a pretty large NAND customer in the China region, hard to replace that. I'm not ready to tell you what kind of next year is relative to previous peaks. But I know next year is going to be a stronger year in NAND than it is this year for sure.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, you answered your own question, Joe. China is decent right now. Outside of China, it's pretty soft. And I think you understand what's going on, There's inventory that's built up for these inventories still need to come down in the mature node, analog, industrial automotive space and investment won't meaningfully occur until that gets adjusted. So that's kind of what's going on. You sort of answered your own question.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes. Listen, if you think back to when business declined for us last year, a big part of what fell off pretty rapidly was our NAND business. And so a lot of the inventory that we still have sitting on the balance sheet will support NAND. So when -- assuming NAND is stronger next year, and it will be, we will consume that NAND inventory that's been sitting on the balance sheet for a while. What will offset that to a certain extent is growth elsewhere, where we'll need to procure new inventory. So I'm not ready to give you an inventory forecast quite yet, but we're continuing to work as we go through the remainder of this year to kind of bring it down and then what we do with next year will depend largely on the timing of business, the mix of business, the geographic distribution of business, but we'd like to get turns back to where they historically have been and they're not there yet. So that's how you should be thinking about it, Krish.
Douglas Bettinger: Awesome, operator, I think that concludes our call. I want to thank everybody for joining us today. We look forward to seeing you at a variety of conferences and interactions as we go through the remainder of the quarter. Appreciate it.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Thanks, Tim. And as you said, we do very well in NAND. We still think NAND day is coming, as I said. We've seen some of that -- those commentaries around the enterprise SSDs, et cetera. But on the DRAM side, the reason we highlighted the progress we're making, especially in this conductor etch. One, it's a new tool we've introduced. It's new capabilities that are very exciting for the industry and really targeted towards the types of ultra small structures that are going to exist in future DRAM nodes going forward. Lam is the global leader in conductor etch. And so we're applying all of that expertise and learning we have towards future DRAM challenges. And I think there's tremendous opportunity for us on those applications, as I pointed out. The other side of it, a lot of the excitement around DRAM is related to HBM. And there, as you commented, we play extremely well with our strong position in both TSV -- etching as well as the TSV electroplating. And I think that we don't see any change in that strong position going forward. So we get the benefit both from the scaling and architectural changes that are occurring in DRAM going forward and from the advanced packaging and HBM related expansion. And all of these -- on both of those sides are multiplied by the fact that you get fewer bits per wafer. And so everybody recognizes you're going to need a lot more DRAM wafers processed going forward. And ultimately, that translates into more equipment from LAM.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Well, I don't think we're prepared to quantify it for you today. But I think that -- what my comment was, though, we see each of these inflections. And 6F2 to 4F2 is a technology inflection that brings with it some important changes. I mean, one, the architectural layout of the device itself puts additional requirements on etch, which I think we're very well suited to serve. And that's why we've been developing new conductor etch capabilities to target those new requirements. So there is some incremental opportunity there. Clearly, the jump to 3D NAND is a much bigger step-up in etch depth intensity, but our goal is to increase our SAM and grow our share at every technology node. So we look at whatever is the new requirement and how we can best address that. You also look -- as you look at DRAM going forward, another thing that's happening, whether it's 6F2 or 4F2 is the implementation of more EUV layers and how Lam plays in EUV. Again, anything where effectively pattern transfer etches, the feature sizes are getting smaller, precision is required. These are the kinds of high-tech etches that Lam excels at. And so we look at participating in those. And then on the deposition side, of course, we've talked about things like our dry EUV resist process and how that plays into EUV as DRAM and foundry logic transition from EUV to high-end AUV. And so, we're just looking at every technology node as an opportunity for us to gain.
Timothy Archer: Yes. I think you generally have it pretty correct. We had talked about the fact that some mature DRAM spending was a little bit heavily concentrated in the second half of last year through early part of this year even. And as that came off, there was some of a reset in what we would call kind of traditional or the conventional DRAM. That is being picked up at some rate by the growth in HBM, but HBM itself is still in its ramping phase. And I think that as we look into 2025 becomes an even bigger driver of wafers in DRAM. And so, I think that explains probably the profile. And I think that as we look forward to the secular driver of HBM, the impact on wafer effectively, how many wafers require us to produce that number of bits due to the dye size and due to the complexity of stacking these DRAMs means that we see DRAM demand for DRAM equipment continuing to grow through 2025 and probably well beyond that.
Timothy Archer: Sure. It's a good question. And I guess, again, reminding people that the CSBG business includes our Reliant business, which sells into mature nodes. It includes spares, it includes upgrades and services. And so each of those components move somewhat differently. And we talked about this quarter, particularly being strong as a result of Reliant and spares. We are starting to see a pickup in utilization in the memory fabs as we've talked about. And I've talked a little bit about the fact that as we look forward, we think that upgrades will begin to become a much more prominent part of our customers' WFE spending as they look to upgrade memory fabs that they really haven't been upgraded in quite some time because of the severe downturn that we've seen in that -- in those markets over the last few years. And so I do think, going forward, you see a little bit more of a balance between those different segments. Upgrades coming up stronger and spares continuing to grow simply because our installed base itself continues to get bigger. Traditionally, we would have always said that we would expect the CSBG business to grow every single year, and that's simply effective every year we ship more tools, and those tools then require services and spares and basically present new opportunities for Lam to capture revenue from those systems. So I think long-term, CSBG will be returning back to that growth and next year, probably much more biased towards the upgrades business as customers start to do brand new fab upgrades.
Timothy Archer: We haven't quantified that, but the reason I included it was simply to point out, the installed base itself becomes powerful driver of revenue during those upgrade cycles. And we do think that the next phase, we've seen higher memory fab utilization, particularly when we talked about NAND beginning to improve last quarter, and that seems to be continuing as we move through the remainder of this year. When we get to next year and the upgrades start in earnest, those tools represent opportunities for Lam to help our customers achieve both a technology upgrade and a bit cost reduction as they move forward and accrues quite a lot of revenue for Lam relative to the amount of WFE spend. I remind people, the WFE Lam's capture rate of spending in an upgrade is significantly higher because etch and deposition represents so much of the upgrade. [indiscernible] size of our installed base.
Timothy Archer: Well, Stacy, what I would say is that, obviously, we're not going to guide what NAND WFE is next year. Frankly, I think it's still a developing story. But what we're trying to say is that, as customers move to upgrades, whatever WFE is spent, Lam will be the primary beneficiary of that WFE spend. And so, that's a year in which -- my comment was, we would be confident that we would outgrow WFE in the NAND space if it was primarily upgrade spend. And upgrades represent a tremendous efficient way for customers to essentially advance their technology and lower their costs. And so, we do think that will be the next phase of NAND investment based on our thoughts.
Timothy Archer: Well, it has moved higher, and we're not going to requantify it just yet, but it is -- we're seeing very strong demand in those areas. I talked about the expansion of our global manufacturing supply chain footprint. And obviously, that's giving us more flexibility than we had during the last ramp. Our goal through all those investments was to be able to respond in this next few years of expansion better than we did in the expansion that we saw right around the time of COVID. And so, I think that, that will position us. I’m sure, you're always a little bit short when customers always drop in tools within your lead time, which keeps you busy. But I think that we're doing quite a nice job responding to the urgent request from our customers. We actually like this. I would say that generally from running the business, we like this environment where all parts of our business are a little bit supply constrained. I mean, you hear a lot of our customers talking about being cautious about adding capacity. Other customers talking about having a little trouble getting tools. I think that's a good place for us to be because it means that I think we're setting up for more manageable long-term ramp of demand than sort of a short spike followed by, again, periods of digestion that always creates a little bit of chaos in the industry.
Timothy Archer: Atif, I'll remind you that perhaps our largest customer got restricted when the regulations came out, our NAND customer in China. That customer was pretty strong in 2022, went away in 2023. So the year-over-year comparisons you're making, you've got to factor that in. And then the strength we're seeing in 2023 to 2024 is a different mix entirely, really not any NAND in China to speak of, at least not domestic China. I don't know if that helps you, but make sure you're thinking about that.
Timothy Archer: Well, I think that all of these things. When you introduce something new, I mean I think what people kind of lose sight of is. Generally, we're working several years ahead with our customers on R&D. I talked about the investments we're making where we make -- we're building labs close to our customers in different geographies. That's because, in many cases, we're engaging those customers a good five years ahead of production implementation. That's not to say Lam Cryo 3.0 is going to take five years to get into production. But it's not a technology disramping, say, this year, but it really is looking out at the needs of our customers wanted to generations out and really solving their difficult etch challenges. So sometimes when the benefits are so good, and I talked about the fact that we get about 2.5 times etch rate, tremendous profile control, customers will often pull that in sooner. But really, this is designed for kind of the 400-plus layer may ultimately end up being pulled in earlier than that, but that's where you really start to see the needs for this kind of capability.
Timothy Archer: Yes. And I think that what we -- you'll see in our press release today, we talked a little bit about -- we're trying to chart the path across not only etch, but also our deposition films towards where the industry needs to go to get to 1,000 layers, because we truly see over the next decade that that's where you want to get in terms of satisfying bit density and cost as NAND demand continues to expand with AI.
Timothy Archer: Sure, Doug. Yes. I think, obviously, what I would just start with is the biggest difference between what we're delivering with Lam Cryo 3.0 and what our competitors do is in the results on the wafer, which we talked about pretty amazing 10-micron deep holes with less than a 10-nanometer paper from the top to bottom. At etch rates that are 2.5 times conventional etching. So it's the results that are pretty amazing. We talked about the fact that the -- this is based on some new surface chemistries that are enabled in our tool -- and there's a whole combination of hardware issue -- hardware configuration and capabilities in our tool that I think allow us to achieve that result. And I can't go into all of those details today, but it is I did allude to one of them, which is on our Vantex system. The chamber design allows us to deliver a significantly higher ion energy than what is available from any other system available in the semiconductor industry. And that does play some role in etching these very, very deep near -- holes with near perfect verticality. So that's about all I can say today. .
Timothy Archer: Yes. Joe, I think that obviously, we don't know exactly what's going to happen either just as you said, and so we can't really speculate on that. I have mentioned in the last couple of calls that there are ongoing discussions all the time with the U.S. government and regulatory agencies were part of those discussions and will continue to be. I think in terms of change in behavior by any of our customers, I don't think it's something that's noticeable nor it would be something that we would be able to easily react to. We've talked about how we deal with some of these new customers that emerge with down payments and other things to make sure that we understand the -- those customers as viable customers. But beyond that, we service them like others at this point as long as we can ship to them, I would say, lead times and responsiveness from our perspective is same as we treat any customers of those size.
Timothy Archer: Yes. And Joe, I think that obviously, we're talking next year, it's very specific to the demand environment and the upgrade business in 2025. Longer term, I mean, we've laid out, in our view, is that NAND spending rises. And so it's just a matter of the time frame you're looking at. And from the standpoint of Lam's business, the etch and depth components and the complexity of tear stacking the precision that's required for implementation of QLC and PLC technologies, all of these skewed towards Lam's technical strengths and also SAM expansion opportunities. I talked about the PECVD pure carbon gap fill process, which is a new addition to the portfolio for NAND scaling technology going forward. And so, if I go back and I look at where we were in the portfolio, we had to sell, when people used to think of NAND is a very, very strong business for Lam, we've expanded that portfolio quite substantially with the gap fill, the backside stress management, the ALD oxide gap fill process plus the etch and stack debt that we've always had as well as metallization. So it's one of growth in NAND demand, but also growth in Lam's portfolio and served market as well opportunities ahead. So I think that bodes well for us once the NAND business itself starts to recover.
Timothy Archer: Yes. Thanks, Melissa. I mean we always make choices about what we do and don't include it in the prepared remarks and gate all around fell out this time, just no intended message. In fact, if I look at what happened in the quarter, Lam, again, as we've talked on previous calls, is really positioned quite nicely with our forward-looking etch and depth portfolios. We really targeted those kind of markets with new tools in selected etch, which is a market we hadn't been in before. And in fact, in the quarter, we had additional selected etch wins for gate all around at multiple customers. We targeted investment in ALD films that are specifically needed for things like spacers and gate all around, and we had additional wins in the quarter for those films. Often with gate all around, we think of those -- they are obviously different technologies, but kind of occurring at the same node, the backside power delivery. That's an area that is really right in our sweet spot in terms of deposition and etch. And in the quarter, we had wins in backside power in ALD oxide. And so I would say net-net, I mean, given those wins and what you're hearing from the end markets about the need for high-power computing demand for AI, I think the $1 billion forecast we gave you, certainly, as we move through next year would be going higher. And so, again, that's a combination of rising demand, but also a product portfolio that's both expanding and one in which we're winning share. And so, there was no message about leaving it off, but thank you for asking the question so we could get that in right at the end.
Krish Sankar: Hi, thanks for taking question. My first one is for Doug. I think, Doug, you gave some color on China. Kind of curious how to think about China into the back half of this calendar year and into calendar 2025? And along the same path, you kind of mentioned that December quarter, there could be a slight more gross margin headwind. Is there a way to quantify how much that -- how many basis points of headwind would it be in December compared to the 47% in September? And then I have a follow-up for Tim.
Krish Sankar: Got it. Got it. Thank you for that Doug. And then, Tim, just a quick follow-up. When I look at all the upcoming tech inflections, like gate all around, backside power delivery, maybe down the road [indiscernible] DRAM. You spoke within that, the transition to 4F2 DRAM from 6F2. I'm kind of curious, is this really that material? And if so, is there a way to size the opportunity for Lam at 4F2. You spoke a little bit about [100 to etch] (ph) just kind of wondering if you can give some more color around how to quantify that number for the 4F2 architecture transition. Thank you.
Krish Sankar: Hi. Thanks for taking my follow up. Doug, I just had a quick follow-up. It's a question on inventory. You spoke about bringing on inventory turns down. I was just kind of curious like how to think about inventory next year, especially you're planning for a strong WFE year in 2025? Or do you think most of this inventory would be in a bin, how to think about inventory next year? Thank you.
