Tim Archer: Yes, Tim, let me start on that and then let Doug add. I think that when we think about China investment, clearly it has been strong as we've messaged. Part of the mix story and why it's such a high percentage of our mix right now also has to do with the fact that other customers are not spending. We all know that memory and NAND in particular is at extreme lows. As we look into next year, and it's a bit too early for us to give 2024 WFE, so we're not going to do that. We think about longer term China and this overall move towards regionalization that you see people investing for long term demand in mature nodes. And so, we're not going to comment on whether we think it's sustainable in the first half or the second half of next year, but long-term, we do believe that there's growing demand in mature nodes that will drive China investment in a rather sustainable manner for the next several years.
Tim Archer: Yeah, Tim, I guess what I'd say is, we've reviewed the details of the regulations and our early assessment is we don't see any material impact to our forecasted business. Now, some of that has to do with the fact that we've already been quite restricted into what we can ship into China relative to technology engagement. And I think to your other point about tools being purchased for one node and used for another. I mean, that's something that obviously we're -- we have to follow very strict regulations to adhere to the US regulations. So I don't know that that's something that might be quite as common as what you're saying. So, but it's something that we make sure that we're fully compliant.
Tim Archer: Yeah, Harlan. What we said was that, those are the comments that obviously our customers are out talking about their business. There's clearly some time lag from when they start to see improvement in bit demand and in pricing before they start to bring some of that fab utilization back online. Our CSBG business, as we said, is affected by a couple of things. One is, clearly fab utilization are at levels that we really haven't seen in terms of how much capacity has been taken offline in the NAND space. And that's affected spares. But also, when you don't need to add bits and you're really trying to conserve your own spending, there's been quite a significant delay in technology upgrades to the install base. You have those tools offline, you're not really upgrading them at this point. So that has also hit the CSBG business in terms of our upgrades component. We anticipate that as the memory business starts to improve, which is what it seems to be the leading indicators are planning to, we would think spares would start to come back and the technology upgrades would be done. Because in that next leg of growth, customers are going to want to be able to scale on that next technology node for their own efficiency of manufacturing. So we're not seeing that yet, but the leading signs are that it will come.
Tim Archer: We'll let them talk about how much it affects their business. But from what it affects ours, I mean, everything you just said, I think we're generally aligned with, which is, we are trying to drive performance generally leads to more equipment needs and more sophisticated equipment needs. And so, we do see HBM. I talked about the uptick in our business that we've already seen from it. This appears to be an area right now that is still under-supplied, and we're seeing strong demand. And so, I don't anticipate, given the interest in AI that you hear so broadly in the industry right now, that our HBM business would grow pretty strong in the next year. To characterize our overall advanced packaging, you mentioned a couple hundred million. We basically said that we think that this could be a market in which our revenues actually exceeded $1 billion over the next -- sometime in the next fiscal years. So it is a rapidly growing part of our business. And 1 in which we have quite high share.
Tim Archer: In like a lamb, out like a lion. You know, I think that it's -- what we would say and without getting 2024 at this point, I think it is reasonable to my prior comments that I think spending will come back cautiously. And so, even though we may be seeing some of the leading indicators in some of our markets, I think people are going to want to see sustainability of that condition before we start to see significant spending. So if we were to think, and I believe that the general feeling is that 2025 is probably -- a lot of fabs opening, a lot of perhaps demand out in that timeframe. It's not unreasonable to think that you would ramp towards that as you move through 2024.
Tim Archer: And the reason for that, Krish, is that, in many of those cases, while specific tools might have been now, or technologies now, called out, they were already the types of tools that were used to produce the technologies that were below the limits that were already allowed. So we had already recognized that in our initial statement.
Tim Archer: Yeah, I mean, there's no change from what we've said before. I mean, Lam is a leader in high aspect ratio etch without a doubt. And I think that also on the last call I did point out the fact that while a lot has been made of cryo or these very cold etching conditions. This is already standard Lam condition. And so to a certain extent, many of these when we talk about our business and any impact that you talk about with throughput, those are already factored into our commentary. So it's not something that's new to us. And I think that in general, our focus in NAND has been and always will be, and memory in general, driving productivity at every technology node. That goes into our projected growth outlook that we always talk about.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think that's pretty much it. I mean, as we've said before, you also have this transition to higher buy sizes, which ultimately will be a driver of wafer outs and therefore, equipment demand and probably starting to see some of the initial phases of that right now as well.
Tim Archer: Well, obviously, since we're not guiding future quarters, I mean, I don't -- I think it's just somewhat natural in general. I mean, we've seen in certain segments, very high spend rates as companies have looked to bring on capacity to meet demand in these mature nodes. And our industry goes through digestion phases where those tools have then started going up, and you get output and you sort of figure out whether demand is there, that requires more and it's what makes our investment cycle somewhat lumpy. And I think that's what we're really looking at right now. And if long-term demand, which we believe long-term demand for semiconductors is growing, eventually, you come back and put in more capacity into those fabs as well.
Tim Archer: Yes. And Toshi, the only thing I would add is, I think this is going to be an area that I think we're going to have to sort of acceptably a little harder to forecast from the standpoint. It's also a part of the market that is impacted by a number of the different chip stack type government support activities around the world. And so, you may see as certain regions try to build up their capabilities we may not be able to point in that moment to the demand being greater than the supply, and that's why they're investing. As Doug said, this is about long-term build-out what I think everybody sees is a much bigger demand for these types of devices over all these various types of applications in automotive and IoT and CMOS image sensors, et cetera, et cetera, over time.
Tim Archer: Yes. I mean we've -- first, I'd point out the fact that it's been a long time if ever that we've seen fab utilization is quite this low. I mean our prior commentary had been that spares generally grows every year because the installed base continues to get bigger. One piece of that is true is the installed base continues to get a lot bigger. And in fact, we've said it's up more than 40% since the last cyclical downturn. And so the fact that we've seen spares and upgrades and all of these things sort of be off all at one time is pretty unique. We are anticipating that as fab utilization starts back, we'll see spares come back. And I think the one thing that will come back, and it's a little hard to predict is certain is the technology upgrade portion of this. It's been now a couple of years since any of these tools have been upgraded, and that will have to happen. In terms of your comment about offset, I think we'll -- typically, as customers start to turn the tools back on, you're probably a couple of quarters away from seeing further investments in the technology upgrades. And then I think when you're really talking about capacity adds, it's hard to predict what that time frame is because it really depends on many other factors about our customers' use of long-term demand. So I think the one thing we're certain is that we're at very low points now. We would anticipate things like utilization and spares and upgrades to start improving next year. And beyond that, I think we'll wait until January to give you a better view.
Tim Archer: Stacy, some of our visibility comes from the fact that our peer companies are reporting on the business and it’s really their markets. So as the year goes on, we try to give you a view of the whole market, but obviously, we're most accurate on the Lam business.
Tim Archer: Yes. It's a good question. It's a hard question to answer because the actual. Our view is we want more of everything. So we're not looking to reduce our position in memory just to make the mix look better. So we try hard every day. We have a fantastic position in memory, and we think there's still more to come there as over the next decade, I mean, NAND is going to scale customers saying to 1,000 layers, and that's a tremendous opportunity for Lam. DRAM going to 3D around the end of the decade, tremendous opportunity for Lam. So I'm afraid the memory side will keep growing simply because it's so well suited to our strengths. But you have heard us talk a lot about the fact that we see huge opportunity in the foundry logic side as well. And when Doug just talked about spending, I mean, I've tried to lay out for you in the last several quarters, the breadth of opportunities that are ahead of the company, many of which -- not all, but many of which are on the foundry logic side. I mean just to kind of recap some of those, I mean, the dry EUV photoresist and develop. When we said that's $1.5 billion opportunity over five years. And when you get towards the tail end of that five years, I mean, that's a revenue that's growing with the number of expanding EUV layers at every technology node after that. That's primarily foundry logic business. We talked about gate all around, about $1 billion incremental opportunity for Lam introduces opportunities to win new tools and selective etch and ALD. And so that's same expansion for us in foundry logic and opportunity to grow. We talked about advanced packaging. I mean you've already seen what's happened with not only the HBM side of AI, but also the entire formation of these big AI systems using interposers. Lam's invested now in panel processing as a way to ultimately bring down the costs of some of this chiplet -- these chiplet applications. And then finally, today, I just talked about backside power distribution as a new way of being very creative about how you use that backside of the wafer is additional real estate and it opens up a lot of new opportunities for us, and that's primarily a foundry logic application as well. And so really, what we're talking about is Lam has a long way to go to expand our SAM, especially on the foundry logic side. That's what we're investing for. And each of these is a $1 billion-plus opportunity for Lam over the next several years. And so we're pretty excited about that. But we're not giving up on our strong memory positions.
Tim Archer: Well, I think it's a -- I don't know that we've quantified that number, but it's -- it obviously is a much higher performance die than our device, and it does -- it is bigger and takes more capital. And so therefore, it's a performance-driven application. From our perspective, though, what really is interesting is that, many of the new tools that get added to enable HBM or Lam tools or tools that are in our market, things like silicon etch and copper plating for the TSV formation. And so that's what really makes it an even better transition for [indiscernible] company like Lam.
Tim Archer: Yes. It's pretty -- that comment is pretty recent. But I think relative to multinationals, wherever they operate, whether China or certainty of being able to make the investment and benefit from that long term is very important. So obviously, in the last couple of weeks, we haven't seen any movement that we had talked about. I think long term, it allows people -- it allows our customers to ultimately make the right decisions for them about where to invest. And that is especially true when you think about our installed base and the upgrades to the installed base and a customer willingness to sort of move forward with those upgrades with certainties.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that we have to see and we -- as we said about the -- it's difficult to predict the pace of the recovery. But what happens there is we're just trading off 1 part of our business that CSBG business for another. If upgrades happened before spares, you're right, it brings utilization down. But there's also something that we've said, which is as technology moves forward, many of those applications become more spares intensive because the processes are longer and more demanding. And so I would just say that we're going to see a rise in both parts of our business as fab operations recover and customers start to fully utilize the equipment in those fabs.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that it's still a little bit out in the future, I mean, you could go look at our customers' road maps and what they've said publicly, and I think that's probably the best way to put timing on it. I think what we're trying to highlight is the fact that our -- if you think about the challenges across almost every device, we're becoming more and more convinced that the technology solutions to those challenges involve vertical scaling, they move to 3D and you're seeing that backside power, advanced packaging, gate all around. These are -- it is something that is playing extremely well to our strengths in etch and deposition. And so timing is hard to predict, but the certain -- relative certainty of those changes happening is quite high.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that if we were to go back and talk about lead times compared to pre-COVID, I would say that generally still extended, but for a variety of reasons. I mean I talked about the investments we've made in our supply chain and our manufacturing facilities. A lot of that has to be more responsive, but I think we will be able to respond when realistically when demand starts to come back. Now in certain areas, it's a little tighter than others. And I think that's where, again, we still continue to work very closely with our customers to make sure we have good forecast as we talked about. High bandwidth memory has been an area that I think has been in tighter supply. And the good thing about the investments we made in our global operations is that in certain cases, we're able to respond a little bit more quickly than customers have urgent needs.
Tim Archer: Well, yes, it's -- I don't know that our timing on gate-all-around around has changed much from three months ago. I think that, again, it's a means of scaling device performance and device performance is something is important to our customers and their [indiscernible]. So we're just engaged with customers to make sure our tools get qualified into those new nodes and when they decide to ramp them, then we'll be ready as well.
Doug Bettinger: And yes, Tim, just to parse my comments a little bit. I said, we believe China will continue to be strong, but I also said, albeit not quite as strong perhaps as we saw in September. And as Tim alluded to, the China investment is not going away. I don't know if it's up, down, sideways next year, but it's not going away. They're investing for opportunities in the market that they see. I think we're hopeful that rest of the market begins to recover at some point, because it’s at pretty low points, and that will mitigate the China mix to a certain extent.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, if you take yourself back to when we were talking about this in the March call, you know, we're at roughly 44% gross margin and we articulated a view that we would be able to drive 100 basis point improvement in that from the operational efficiencies that we were undertaking during the year. And I'm super confident that that's absolutely already happened, frankly, and we will continue to be in a good spot as we exit the year.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, there really was nothing material incrementally in what was clarified. I guess it was yesterday, right? So you're right. When we came into the year we said $2 billion to $2.5 billion. Now we've got clarification. We could ship a little bit. We took it on to $2 billion. That's still kind of what we see this year. And nothing incremental really came out yesterday.
Doug Bettinger: I guess, Joe, one I would point to, and I'll let Tim add. Yes, China was a part of it, but it's not all of it. There was an earlier question about, hey, where we are with bandwidth memory? Yes, it's getting pulled in. I mean customers want it sooner, we can ship. You've got a transition from DDR4 to DDR5 with these new CPUs that are out there. So that also is a little bit of a bright spot. So I guess I'd point to both of those things as part of what we saw in DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: Toshi, I'll take it and then let Tim add on. It's a broad set of customers investing when you look at this, the specialty nodes. I mean, it's across multiple customers unlike like leading etch foundry as an example. And so I can't really point to any one or another for you. And quite frankly, I think we all know there's inventory out there in a lot of these device types, but these are long-term investments as well, right? This isn't something that comes in one quarter and then goes away just because of what's happening in the near-term marketplace. But it is in any one segment or another, Toshi, just kind of the broad set of customers.
Doug Bettinger: All right, Toshi, I'll give you a couple of data points, maybe for a little bit of color, but I'm not going to guide next year. Yes, we're still at an elevated level of gross margin from customer mix relative to where I think things normalize. Maybe a good way to think of it is go back to the June quarter, which was before we saw a lot of this China favorable mix. That's not an unreasonable baseline to start from for gross margin. So anyway, I don't know if that's helpful. And then I guess what I described from an R&D standpoint. R&D, quite frankly, has to follow a cadence independent of the level of revenue sometimes. I don't know what WFE next year is going to be. I don't know what our top line is going to be quite yet. We'll give you some color next quarter. But I do know we see an enormous number of opportunities around these technology inflections that if we don't invest right now three, four years from now, we'll look back and say, why didn't we, right? I'd be all around. Tim talked about backside power. There's high bandwidth, there's so many things that play to the strength of what we do well. So I think if you look at the December quarter and compared to September, spending up, the March quarter independent of the fact that we're going to invest more in R&D is a 14-week quarter. So you got to comprehend that. And then we're going to grow R&D as we go into next year, maybe a little bit independent of what revenue turns out to be. I guess what I would want you to think about is, historically, when business grows at Lam, you've seen nice leverage in the model. It's maybe going to flatten out a little bit, honestly, is how I'm trying to like, come to you to think about it a little bit. And again, that's because we see a lot of opportunities that we think played at the strength and is going to set us up to win in the longer term. I don't know if that helps, Toshiya.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek, we're not going to guide you next year quite yet. But the clarification of the rules we described isn't changing, right? So we understood one node that a certain customer was doing was okay to ship to. The rules didn't change. We just had to do a little work to understand that. Collectively, as an industry, that's not going to go away. Having said that also, what our commentary on the call so far has been, I don't know if China is up now on our sideways next tier, but it's not going away. When we talk to our customers in China, they all communicate roadmaps that have multiyear horizons in front of them. Nothing new came from the regulations that you saw yesterday. So I see a level of sustainability in China as we go into next year and frankly, beyond. They have long-term objectives.
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, it's primarily litho. It's litho and these restricted fabs in China that we didn't have complete visibility into what they were doing, frankly. It was those two.
Doug Bettinger: I think we do. That's why we updated the number. We never get this exactly right, but we try to tell you what we think of it now.
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, if you look at what Lam has done over the last, I don't know, a decade, frankly. We've expanded margin as revenue has grown. At this point, I'm not sure what revenue is going to be next year, but I know we're going to invest more in R&D. That's what I'm trying to describe because we see all of these opportunities. And yes, I referred to the fact that we've got pretty favorable customer mix that likely mitigates somewhat next year. And so when you think about those two things, it's possible to think about kind of margin flattening off for a period of time. Our long-term profit objectives are unchanged. So I do want to reiterate that point as well.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Mehdi, in the past I've suggested maybe something around $1 billion is a normalized level and we're somewhat elevated from that. the longer we remain elevated, maybe the normalized level picks up a little bit, but I'll leave that statement, what I said, maybe roughly $1 billion.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Usually, you don't really see much of a revenue impact, frankly. You kind of manage based on what customer wants when. But I know for sure, with an extra week, 14 weeks instead of 13, you got more salary expense, you've got more time to use project materials and whatnot. I don't know. I didn't give you a specific number, but I think it's pretty well chronicled about there. When people have a quarter coming in like this, how much spending grows just because of it. I'm not going to put a number on it, but just think about 14 versus 13.
Doug Bettinger: Sidney, you were breaking up a little bit. I think you were asking about the cadence of when utilization comes back, what we think will happen, I think that was your question. And I think what I would tell you, first, spares comes back. Second, you'll see upgrades, and upgrades will have to happen obviously, some of the customer base has taken some things offline. So there's a spend that needs to occur to get that back online and up to speed and then eventually new equipment gets purchased. That hasn't changed.
Doug Bettinger: We don't talk about any one customer or another, but that will show up in that upgrades commentary that I was talking about, the stuff that gets taken offline eventually needs to get upgraded. That's the upgrade spend in CSBG.
