Tim Archer: Maybe a few modifications, I mean, clearly, as we've said, we've continued to see strengthening in foundry and logic. So that is a portion of it. The -- some very early indications of NAND spending increase as we have now guided for December quarter. And finally, continuing strengthening in the China WFE as we've, kind of, seen increased strength throughout the year. So a combination of all those things, lead to our upward revision in WFE.
Tim Archer: Well, that's a great question, we basically -- as we have said on a number of occasions, the intensity of etch and deposition we see continuing to increase at every technology node. Our SAM grows, whether it'd be 10 to seven to five to three on into the future. SAM increases even in the face of EUV increased usage. And there's a number of reasons for that; patterning complexity continues to increase regardless of the introduction of EUV, and so there are additional steps for deposition and etch. EUV itself introduces new requirements for hardmask, which gives Lam opportunity to participate from a deposition perspective. And EUV also, we have talked about in the past introduces opportunities for new steps like and processes like atomic layer etching that can be used to help increase quality and productivity of the EUV pattern itself. So, I think the way you should think about it is our SAM is expanding, competitively our -- we're gaining share at some of these new layers, and we feel we're well setup in both the foundry and logic space going forward as technology transitions.
Tim Archer: Our SAM as a percentage of customer spend continues to increase with layer count, and that's for two reasons; one, I mean obviously the simple fact of building and etching the higher stack, but also the fact that, as I mentioned there are new steps and new opportunities that get created for dealing with issues such as; in the VECTOR DT case the stress associated with those taller layer counts. So, I think that our view is SAM grows as layer count increases.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think that -- as I commented, we've seen strengthening in domestic China spend through the year, anticipate that continuing and maybe the most important part of that story for Lam is that clearly a big portion of the new incremental spending in China is targeted toward the memory market. And obviously our SAM, and our share in the memory space is quite good, so from that perspective we see China as an area of strength for us.
Tim Archer: Maybe you have to wait till Investor Day for that. No, we do plan -- we do -- we have promised for some time now to provide you more detail in those areas and we're just, we will do that. I think maybe a couple of points, your comment about customers being laser focused on productivity? I mean, it's one of the reasons why we have been talking about it, it takes some time for those products for our efforts to really start to show up in new wins. But you know we're starting to see in this area that Doug talked about in advanced services, where some of these intelligent database tools are really starting to help us reduce, for instance troubleshooting time on the systems, reduced unscheduled downs on the systems and those are things that the customers are pulling hard for because again it's productivity for tools that are already in place and relatively easy to implement. So we are prioritizing productivity, because it's in the best interest of the customer and the industry as a whole.
Tim Archer: Sure, I can do that without quite getting as specific as North America, Taiwan on those notes. So maybe I'll point you just a couple of comments, I made and then embellish there was a little bit, you know, as I said it within the logic and foundry space, it takes many years to establish yourself as the first -- the development tool of record. And then ultimately see that rollout into volume buys is the production tool of record. And so when we talk about I gave -- we gave a little bit of a new look into this penetration and defense. Forward-looking three-year revenue opportunity statement, that is designed to give some indication as to how long it takes from the time we win one of those selection decisions and you'll see that revenue opportunity will take place over those following three years, that's definitely true in the foundry and logic space. And so I think that when we talk about improving opportunity at 10 and then seven and then five, you know, you can kind of look out and say, if you're like a 5-nanometer decision is revenue opportunities that now we're roll in over the course of the next several years. So that may not be quite the level of specificity you wanted, but it basically says things that we are winning now will actually be our revenue for the next three years plus in that space.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's maybe there is not such a big change here from what we've said. We -- you know, ever since beginning of the year, we said that memory spending would likely remain relatively weak throughout the year. And when I talked about early signs, it is the -- it's very early is in there, we're now starting to see some of those projects transpire as you just talked about, meaning a little bit of ordering occurring in the December quarter, but we still maintain our view that we exit the year with this 30% bit supply growth rate and that customers are prudently managing the supply growth, but I do think those projects, you know, it's kind of that early signs, it's a healthy industry and we're going to see growth in 2020. So exact timing, we really don't want to give you that right now, but it's -- it looks to be coming.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question and the answer is yes, we would expect to grow in that scenario, based on a couple of things; one, as you move forward, even on the same WFE, our SAM as a percent of that WFE should increase as transition still continued to occur to more advanced nodes. Etch and deposition opportunity increases at each successive technology node, even in the face of EUV. So I think in the scenario described, we would expect to have a larger opportunity and we do believe that we're winning share as well and therefore we would grow.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think just to reiterate Doug's point, I mean, technology transitions we think occur every year, simply because of the benefit to bit cost. And so, I guess, I would say that in any year, which is not our view of declining supply growth we would still see the majority of the spend in technology transitions. And I guess there is one other key point to think about, we've mentioned this a few times in a technology transition from say 96 layers to 128 layers, the majority of that spend is for etch and deposition. So there's definitely an outperformance statement there, if spend continues to be based just on technology transitions.
Tim Archer: Well, in our statement is always as those decisions are made. So we always speak about accomplishing made. So I don't know if any decisions have been made well beyond the 128 layer node. So we -- it's obviously something that we compete for it every node. But, I guess what I'd point out is there is a very important piece of learning that has come from us running now millions of wafers through our dielectric etch tools. And there was a question earlier about, productivity, reliability, stability, defect performance. Those are all things that again we have millions and millions of wafers of experience. And so kind of come in with an edge every node that you have to compete for as the incumbent. So that -- but specifically, I think, you could bucket most of those in that 128 nanometer and below node since their decisions already made.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess maybe the simpler statement that I make inside the Company is we're not running from our leadership position in memory, and that includes in these new emerging memory markets. And so we're actively looking to develop new applications, new tools that meet the needs of those devices. We've spoken about, one of them in particular so far this year, which is the ion beam edge tool, that's used for MRAM and we have established a very strong position for that particular application, phase-change memory ReRAM, there are other devices we are actively engaged in development with the leading companies. So it is a target market for us, in fact, one might argue that we feel we, sort of, we already sort of own that memory space and I think it's our focus.
Tim Archer: So we'd already has expanded, I mean, ALD is not memory specific. So we use these films also on the logic and foundry side. ALD atomic layer etching and atomic layer deposition and atomic layer etching, these are technologies that will continue to be increasingly used as devices become smaller and smaller and structures become more complex. So I think it's an expanding market opportunity, and in fact I think in coming years, you'll start to see inflections for instance from batch processing tools to single wafer ALD just again for the type of wafer uniformity and requirements of those processes going forward. So it's an area where we're growing and we feel confident about our development activities in the tools themselves.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think for us to give you more detail on the break out on that you'll have to wait until we actually speak to our 2020 WFE outlook next quarter. But you kind of hit it, I mean, we -- the way I think about outperformance in 2020, it's just what you said. First and foremost you -- everyone knows that we are highly leveraged to the memory market, and we do believe that spending mix moves back in our favor next year. And even in the face of stronger and continuing strength in logic and foundry memory will improve to some extent. We've strengthened our logic and foundry SAM opportunity, as well as share position and so that's a continued benefit as logic and foundry remain strong. And also as Doug mentioned CSBG continues to grow as we expand our portfolio of advanced services in that space. And so can break it out for you, how much each of those contributes, but each of them is important part of the story in 2020.
Tim Archer: When I look at it, it's primarily conversion spending. That's really what we've seen for the entire year is focused on node conversions, it will ebb and flow. The important thing when you think about DRAM is to understand when we look at similar to what we were describing NAND exiting the year below where we believe demand growth to be, you got a similar story in DRAM. As we look at the investments that are occurring in DRAM this year exiting the year supply growth is probably in the low teens. And we believe long-term demand growth is in high teens maybe approaching 20%. There is a ways to go, Vivek to continue to burn inventory out of the channel. I think that's going to take a little bit longer. But what I do know is at some point the inventory will be burned off and spending will grow more significantly. In quarter-by-quarter, it's just going to be dependent on what projects are under way at what customers.
Tim Archer: It's hard for us actually to put our finger on exactly what utilizations are. I mean we saw it pulled back a little bit in both NAND and DRAM this year. And I think that was pretty well-telegraphed from our customers. But better -- it's a better question to put to them, we don't always know exactly what their utilizations are running at.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that what we've said about DRAM maybe just was that we think through the first half of next year. Inventory remains elevated and so it's really not, I guess our view at this point is DRAM maybe more of a second half story for next year. Obviously we'll give far more color as we develop our full 2020 outlook. It's just that NAND is much more upon us right now. Simply because the issues are being worked through more quickly as a result of the supply constraints that have been in place this year and maybe also the demand catalysts for NAND that are occurring right now.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. C.J., I think, Tim, actually mentioned in his prepared remarks that they did grow sequentially and it was the third consecutive record quarter for the Reliant component of that business. I'm not going to quantify next year yet, a little bit too soon. But what we said in the past and I can continue to be very comfortable saying today is, I have a hard time envisioning a year when the installed base business doesn't grow, it should grow every single year because chamber count grows every year, it's growing this year, even in a depressed memory spending environment, and we continue to bring new advanced service offerings to market that we hope enable us to achieve more and more of the customer's OpEx spend. So that's how you should be thinking about that C.J.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I forgot the one part of your question you asked, do we think anything pulled in? Actually really don't, I don't think it would make sense that they would be pulling things in sooner and because if you're concerned about our inability to ship being the reason they pulled in, then they can get spares and service from us, they can't actually really utilize the tools very well. So I don't believe that there was pull-ons really do anything like that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John, I mean, one thing I would point out to you and if you look over the last two years, you will have seen several quarters where the cash we actually deployed moved down somewhat. That was because in the quarter before that we put one of these accelerated share repurchase programs in place. You have the same phenomenon going on this quarter. So even though the cash that we deployed in terms of open market repurchases wasn't all that significant this quarter, that ASR was still executing buying stock back, and that ASR that's currently out there will complete in the December quarter. So we'll be thinking about what we're going to do incrementally as we go forward. So far, just remind you what we talked about and it's been a while now the last Analyst Day that we're committed to at least 50% of free cash flow returned to shareholders, and obviously if you look at our history, over the last five, six years, we've done a whole lot more than that. And I had went on the timing to complete the current authorization and I'm going to kind of remain that way. I've said in the past, we'll be opportunistic and that's as much as I have quite right now.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, what I said, Tim in my remarks, was I expect December will continue to be pretty strong with foundry and logic quarter. So that's a key piece of what's going on.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, let me walk it back for you a little, Tim, because some things have moved around a little bit. When I look at what happened last year, local China ended up being I don't know $4.5 billion of WFE roughly. So it ended up being maybe a little bit more than that for that we have been talking about and the way we see it today, it's above $6, it's somewhat above $6. I don't know for sure what next year is going to look like. But as we look at our analytics in the fab projects that are coming in and whatnot, I do see pretty strongly believe it will grow next year. I'm not ready to tell you how much yet. We'll give you more clarity on our WFE view for next year on the next earnings call. But I think local China will continue to grow next year.
Doug Bettinger: It's Dough. Just to add-on, if you really want more detail you can go look at the transcript of the Flash Memory Summit, where Tim and Rick Gottscho spent lots of time talking about how we view these emerging memory architectures.
Doug Bettinger: It's something we've been working on for years, I mean, Tim was driving those on years ago, honestly in rest of companies rally behind it. We're going to keep squeeze in efficiency out every SG&A dollar we spend. We want to be totally rigorous about that. So that we can allocate more of those dollars to R&D, I think that 60%, 70% last quarter might be an all-time high for the Company. I haven't gone all the way back, but in my recent memory that was an all-time high. We're going to keep at that, we're going to continue to try to get better, we do this every words part of the culture of the Company to be focused on continuous improvement. I don't know how we can get it obviously, but we're going to keep working on it.
Doug Bettinger: If you look at the first half of this year, Vivek -- calendar year again. I never really think too much in terms of fiscal calendar year. I mean we're -- cash was just super strong, I think we had two consecutive quarters around $900 million in operational cash flow and you're right. A lot of that came from working capital. Now what you normally see with the business when it's growing, it will consume working capital, meaning it will take cash to build inventory and receivables and so forth. When it levels off or contracts, it will generate cash and that's really what went on in the first half of the year. I mean, we managed cash quite proactively, but the practical reality of business ebb and flow was that's what happens. The right way to think about the free cash flow of the business is it's a couple of points below where operational cash flow should be on a sustainable basis. But it will ebb and flow around wherever read in the business cycle.
Doug Bettinger: Tough question to answer Joe, to be honest. What's occurred this year and NAND largely has been conversions, maybe with a couple exceptions. But if you look at NAND, WFE through the year -- this year, but that's what was going on and you saw declining rate of supply growth such that as we exit the year obviously, we said 30% and I think long-term NAND growth is in the high '30s, maybe 40%. To have 40% supply growth, we need to be adding a few wafers every single year, and so it didn't happen quite so much this year and you've seen supply growth decline. I don't know if that helps you, but that's how I think about it.
Doug Bettinger: Mitch too soon for us to talk in any detail about 2020, hold off for one quarter we'll give you a little better visibility on it. It's still a little bit too far away for us to get into detail.
