Tim Archer: Yeah, it's obviously a question that we spend a lot of time thinking about. And I think you've hit on the most important point, which is what does it meant for Lam to see not only the transition to 3D, which I gave some elements of how it changed our position in terms of share of WFE over the last five years. That was my comment over six points of share gain of WFE. But more importantly, what are we doing going forward to ensure kind of durability in this business, meaning defending the positions we've worked hard to gain, but also benefiting from the complexity that's occurring because of layer scaling. And that's really our product focus. And so maybe to talk about complexity, number of layers increasing clearly is driving a strong demand for the tools that deposit those film stacks, etch the holes in those film stacks, and backfill them with the metallization. Those are the strongest positions Lam has within NAND. And we feel extremely good about there our defensibility of those positions. But even those are seeing changes. And so it's different materials, for instance, to reduce line resistance. We're seeing new opportunities for new tools. We talked about the vector DT dealing with stress issues as layer count increase. Those things didn't exist, just that application didn't exist just years ago. We're seeing the transition to ALV gapfill again, that application did not exist as an ALB film, and therefore not within Lam's wheelhouse at the last peak. And so, not only have we grown our existing positions, because the more layers, we've actually added more critical steps to the process. And I think it bodes well. At every peak, our goal is to expand our serve market in a way that if we come out stronger and bigger peak to peak.
Tim Archer: Sure. I don't think we're going to quantify Reliant itself, but what we can tell you is, as you pointed out, the specialty technologies, these trailing edge foundry extremely strong. In fact, you hear from many in the industry, that's where a lot of the chip shortage exists today, and so that is an area that’s seeing tremendous growth. But in many ways, the growth in that area has also been limited by the ability of those companies to ramp and equipment to get out to them. And, I would fully expect that that's an area of trailing edge foundry that continues to ramp strongly really on into 2022 and maybe even beyond.
Tim Archer: Yeah, if I can just add something, Tim, I mean, while I agree with the comment, and we made it that the rising capital intensity probably means those numbers need to be updated on the absolute basis. I want to point out, as the layer count increases and complexity increases, we're taking actual share as well, meaning we're converting applications that had previously been done with older legacy technologies. And we're moving those over to newer technologies like ALB. So we're actually winning new applications as well. So even within whatever that new number is, we're benefiting from an expansion of spending per bit added, but also from actual application wins. And we pointed one out that, it's been a pretty big deal for us, which is the conversion to ALD for dielectric gapfill. So I think, it's another point being Lam’s strong positioning and close collaboration with customers in the space really does give us great insight into what those next application opportunities are for our company.
Tim Archer: Sure. Well, a number of things have changed demand. As you mentioned, the dielectric etch is fundamentally tied to – and its process time is fundamentally tied to layer count. So clearly, it's scaling pretty dramatically as layer counts grown. The other element you find process time is relative to consumables, and therefore growth in our installed base business as well, which also scales nicely with layer count growth. So there are a number of changes, but the sure dielectric etch plays a very critical role in reading that layer count expansion.
Tim Archer: Well, I mean, there's two elements to what makes a great tool. One is the platform, one is the process module technology. And so I think that when we're enhancing the platform capability, adding all of this equipment intelligence, we're certainly not giving up the incumbency power that's been developed. I mentioned, even today, proprietary RF systems, proprietary uniformity solutions, the new Vantex module that's on the Sense.i platform kind of marries up all of that equipment intelligence and use of data to make our market leading etch chamber even that much better. And so clearly, we thought a lot about the power of incumbency that if you stagnate, you also leave an opportunity for your competitors to catch up. And that's not our plan.
Tim Archer: No. And I think it's just that the current demand environment we're in today, that the ramp rate for Malaysia is a flat out. And while we haven't given any numbers for 2022, so I'm not sure where you got those. But clearly, we're ramping it. It will be a big facility for us and it will eventually take on a large position within our global manufacturing network.
Tim Archer: Harlan, when we start here, probably a quarter or two ago, we were thinking capacity constraints. We were really thinking about physical space and labor. And quite honestly, I think we've done a really nice job, expanded in our Livermore, California facility, our Oregon facility, Korea, as I just said, shipping from Malaysia. So that physical capacity, we're really starting to sort of free up. We've hired a tremendous number of people also across the globe. And now we're being hit with that next level, we have very complex supply chain. And you are right, chip shortages, shortages of other components as well. And because it can affect many different players within our supply chain, it's a little bit more unpredictable. And that's leading to some of the increased guidance that Doug spoke to. Again, I think that Lam is very proud of our ability to execute. And, I think these are issues that just everyday we're working through, and with time, we would expect that these just like for the rest of the industry will begin to be resolved.
Tim Archer: Yeah, we're actively engaged. As Doug said, we haven't seen significant movement on the licensing front. We will say we've seen the approval of a few licenses for spares and upgrades for mature technology nodes. So I guess if we were any update that we would say, some small progress, but we're here we're actively engaged with the licensing agencies within the government, want to ensure we're fully compliant with everything they have in place today, but also to be advocating for moving forward with additional approvals on the shipments that are pending.
Tim Archer: Sure. I guess, you can interpret from all the comments I've made about multi-year impact to WFE spending. We see strong regional investments, many places government supported, rising device complexity, and then actually, we think the demand environment still remains good overall for semis. So those are – we’re not giving 2022 right now, we don't see great clouds on the horizon. We see a lot of positives. When I think about different areas of opportunity for Lam, to your point about where my capital intensity be rising the fastest or maybe just spending, really think about Lam. And therefore, where's etch and depth really going to play a bigger role? Where does Lam have the opportunity? I see that across the board. We spent a lot of time on this call talking about NAND complexity. But, you're seeing 3D transitions, Foundry/Logic space gate all around, advanced packaging, very etch and depth intensive. Next year, if you're looking, I'm not saying it's flat WFE, but if you were looking at flat WFE, Lam’s opportunity would be growing in those spaces because of etch and depth capital intensity increases. And where we really are spending our time and effort this year, it is two places. Doug talked a lot about operational improvements, making sure we come out with infrastructure that's better off from that perspective. And what I tried to highlight was where we are investing in products so that as these transitions occur to 3D in Foundry/Logic and DRAM over the next several years, then Lam is going to be in the same position to benefit from those as what I highlighted happening for us in 3D NAND, and I think it's places I just talked about, selective etch, and things like dry resist, it's the position we have in high aspect ratio, etch and depth relative to 3D packaging. I would just say it's a very opportunity rich environment for a company like Lam right now.
Tim Archer: Yeah. And I think the only thing I would add is, maybe we need to transition that story before a lot about progress we were going to make in action and the output. Now, we step up with a logic or logic and foundry basically similar devices, similar trends. As we move to gate all around our nano sheet structures, many of the products I talked about dealing with selective etch and the processes that are required to create those complex structures. The challenge is that foundry and logic customers at the leading edge see with RC and its impact, and therefore the need for evolving the metallization structure. We talked about dry resist and the potential to impact the cost performance of EUV at future nodes, not only current node, but also high NA. These are ways in which Lam is ensuring that we have the right product portfolio. So whether it's advanced foundry or advanced logic, whichever custom you might be talking about the -- we have very strong products to offer to help with those transitions. And so, I think over the years, our opportunity to engage those customers has just gotten stronger and broader.
Tim Archer: Yeah, I'll take that. I included in my prepared remarks one liner that said it was supposed to be hinting, please don't count on this kind of growth every single quarter quarter-on-quarter. There are components. And this kind of went back to the question about trailing edge foundry and how do we see that going forward. We don't see that abating. But that is an area where we're seeing tremendous demand right now, and eventually that may not kind of keep pace quite with the growth in the installed base. But the elements, you think about what's in there, spares continues to grow with installed base. And as we've seen this tremendous growth in installed base, that becomes a recurring revenue stream going forward, that really is just based on customers continuing to utilize what they've already bought. So we feel very good about that. So if there's one part that you might see a little bit of investment timing, in fact, it would be specialty technologies and trailing edge or non-leading edge foundry. But our near-term outlook for that remains quite strong.
Tim Archer: Yeah, I'm actually pretty close to this one. And what I would say is that there, maybe it's everything. When you have your major customers really clamoring for on time shipments, we're leaving no stone unturned. So, in some cases, it's working with different suppliers. But again, we have complex supply chains. And, in many cases, we're looking at where those suppliers have additional facilities in other parts of the world. So for impacted, say, by issues throughout the COVID pandemic, in one part of the world, we transition to that same supplier in different factories, and the parts of the world. That's usually the most expeditious means of getting additional supply. But at times, we are finding additional suppliers. We're also, I talked about refurbishment and recoding, and reuse. That's another area where we're working with customers to actually qualify refurbishment processes that allow us to shorten the time, so rather than having to procure brand new parts, for instance, we do a refurbishment and that part can go back in the machine. From the fewer parts you use within the installed base, more you have available for build forward out of your factories. And so, I would just say between us and the customers very close collaboration and collaboration of our supply chain partners are getting very creative about how to try to mitigate these risks. And it's many, many, many different things.
Tim Archer: No. Obviously we look at that a quite a bit. But I would say that a large portion of it, whether it's under long-term contracts, or it's in -- I talked about our complex supply chain. I mean, in many ways for spare parts, it's very similar, which means regardless of the length of contract, we tend to be the primary supplier for the vast majority of those spares. And so, I would say the majority of our parts are under contract, but then the length of contract we're not really ready to talk about at this point.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, John, I'm not going to quantify it, because I never do when we're looking in the on segments, but it's going to grow nicely in the second-half. It's going to grow nicely because of our patterning positions. And, I feel really good about the trajectory when I look into the second-half for DRAM. It's going to be a good second-half. Let's leave it at that.
Doug Bettinger: Thanks for the question, C.J., I expected this one pretty quickly in the call. Listen, when I look out over the next quarter there's challenges in the supply chain. And some of those challenges as we work to mitigate them requires incremental spending. When I look at what happened in June and what happened in September, maybe the incremental downtick in gross margin is primarily a result of that. So that's one thing to kind of put in the quiver there a little bit to think about, as we go forward. We'll work our way through that. It'll get better over time. It'll also get better over time, as you rightly asked about as we ramp Malaysia now, right now, when I look at Malaysia in the September quarter, it's not a benefit to gross margin, because we're too early in the ramp of that facility. You got the fixed cost sitting there and you got startup costs. So that actually is driving a little bit of a headwind right now too. And over time, that headwind will shift to a tailwind as we get the benefit of the Asia-based cost structure. So, I look forward. We've got trajectory and gross margin that will get better over time. And really, right now, we're just dealing with supply chain as we work to mitigate some of the challenges that we see out there.
Doug Bettinger: And C.J., I just remind you, if you remember back at our Investor Day in March of last year seems like so long ago, but we talked about a viewpoint that we still have today that the trailing edge or the Reliant exposed WFE grows two to three times faster than overall WFE. And that's still how we see things.
Doug Bettinger: I guess, I'd say two things, Tim. Obviously, in a situation like you're alluding to, first thing I do is get on phone and talk to my guys in China to make sure I understand what's going on. I'm comfortable with where we sit today. I will tell you that most of the business we do with customers in the China region are under letters of credit. So its money is good. We know its money is good. So that's one thing I'd also have you think about. In relative to the plans of our customers in China, I got to be careful about talking about a specific customer, Tim. But we haven't seen any change in anybody's plans as a result of anything.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, I'm not really on the phone right now to update any of those longer-term numbers, that would be something we do on I don't know, an Investor Day kind of format, which we will do at some point in the future, I think. And you're right, the observation that over time, capital intensity grows in that device architecture and NAND. And when we gave those numbers that were kind of broad averages over long periods of time to try to be helpful, and it's not a static number. So I agree with you, we do need to update it, I'm not ready to do it on the call right now. But like Tim said, we're pretty comfortable with the strength and investment in NAND. It looks pretty rational to us. And it's going to be a good year for investment in NAND. And actually, I think next year is going to be a pretty good year too, Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I would tell you that there's a revenue level component to the leverage, there's also a time element to it. The time element is dictated by some things like ramping a new factory in Malaysia that's got a better cost structure. It's also driven by mapping a new etch platform like Sense.i, that we think will have a better profitability profile than the one before it, because it delivers incremental benefit to it. So when I look at the leverage that we had in that model, I still feel quite good about it. When I think through and look at the time aspects of how we deliver the benefit, it is still the right way to think about it. The financial model we put out in March of last year is right when you think about the profitability opportunity for Lam.
Doug Bettinger: I'm not trying to really say anything about ‘22 with the exception that it looks like it continues to be strong. It is a qualitative statement I made. It's too soon for us to put numbers around ’22, Stacy. And when we look at WFE, so a quarter ago, we were talking about trending above 75. Tim now said, we see it trending above 80. I think overall, it's a second-half weighted WFE profile. DRAM looks solid in the second-half. Foundry/Logic looks pretty good in the second-half too. I think NAND, probably as I sit here today is more balanced half on half. And a quarter ago, we said look like it was a little bit second-half, I can still see that potentially happening. But there's some customer investment timings that might occur more in the first-half of next year. Right now, it looks kind of balanced half on half as we sit here today.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I mean, as the year unfolds, obviously, we get better visibility to what's happening. And we're not halfway through the year. And if you include the guide for September, we're three quarters of the way through the year. So we just have better visibility on what's going on relative to timing, as well as the supply challenges the industry is having.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I’ll take and then Tim can feel free to add on. I think from a percent of WFE, probably fairly consistent. I mean, WFE overall this year is up nicely, China's up nicely, too. And we have talked about license requirements for one of our foundry customers in China. No new update for you there, Tim, unless you want to share something. But it doesn't impact anything else that we see going on in China.
Doug Bettinger: DRAM, I think this year, supply growth is still going to be below where demand growth is. I think, pretty well chronicle from the industry the demand for DRAM bits is probably 20, low 20s. I think supply is probably high teens approaching 20 in DRAM. I think on the NAND side, probably more imbalance. I think supply demand mid high 30s. It feels fairly balanced for the year in NAND.
Doug Bettinger: I think, I'd say two things. You've got this sort of right, 14 to 10. We've talked about a nice growth in application footprint. 5x is what we've described in terms of number of applications. And then that growing again, from 10 to seven, that's absolutely what we see happening. And I got to be careful talking about any one customer. I think, when you look at logic and other you're absolutely right, there is the other component in there and things like image sensor, and other logic devices, but also you have to think about the timeframe in which anyone customer is investing in technology, is it in a concentrated two or three quarters, or is it over a longer period of time. And if it's over a longer period of time, you won't see it in any one quarter. And so, I would encourage you to think about both of those things when you look at the logic and other stuff. And then I’d also suggest, I think logic and others is going to look pretty good in the second half also.
Doug Bettinger: I think the practicality of it, Joe, is we're just further through the year. We're halfway through the year, we got pretty good visibility into the September quarter, because we just guided it. And so it's that right. It's an understanding of customers’ plans. It's an understanding of what we think the industry is going to be able to supply. We still see a second-half weighted WFE spending profile. We kicked it up somewhat as a result of this better visibility is what I would describe.
