Martin Anstice: Yeah, we don’t – we don’t actually kind of get to precisely answer that question in the context for SAM expansion of the company obviously includes the DRAM transition but there is kind of much more to SAM expansion than that but I guess at a very high level, if you look at the inflection in DRAM from the mid 2x node to 20 nanometer we would expect SAM expense in the 30% to 40% range. And a big part of that obviously relates to patterning and as best we can tell and I think today’s results are a decent amount of evidence so that the share momentum for the company is positive. But the headline I would ask you keep in mind is that inflection sits in the context of 4 or 5 and the total SAM expansion opportunity for the company is in a $1 billion range.
Martin Anstice: No, it’s more than one. So there is I mean there is a decent amount of conversion activity happening today and my expectation Jim is that there is probably in the range of 500,000 wafer starts of DRAM conversion going to take place in the calendar year kind of all in. And that will mean that we kind of if you place out that way they will still be in the range of 400,000 wafer starts at capacity at kind of 3x or greater, in terms of kind of technology node. So a decent amount of conversion but at the end of the year even with that assumption there is still a fair amount of capacity still adds 3x or above.
Martin Anstice: Yeah it’s obviously a question that at the end of the day the customers you want to really answer. I am sure everything that has been written is probably relevant in some way to this. I mean there is continues to be evidence of really good discipline in terms of supply and demand balance in memory period and that’s really NAND as much as it is in the DRAM. As we’ve talked about a number of times the transition from planar to 3D technology in Flash memory is extremely challenging and clearly this is the year where our customers are making in varying levels of commitments investments in that evaluation and obviously there is one kind of big I that’s a step ahead in terms of their commitments. But frankly as best we can tell everybody is in investing at some level beginning to evaluate the technology. And the commentary from customers today is very similar to the commentary a year or so ago, there is up to a kind of two to three year timeline associated to transitions to 3D device depending on the customer. But I am sure the complexity of building a device, yielding a device delivering performance in a device and to the committed discipline of customers to only add capacity when it is matched by demand are all relevant in answering your question.
Martin Anstice: Well by virtue of market share in dielectric etch being lower than conductor etch I would all say that the opportunity again is greater. I would not agree that we are maxed out in conductor etch, I mean we have a set of business objectives to grow in all segments of our business that’s clearly more difficult when you have a very strong leadership position but it’s not impossible. And frankly we’re making investments to grow both of etch but we have been approximately a 35% market share company for some time in dielectric and as I’ve talked about a number of times, particularly evidenced by market share momentum in memory already and we’re seeing some really nice signs of pick-up in support from customers in logic emerging as well. I believe we have a product to this point that is very competitive and for the first time in the long time I think we’re very optimistic about the growth potential in dielectric.
Martin Anstice: Absolutely yes, I think in every segment that’s a true statement. We, as I mentioned in the question from Jim, concentration is in efforts of the high – but the first quarter of our year is the most concentrated. We’re about 70% of our outlook to three guys and that three guy reference point probably drops to the 60% level, 50%, 60% level for the rest of the year. So macro level definitely more diversity at a specific level NAND transition more participant in second half to first half for sure, DRAM pretty stable while the foundry is definitely opening in the second half of the year and I think that’s very consistent with kind of the comments from TSNC around their concentration spending in the first half. And the microprocessor world obviously is overwhelmed in investment terms at least by one customer and their strategy which cannot play that last year in a big way is still very relevant to them but original equipment bias in emerging theme as we step through the year for them.
Martin Anstice: I think the most important guiding principle is we’re not going to compromise a long-term success of a company for a kind of a short-term if any. But having said that we’re not sitting here today with a belief that we have kind of fundamental disconnects between investment levels and opportunities. Always there’s an appetite to do more and to spend more and I wouldn’t expect us to look very different frankly from the rest of the capital equipment given in terms of increasing investments in the year. I think more or less we track together today, none of us are really kind of shocking in terms of disproportionate increases or decreases in investment.
Martin Anstice: That’s really [Technical Difficulty. So I’ll try and triangle it for you a little bit. I do believe for the year that the 20 nanometer and investments all represent only 80% or so ending and I do believe that for the year there were – 20 nanometer investments to FinFET investments probably kind of 60:40 something in that range. So you’re going to have to work with that because I don’t that I expect specificity at the half level to kind of take you beyond that at this time.
Martin Anstice: Yeah I think it’s fair to say that, the whole of the plans of the company is the one in the long-term that’s the more hockey sticks and that’s a byproduct of being disadvantaged in a couple of ways in the last three or four years we were not competitive in terms of productivity. We believe we now are. We have a 16 chamber configuration which has mechanical throughput capabilities that I think are very competitive and the process and chamber offerings we’ve designed to allow us to participate in the front end of the line clean segment in ways that we were not able to historically. But as I will always state getting penetration in a segment of the industry which is not feature creating. It’s all about yield obviously, is a very tough proposition and we respect our competition enormously. So this is a very important year for us, no question and we exit the year with one of two products, either a lot of confidence around the plans of the company and spending level consistent with that or a redefinition of the outlook for the business but we certainly as we sit here today the customer engagement is very positive and in fact we’re getting kind of more pulls than we’re actually satisfying today. Couple of customers are interested in the product and we’re holding back a little until we validated some of the offering in the existing engagements.
Martin Anstice: Your assumption is right, I’m not going to give guidance on September and good try though. The answer obviously for September is by product not just of June but also December and so really is kind of early for me to be calling a quarter at this point. I would not expect September to be up. I think it will be about flattish or down a little. But I might be wrong and there’s a lot of weeks between now and the real kind of decision point I think relates to September and December uncertainty. At a revenue level, again it’s an imperfect science for us to be articulating a view for the calendar year but I would say that our expectation is that second half quarters – if we are going to track to this $32 billion WFE number, that we believe is the case, the second half quarters will have a revenue level that’s kind of plus or minus $100 million of the average of the first two quarters of this year. So that’s our kind of reference point for the second half as we see it today in revenues and obviously some part of that is answering your question because revenues are byproduct of shipments.
Martin Anstice: So, just to kind of supplement to that, I would say a couple of things. It isn’t kind of mix thing and just looks good for the quarter. I mean there are very fundamental, SAM expansion opportunities that are relevant to our company. As I said a number of times, I don’t think, there is a better positions company in the equipment space by virtue of what we have in the product portfolio and what we don’t in the product portfolio to exploit four or five inflections. I think we are at the right place, at time with the right products. The patterning expansion is very real and as I mentioned in the last call, we were positively surprised by the scale and scope of that in DRAM and we’re only just at the beginning of it in the kind of Logic kind of rollout and all of commentary that I read at least says that, that opportunity is an increasing opportunity and substance for us through at least the 10 nanometer technology node and the longer that installed base gets positioned, the more challenging the intercept points are easy relative to kind of greenfield trade off. So that’s a very real opportunity. I think, one thing to keep in mind in terms of calling it too early or calling it too late in terms of whether we revise models is, let’s not forget the intensity of the conversation from the customer on cost, right. One of the most important complexities that we have to walk through as an industry and as a company in the next number of years, all of these inflections are getting more expensive, right. Capital intensity almost in every transition is either not going down as much as it used to or quite the reverse, it’s going up. And so, we have tremendous SAM expansion opportunities. We are at least flat or positive in market share in these transitions, but the industry and part of the industry is going to see increasing pressure I am sure over the next several years as this goes from kind of pilot and technology evaluation in the case of 3D NAND into ultimately HVM manufacturing. But may be kind of finish off the thoughts, let’s just kind of go back to first principles. In our last Analyst Meeting, we articulated [Technical Difficulty] to our market share we are about a 40% market share company in the segments that we compete, about a 50% share company in etch, mid 30% in deposition and high teens, low 20s in clean. And through the decisions that customers have made to-date, we believe that our market share around the inflections exceeds the 50% level. So, let’s say kind of 10 point increase in market share before and after inflections. And so, one of the most important headlines for everybody across the company is, if we continue to execute and that isn’t easy, the challenge from competitors and expectations from customers are incredibly demanding, but if we execute to the plans of the company, the result is that, the outperformance you are seeing today is going to accelerate as a greater proportion of spending of customers is associate with these inflections and that’s not a guidance statement, that’s a statement of understanding and belief. We have got a lots of work to do to pull that off but that’s what this company is focused on executing.
Martin Anstice: I sense conviction. It seems a very important transition for established community I think a lot of the date around custom performance for the 20 nanometer node tends to suggest that there are significant opportunities for performance improvements on both of those definitions in a FinFET device and architecture and not surprisingly it’s a very competitive space for the foundry. So at least as far as the interactions that I have, there is a lot of conviction to be successful through this inflection.
Martin Anstice: Really hard to tell. I don’t know that there is a lot of either frankly and I don’t think there is a tremendous amount of downside because the 80,000 wafer start level that is a pretty minimalist investment in the industry to evaluate that technology. And it’s a critical period for evaluating that technology. I think every NAND customer is talking about evaluating the technology and they have their own timelines and own roadmaps in terms of HVM adoption. But I don’t think any one of the NAND flash memory customers can afford to be only outside looking a technology transition. They will make their own choices about what the right point of intercept is, how many layers in a device makes sense in terms of cost comparisons, but I sense there is very minimal downside to the number that we have shared today.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think the – I don’t know if there is anything that you are missing. You just described the substance, the opportunity, the strength of the company’s position in etch and deposition both and the specific integration scheme in DRAM is very beneficial to us. And certainly with the predominance of investments in DRAM except for kind of patterning probably being upgrade related, you’re going to see a bias and a waiting to the etch and deposition space by the very nature of that scheme.
Martin Anstice: It’s the engagement is memory and logic both, the win is memory. And the win is front end of line which is an important kind of test for us because that’s the area of the Single Wafer Clean segment there we had been least competitive in the last three to four years. So I feel that it is an important statement from a customer but it’s one. And that is not the definition of success, definition of success is establishing market share leadership in all of the products of our company and we’re not there yet by a long way.
Martin Anstice: Well the expectation from the customers typically is they place an order today and get the product tomorrow. And just occasionally we get somewhat close to that. But the typical lead times for the products in our segments are going to be inside of a quarter. And then sometimes there will be less than eight weeks and sometimes more than eight weeks. And one of the important transitions for us in clean one of the reasons why going to next generation clean is so important to us is the lead times on the clean systems are the longest in our company today, with be old generation and new generation they will be very competitive with the deposition and etch portfolio. So we are much shorter lead time play than the bulk of them if that’s your question.
Martin Anstice: We turn a decent amount of our business absolutely in the quarter and that’s through from order placement to shipments and shipments to revenue. We can run shipment revenue turns of 60%.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, No, I didn’t say 20 nanometer was 60% of foundry spending, I said in the relationship between 20 nanometer and FinFET investment there will be a 60-40 split. So there is still an investment in foundry at the 28 nanometer node and even a little at 40. So and there are some upgrade and technical node transition as well as original equipment body. So I actually don’t think there is much to reconcile here. I think evidenced by the commentary from TSMC about their first half concentration at the 20 nanometer and the plans that the industry has for second half pilot line adoption at least the math that I do today would kind of refresh and repeat what we said in January. I think we just provided more color today but basically the same headline and certainly no message to the investment community about delay.
Martin Anstice: Yeah it’s pretty well balanced C.J. it’s high 40s, low 50s, it’s plus or minus our forecasting ability on this so I would call it flattish C.J.
Martin Anstice: Well honestly speaking I don’t spend a huge amount of time focused on capital intensity in the way that the industry mentions it because I think it’s like really misleading. I have no idea what the value of correlating leading investment levels to current year revenues is for the industry and it’s just a bizarre data point from my perspective. But there is clearly SAM expansion for etch and deposition clean and we’ve kind of sized that at about the $1 billion level. And there is clearly market share expansion that we’ve kind of framed multiple times including our analyst meeting and again today. So I believe that the SAM expansion opportunity is bigger than the market share but the market share is pretty big as well. And if we can continue to execute from the positions that we’ve established we’ve got a 5 to 10 percentage point gain in share here through these inflections which is a really important headline for the company. And we don’t kind of go out there with kind of guidance but I mean connecting the dots that we’ve described today and we’ve talked about kind of flattish revenues first half, second half and I try to frame for you the plus and the minus around the average in the second half. In calendar ‘14 we are targeting to outperform the industry. And I would expect if there is a $32 billion wafer fabrication equipment year which is up may be 10 to 12 percentage points or so, depending on the kind of your baseline, I would expect that our revenues grow year-over-year by approximately 20% and if you do the math on that you are going to kind of answer a lot of your question. And if we execute 20% year-over-year growth that means we’re focused on targeting upward income growth twice as much as revenues and delivering cash from operations growth twice as much as operating income. And if we do that we’re going to generate $1 billion cash from operations this year. So that’s how it will kind of walks itself through the financial statements, if the $32 billion year prevails.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah and Harlan if you do the math on the guide for the June quarter you’ll know that spending is picking up a bit. It’s the timing of our annual merit cycle as well as new equity grants I wouldn’t you shouldn’t expect that to occur again for the remainder of this year, that’s an annual pipeline so that’s the reason for step up right now I wouldn’t expect that to continue.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, Tim, I am not changing that model as we sit here today. We are not quite at that $5 billion. It’s kind of high fours. And part of the margin improvement from where we are today, we are a little bit shy of that 22% and approaching the revenue level prior to its time in terms of maturing products and getting everything ramped in manufacturing. Could there be headroom? Maybe, but, it’s too early to call it right now. SEMICON and our Analysts Day are too far away. We may be updating some things for you them, but there is time for that now.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah I mean Edwin one thing you are right it’s ticked down a little bit. There is a lot of [Inaudible] go on in the space especially in deposition so that’s one of the things that is impacting our shipments. It’s not so much that anything has been moving around from the application standpoint is being reused. And obviously you heard me talk about our expectation for June is that’s ticking up a little bit and I would expect that probably does that again in December.
Douglas Bettinger: So I think yes and yes I mean we are going to see emerging opportunities for atomic level control period through traditional scaling and 3D architecture. And the most prominent win that we communicated today to your point is ALD in DRAM that we have active engagements ALD logic, a different dielectric but very active engagements and I would expect that, that continues to be true for us. So a lot of focus and big guys, small guys will try to take share from everybody.
