Douglas Bettinger: Yes. There's a lot of different things that move gross margin around, which are overall business levels, you get product mix, you get a little bit of customer concentration some times that move it around. You've got a combination of all of those things occurring in the June quarter. And then it softens up a little bit in September, which is why I gave you a little bit of that color, which I normally wouldn't do. I think it will be a little bit later in the September.
Douglas Bettinger: I'm not going to quantify it numerically except just to tell you, it's going to be a little bit softer.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, we don't have specific disclosure on the agencies that we're working with. We have more to do. And we're kind of public with disclosure as and when certain kind of milestones are achieved, so you kind of have what you have. I think the important message is we're still confident of achieving approval for this transaction midyear. And I provide a little bit more kind of color in prepared comments. Again, basic headlines, there are no product overlaps between these two companies. And at least as best I can tell from every customer reaction I had before we announced this deal and every customer transaction that I've had the benefit of having subsequently, there is a genuine investments in the success of the combined company and the innovation that will be possible as a result of this investment.
Douglas Bettinger: Yes, I mean it's for sure. It's a 10-year roadmap to be very clear with you. And deposition and etch segments are well-recognized, I think, by every industry participants at this point, that we're kind of very central to vertical scaling. And the other reference I think that's relevant to answer your question is what's the roadmap for SSD. So this is probably the single biggest example in the semiconductor industry for IC unit demand creation. And there is a $30 billion hard disk drive marketplace that every solid-state drive company is pursing in our ability to contribute productivity and performance to that agenda is a real enabler of incremental IC unit demand, which is a supplement to what we're describing here. So from my point of view, it's a really exciting headline.
Douglas Bettinger: Harlan, the way we should think about it is, I'll just refer you back to the financial model that we shared with you at SEMICON West mid-last year, I mean that's how we think about managing the company. It won't be exactly that every single quarter, but we do have that in our minds when we let R&D spending. And by the way in the June quarter, the biggest uptick in spending will be R&D. But we're cognizant of the profitability of the company as we manage things.
Douglas Bettinger: So I mean another reference, and it's not a linear progression, so it's little hard for us to kind of give you much more than these two reference points, but the outperformance commentary of the company is highly correlated to the technology inflection 3D device architecture, multi-patterning we've talked about it many times. And our estimates of the proportion of WFE last year that was inflections-based it was 33%. Our estimate of the proportion of WFE that will be inflections-based in calendar '18 is approximately 55%. So we are on a journey. We've come from zero to 33% last year and we're on our way to the mid-50s few years from now.
Douglas Bettinger: There is a reason, Wes, we're saying non-volatile memory, because other things are beginning to happen.
Martin Anstice: Well, I certainly think there is a very compelling and thoughtful strategic rationale for the investments. I mean, the kind of balance of payments motivation from my point of view at least is very intuitive. As Doug outlined in his prepared comments today, the majority of today's investment is the international companies. And so clearly, there is upside to the extent that's there are indigenous company investments made, which to your point require access to technology one way or other, either it's acquired partners or developed internally. My instinct is that in the long-term, the investment that's available to our industry, the investments in WFE, naturally balances around supply and demand. And so is there a spike at the beginning of a geographic commitment to an investment like China, probably yes, and exactly how much, to be determined in my opinion. But I think at least perhaps if not more important question is, what are the opportunities for incremental IC unit demand to be created from this investments and what's capital equipment additions would prevail in that context. And I think we all recognize that incremental IC unit growth only occurs when there are performance or costs benefits above and beyond the baseline. And certainly the partnerships that emerged in China between design houses, semiconductor companies, electronics companies and ultimately semiconductor manufacturers create opportunities for partnerships to be attacked with demand. And whether performance benefits prevail is to be determined, and cost benefits obviously capture the government incentives and agenda that are relevant particularly in China in next several years. So I do expect a bump to be determined how big, I do think it's an authentic agenda. I do think it will be executed with discipline and I think in the long-term it's all about the costs and the performance of a chip.
Martin Anstice: Yes. So I think as best I can tell, it's kind of to four years plus minus a bit, that's kind of the customer dialog. Another piece of data is the data that I think included in my prepared comments that the 350,000 to 400,000 is a ships capacity reference, probably a third of that is being qualified at the end of the year. So it will take some time to get production ready. There are, I think, 1.3 million wafer starts per month of capacity in the non-volatile memory space. So the headline is less than 25% of it is capable of making a 3D device by the end this year. I think your question, obviously, is specifically unanswerable, because at the end of the day the pace at which the customer transitions is a byproduct of success in the marketplace on performance and cost. But the momentum is clearly there. It is the device. And our customers have made that commitment. So I think 95% of spending this year is 3D device architecture. And they will, as best I can tell, execute that over a four-year period, plus or minus a bit. And so three to five years is probably a reasonable proxy, but it speeds up or slows down on the basis of cost and performance.
Martin Anstice: And Tim, as you know, even once it converted, 3D will evolve in terms of layer count and the architecture. So even after playing it, a 3D is done making that conversion 3D-to-3D has a long way in front it.
Martin Anstice: No, simple answer. I mean, it really is kind of a PC and DRAM kind of story. There is a little bit of rebalancing going on between the June quarter and September quarter, but that will always be true and we'll probably see even more by the time we get there, in what direction I can't tell you today. But the headline for us in terms of the momentum, I think is really positive. We believe that as we're guiding today, our first half '16 shipments exceed our second half '15 shipments. We believe that we got potential for second half '16 shipments to exceed first half '16 shipments. And we're very confident that second half '16 revenues exceed first half '16 revenues. At a segment level, our first half '16 memory shipments exceed our second half '15 memory shipments. So that's probably a company specific commentary that you're going to have to kind of absorb and digest from a modeling point of view. But the real swing factor in terms of WFE was PC units and the consequence in DRAM, and certainly the good news is I made both of those statements, because if we had a PC adjustment and no adjustment in DRAM spending, we'd be setting ourselves up collectively for a bigger problem statement. So for me that's a great commentary on the industries ability to react through changes in their market.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think the most important headline today is the very same headline. We communicated I think in SEMICON West of 2014. And the headline was the most important selection decision is the production tool of record position and that's true for us as it is anybody else in the industry. And we all work really hard to get a development tool of record position, but the only way you actually extend that into a production tool of record position, which is where the money gets spent is by demonstrating an ability to meet the specifications that you've sold or positions and making a productive and repeatable and having kind of consistency of high volume manufacturing production for our customers. So that's a continuum, and all of sudden it's not just oh, we're done, we never have to worry about it any more, we have to work really hard every single day to make sure that the advantage that's we've been able to present that is legitimized our participation in staircase selections is something that's sustained itself over multiple years and that's clearly the objective for the company. So it's really about just the natural passing of time and transitioning from [indiscernible] staircase is an important application, it's not the most critical. I think you recollect that we have about 90% market share in the critical etch, after the critical etch and deposition applications in the 3D NAND transition, and that's the kind of foundation of competitive strength of the company and the staircase is something we work hard to position in the HVM selections and we're very pleased with the results, although we've got more work to do and more upside of course.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say, and this is going to be a Lam specific commentary, I will say for etch, I would not be thinking of it as particularly incremental. I think it's a commentary on more capability, more defendability, higher barriers of entry around the critical applications focus that we have in our company and the position of strength we have in etch. So for me as the technology roadmap of the customer gets more challenging, the bigger the proportion of etch-related differentiation will be occupied by atomic level control. The deposition also might be slightly different. And again, this is clearly a commentary for Lam Research, because we don't the comprehensive deposition product portfolio. We have, at least, one sizeable gap in the product portfolio compared to others. And so the atomic level deposition product roadmap for us has an opportunity to be disruptive more holistically and creates a growth potential for Lam Research above and beyond what might be available for a generic deposition kind of baseline.
Martin Anstice: I mean, clearly the market is telling it something with ASPs with announcements in the kind of the PC space and DRAM generally. I mean people are kind of adjusting their plans and there is still is significant legitimately to 20-nanometer transitions and 1x roadmaps and there is a generation or two beyond that in people's strategic plans. And there are real performances in cost benefits that go with our roadmap. But we're assuming we ended the year with slightly less capacity in terms of wafer starts than we began the year, which kind of sets us up nicely for next year.
Martin Anstice: I'm not really sure, I'm going to get your question here, but I'll give a shot. Obviously, we have a very long tail to our installed base business, when we sell something. So it's a 20 year commitment to our customers, once we sold a system in many respects and a 20 year opportunity in terms of upgradability and productivity improvements and so on and so forth. So clearly, this is the year where the majority of investments in logic and foundry are focused on leading-edge technology, but the cycle of investments in IoT and other broad marketplaces of 28 is creating installed base business opportunities above and beyond our baseline. You may recollect from our SEMICON West presentation a year or so ago, we talked about an objective to grow our installed business at a rate that was faster than our installed base segment growth. As we introduced new products and services to accommodate some respond to the productivity needs of our customers in the mature technology nodes and that's exactly what we're executing. So hopefully I got the essence of your question there.
Martin Anstice: So there clearly is an opportunity, and so incremental 28-nanometer shows up because it's a great node in many respects. So it has a good performance threshold and cost dynamic that is relevant for a lot of kind of IoT-related demand. And so it's kind of a sweet spot in many respects. We have kind of great position. We are developing, in some cases, new product to be more competitive in the more mature technology nodes. And there are even examples where we're introducing new 200 millimeter product, believe it or not for some of these applications. They are not necessarily material in the context of the revenues of the company, but hopefully illustrative of the commitment that we make to all customers, not just those customers with leading edge. And clearly, when it comes to productivity solutions, clearly when it comes to install base improvement, advance services, utilization, productivity and reuse are everything to do with the economics of the semiconductor industry these days and that's not really new. But to your points, we're finding ways to contribute more to the customer's success and create some expansion opportunities and increase market share for Lam at the same time.
Martin Anstice: You're seeing just pretty much everybody that's spending at the leading edge and some not at the leading edge, actually it's not really leading edge, making investments in China. And 80%-ish of the spending that we're seeing are global multinationals putting some level of capability in China, Steven. And it's not one; it's pretty much across the board. And I think it has been pretty well chronicled in the trade press who is making those investments.
Martin Anstice: You probably have to ask them. I mean, I am sure that the full spectrum of options will be exploited at some level, right. I mean, there are assets in place at 200 and below and assets of 300 and the customer will optimize that footprint as well as they can. But if they have presumably productive fabs at 200 millimeter that are technology nodes that meets and are correlated with the domestic demand, then they are as likely, if not more likely to stay in that form than be changed. So I mean our instinct is that if you go back to first principals here, performance and cost matter when it comes to the agenda and the sustainability of an agenda, it would seem more rational, the more of the spending at 300 millimeter related certainly in terms of greenfield.
Martin Anstice: Yes, Chris, I mean we've talked about these technology inflections, they will be a bigger percent of the total spend this year than they were last year and as you know that benefits us.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean, we had previously stated that all segments except NAND were second half biased. It is the by product of this PC and DRAM story. We would now say, memory first half '16 is stronger than second half of '16. And logic foundry, to your points, second half '16 is stronger than first half of '16. So if you want to kind of have first half, second half profile, our assumption is memory is in the mid-50s in the first half and foundry logic is 55 to 60 level in the second half of '16.
Martin Anstice: I don't think I'd call that DRAM. So I guess, I mean, as I call that 3D NAND or logic, I think there is, as we've discussed many times, there's a real value proposition here to high performing and lower cost non-volatile memory relative to solid-state drive and hard disk drive kind of trade off. So there is a compelling motivation to be as good as we can, and as an ecosystem as fast as we can. This is a pretty complex transition. And it's the first year where everybody has kind of invested in it, so it's not the easiest thing to do. But I would say, at least from the interactions I've had with customers, the direction in terms of yielding is very positive. So probably the biggest upside is 3D NAND in terms of really getting traction and how that plays out we'll see. Technically, there's probably upside in foundry relative to kind of 7-nanometer, but that's some ways off probably, if I interpret the comments from our customers in the last several days correctly.
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, I'm not going to be quantitative about these thoughts. But qualitatively, as best I can tell, C.J., there is much more substance to a 10 and 7 conversation in terms of performance and cost benefits for the fab-less community than what's true at '16. And the tape-out data that's presented looks like it is supporting that rationale. The fab-less community in the foundries have growth trajectories that exceed overall semiconductors, so I mean at the end of the day, it's going to boil down to the reality of power, processing speed and cost. And if the substance of those roadmaps is there from my point of view, they will be demanded. And I've seen a growth in those segments will create expansion in our industry, so that's the best I can do.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, the prepared comments actually were intended to communicate that. I mean we put a lot of time and effort in the last several years into engineering the set of products and services consistent with the objectives that you correctly stated. And we validated a number of those with the key customer selections last year and now it's about kind of broadening the penetration of those products. I would expect that the install base business as a proportion of our business goes up not down consistent with the some expansion that we're describing to you and executing on a day-by-day basis. So we come into the year pretty strong, I would say on installed based products and services.
Martin Anstice: Well, they're clearly is -- there is kind of roadmap for below 20 and there is clearly described value from a performance and the cost point of view and there clearly is some investments showing up this year. At least through the lead times that are relevant in our business, and actual in deposition, we don't expect the second half to be stronger than the first half. But depending on your lead times, it could well be and if you have long lead times and that's your conclusion that probably bodes well for us in the first quarter of next year.
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, not. And I'd love to help you, Wes, but it's one of the more strategic kind of product lines in the company. There are hugely complex dynamics associated with positioning in ALD technology against others. So we are behaving with stealth for reasons that are really important to us in terms of competitive advantage.
Martin Anstice: I think, we've also got to be a little bit careful with disclosure, but I've heard at least one other equipment company say what I'm about to say, which is, the vast majority of spending is related to traditional kind of 3D NAND architecture. And I'll leave it at that, if I may.
Martin Anstice: I frankly, I literally never think about seasonality, because I don't know what it would mean for our business anymore for all the same reasons that I don't know what cyclicality means anymore. I mean the second to the industry are trending and tracking, definitely this is a very strategic year. And best counsel I can give you, relative to modeling Lam, is what we've said, the long-term financial model is the best calibration for kind of profitability and performance, given WFE. And you've heard us describe an expectation that our second half revenues are higher than first half revenues this year. And we've got a decent shot having some upside in shipments as well, second half over first half. So that's the best we can offer you at this point.
Martin Anstice: My presumption is not, but that's an industry answer, not a company answer, because we like obviously as many customers as we can have and we don't have so many. But honestly speaking, I think as an equipment industry we're agnostic to kind of who is spending the money. My presumption is, if there is demand for ICs, someone will fill it, and they'll need to buy equipment to make it. So there are five companies participating in a non-volatile memory RAM, as the best I know on a significant scale, and they are competing with intensity to get their fair share and we're supporting all of them in the exercise of their objectives. But if one yields faster or slower, presumably it makes itself out for the industry.
