Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, you're absolutely right. We're only guiding one quarter at time but and I'm not going to give you a specific answer on December but I will qualitatively say, I think December will continue to be a strong for us. Your math -- I don't look at WFE on a quarterly basis, I'm sure you're doing the math right, but you're also right about the observation on share spend and where memory is trending and all of those things, we're setting up I think for a pretty good second half, Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And C.J. maybe I'd just add, I mean more near term tactically relative to what's going on this year. I think NAND is a little bit ahead of DRAM relative to the pace of recovery. When I look at the market both are kind of managing inventory investment -- investing what I described as or tried to with a prudent cadence, that's gotten end up this year and DRAM maybe up a little bit, but not too much. I really do think DRAM will be more 2021 story. So think about that near term and then on top of that as it relates to Lam, I mean we're doing extremely well in Foundry as well. So, factor that in when you think about what's going on with our company.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, C.J. In this part of the business, the deferred stuff we had at the end of March, really wasn't impacting things. The deferred, if you remember what we described at the end of March, had to do with back ordered shipment. That was really all about new equipment. So I don't think there's anything terribly unique going on in CSBG, Tim unless there's something.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, maybe a comment from me, my sense is, it's not, there is nothing pulled in say no, we may be wouldn't know if it was or wasn't a little bit. But given we've concluded the rules are not impacting our ability to ship. I don't know why anybody would think there should be pulling things in right.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And Harlan, just one or two comments from me. The way I think about it is what matters to Lam is the number of leading edge wafers in the entire industry that are put in place, whether it's in-source, outsource, largely doesn't matter too much. Either way it needs equipment, right? Independent of where it goes, we're selling largely the same things to the industry.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan. I think we've got nicely caught up. I don't think we're completely caught up as we sit here today, but we made very nice progress during the quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John. The biggest individual item, when I look at it is freight and logistics. I mean freight lanes are more restricted than they were obviously pre-COVID. Things are more expensive. Really tough to mitigate that. I mean, to a certain extent, you take the price, you do your best negotiate it, but you're somewhat of a price-taker there. That doesn't mean we're not, as I tried to describe working to drive efficiency, effectiveness elsewhere in the operation. That's what Lam is extremely good at doing and we're doing that, but that is where the challenges are right now. I'm not going to quantify it, John. But it is impacting gross margin to a certain extent. I don't know, Tim, if you want to add anything.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish. Obviously, when we put a financial model out, not all that long ago in March, we comprehended some aspect of memory being at a higher investment level. CSPG growing. Our strength in foundry continuing to grow. So you have the data points.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, no problem, Toshiya. We haven't quantified what is in which segment in China but I forget if Tim said or if I said it in the script, it kind of blurs in my mind sometimes, we said its broad-based in China, in all segments. So it isn't just one, it's a broad set of customers that are investing. So, think of it that way, it's not one or the other. And you're right and I wouldn't characterize China's inefficient in the investment, it's just when customers are investing for the first time or are relatively new to investing in capacity, you got to buy it. Then you have to ramp it and it takes time for that to happen. It's not unique to any one geography or any one customer that is really what's going on and over time customers get more efficient as they ramp things. That's how I think about it, Tim. I don't know…
Doug Bettinger: No, not really, Toshiya. I mean I just mentioned it because one, they were a little bit longer term and two, they were bigger than perhaps typical and to me is very much part of how we run this business. It's the customer has faith and confidence in your ability to deliver and provide value, it is consistent with what we expect that business to do and it has done in the past. I just mentioned it because it was notable when we looking at the results this quarter.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I think Tim specifically mentioned in his script there's puts and takes in here, right. It's ended up at the same level. I would suggest to you that more consumer-oriented stuff is a little bit weaker, smartphones, as an example, smartphone units aren't the same as we thought at the beginning of the year that is creating a little bit of a downtick but that's offset by other things going on in hyperscale cloud consumption of silicon, work-from-home type things and net-net, one is up a little bit once down a little bit. We're in the same place that we began the year.
Doug Bettinger: No, we never forecast the GOPs. I wouldn't expect it to be wildly different than what you've seen over the last couple of quarters or so from a directional standpoint.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I mean obviously the majority of WFE spending is outside of China. 2/3 of it is outside of China. Right. And so you're seeing the contribution of WFE across every geography, right. It's more about what's going on in the end markets. That's how you should be thinking about it right. Foundry is strong this year, NAND up from last year, DRAM maybe up a little bit, but to a large extent that's geographically independent.
Doug Bettinger: If you're thinking about forecasting, we gave you data points at the Investor Day, which was Pat Lord, who manages this business for us suggested that by 2023-24, it will have grown 40%. So there is your data point for how to forecast it. Chamber count is critically important but Pat and Tim talked about, it's not just chambers, it's dollar per chamber growing from, I think we, I forget what year we indexed it back to 2013, maybe...
Doug Bettinger: It was one point. Yes, it was 1.0 then it had gone to 1.5 and we had objectives to continue growing it to 1.7, which was what was baked in the model. So that's how you should think about it. Chamber count is important. We're also driving some of the innovative service offerings like Tim talked with remote diagnostic on equipment and things, to try to add more value for the customers and get paid for it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe. I didn't quantify that. I'd say we've got nicely caught up. I also said we're not completely caught up at the end of the June quarter and that's as much as I think we're going to give you right now. We're driving efficiencies. We're getting much better. I think, Tim and I are pretty happy with how the supply chain is performing.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, probably, Joe. I mean, we said last quarter, we were pausing in -- we actually came back into the market a little bit before the end of the quarter. So we're back, looking at things and I've always said it's opportunistic in terms of how we do what we do and we'll continue to be opportunistic.
Doug Bettinger: Weston, I'm not going to give you a forecast for next year yet. I think there'll be plus or minuses assuming we get back to normal, we get a vaccine, the therapeutic regimen, what have you. I think we're going to learn from how we're operating right now and be better over time. I mean that's what Lam is really very good at. Looking at an opportunity, getting better and systematically doing it that way. I think we will do that. And yes, if we get back to normal travel, come back a little bit. I don't think it would come back -- comes back to where it was, but again, we'll keep managing the P&L in the right way.
Tim Archer: Sure, I'll start C.J. and then let Doug add something if you want to do. Obviously, what we have, we've been saying for quite some time is that memory is a story of one kind of coming off what was a very strong 2018 and a couple of years of then digesting that, but at the same time, there are underlying growth drivers that I think you're seeing everywhere for both NAND and DRAM, that give us greater confidence in what we've stated is long-term bit demand growth in the high 30s for NAND and in the high teens for DRAM. If those are correct and like I said, I gave you a few of the examples of where the big consumers of NAND and DRAM from an application perspective on the horizon, we think that memory investment has to continue to grow for years to come. Yes, obviously at our Investor Day, we laid out a model of a more normalized memory spending level in the context of total $60 billion WFE and in that environment we grow the company quite significantly.
Tim Archer: No. I think it's -- again, it's just the efforts as we've said to continue to provide services to grow our revenue opportunity per chamber. And also just our business as you pointed out, as our company continues to grow faster, the installed base grows faster and generates more opportunity.
Tim Archer: Sure, I mean, I think Tim, in my comments I talked about our assessment. It was quite an extensive diligence process that we went through which consisted both of our own conversations in questioning of the customers and their certification as well as the use of third party research and also validation by outside counsel and we arrived at our conclusions, as I stated, no material, financial or business impact as a result of all of that work. Now, that is an ongoing activity for us, means that we are continually assessing and doing that kind of research and so that's something that we have committed to but at this point that is our conclusion, if by your question about and connection to domestic China WFE. I don't think that's a connection that we're making and basically we are saying that China has plans to invest and I indicated that a lot of the investment is coming from NAND as well as Foundry and at least in our view right now. We have not made that connection that somehow domestic China WFE is in any way really affected by these rules one way or the other.
Tim Archer: Yes, okay. Let me try to take that, Harlan, to start. Obviously, we don't want to comment about the specific plans of any one customer, but to your point of the industry moving to outsource model, I mean, obviously that's a more than 20 year story and I think that anything that allows wafers ultimately to be produced with better technology at lower costs, however, that's done, in-house or outsourced, is what's good for the industry and that's good for Lam. I'm quite certain that as a result of the advances that have happened on the Foundry side, Lam's business has benefited tremendously in the last 20 years and that just comes back to a statement that I've made a number of times, which is the best thing for Lam is that technology nodes continue to migrate. We have greater SAM at every technology node migration across NAND, DRAM and Foundry logic and so every company has to decide for themselves, what's sort of the best answer to advancing technology at the best cost. That can be in-house, can be outsourced. What we care about is whether that technology advances and more wafers get produced and so I think, we obviously watch it and we look at the impact on our business. But ultimately Foundry hasn't been bad for the industry or for Lam.
Tim Archer: No. The only thing I'd add is; obviously, Doug pointed out some near term headwinds on the cost side. You know fully, we would expect those to eventually roll back as things normalize post COVID. But I mentioned this point of the acceleration of remote support technologies. And I think that's -- while we haven't fully quantified kind of what the benefit could be, clearly some of the benefits of less travel and more productivity of kind of worldwide engineers who can now connect into fabs and provide expertise via some new technologies, that actually will be likely a cost and kind of personnel benefit for us, so in -- down in the future. And so we're investing in that and I think it's a positive headwind just further -- positive tailwind just up further down the road.
Tim Archer: Sure. I don't know if I'm -- I don't know if we're prepared quite to quantify it for you on this call, but what I can tell you, is it kind of follows on from my earlier comment about customers and just the industry in general looks for the best way to achieve the performance that's required at the lowest cost. And sometimes that's by looking at total system performance and these advanced packaging 3D chiplets, these sorts of technologies, actually are one way to deliver system performance without having to necessarily utilize the most advanced node chips for every application. And our position has been very strong. We've been -- we were an early investor there. We have leading positions on both the etch and depth side in TSV applications and we think that we're extremely well positioned when that comes. And so, every time we hear about acceleration, we're actually quite encouraged. But it's something that our high aspect ratio etching processes and our ability, I think most people recognize our leadership for 20 plus years in copper electroplating fill. Those are critical technologies for these 3D packaged and heterogeneous integration applications.
Tim Archer: I think Doug's signaling, I can't quantify that. Of course, we have quantified it and that's why my comment was, we believe our opportunity. We knew there'd be this peak question but my comment was, regardless of the fact that our revenues are approaching the last time and therefore the peak question starts to come up, the setup is quite different and in fact, that's why we pointed out, our memory mix today is a much lower. WFE is not back there and so I guess probably you can do the -- do it just as easily as we can. But there is still significant upside as memory growth continues not only to return to prior levels, but also to continue to grow to meet all of these new application drivers that we've talked about.
Tim Archer: Well, all of these new adoptions that I keep talking about, these are, these are LAM's efforts to expand the application base for ALD and which means it's a technology-driven decision. But usually what has -- I mean, in the past, what has held back ALD from adoption in many of these cases was, it's great technology, but the productivity wasn't -- it wasn't affordable to put in at a certain nodes. So people pushed it out. What we've done is, we've married both an expanding film set, more applications with, as I said, architecturally enabled productivity and we're getting a lot of traction across a number of different applications. I talked about 3D NAND gap fill, talked about a multilayer application in Foundry/Logic that's a different material, talked about critical spacers and so it's just we've broadened I think the target market for ALD and we're seeing good traction.
Tim Archer: Yes, no, as you suggest in the earlier question, I think thinking about the model we've put out just back at Investor Day, I think by the time you get to the 2023-2024 timeframe, we've comprehended that those additions in China are effectively the same as additions elsewhere in the world. So we don't think there is some extra inefficient spending in that case that's driving numbers higher for Lam. So I think if you just look back at that model that's a relatively efficient spend across all segments in 2023-2024.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that again it's -- the beauty of the CSBG business is, it probably -- it doesn't change on the time scale that you're talking about here relative to any particular quarter's change in shipments. I don't think you're going to see that and we have an installed base in excess of 60,000 chambers. And we're driving revenue in our CSBG business off of tools that were shipped 20 plus years ago and there is upgrade cycles in their service contracts that Doug talked about, there's consumable parts. And so I don't think you're going to see that. But as I said, that's the beauty of this. This is the, let's say, it's a stabilizing function for the company's revenue, and that's why we're investing heavily in this and it delivers value for the customers in reuse of and extension of installed tools.
Tim Archer: Yes, I can -- okay. Well, I think it's the second quarter that we've actually put out the data. But I think the couple of pieces of information to think about. One is, we've said that the business will grow every year and that's simply because again the installed base is growing every year and again we're investing to try to create more services, value-added services and products for that installed base. We haven't really made a comment about, does it grow every quarter. I mean, because it's -- again it's --you can be influenced by certain service contracts, certain upgrade decisions that customers make in any given quarter, but year-to-year, you can think about it growing every year. It maybe a little bit less about segments. I've talked in the past about critical applications and Lam's focus on critical applications and the importance of that. I mean, one, they are sticky, but two, they actually tend to drive more parts and service requirements because the customers have to keep those systems at absolute top performance because they're performing the most difficult applications in the customers' fab. And so you tend to see a little bit more pull-through on the CSBG business for the critical applications where Lam is extremely strong. And so maybe that's -- yes, maybe it's a little less by device type but more by the application requirements. And also critical applications tend to drive a more frequent upgrade cycle as the customers need to keep the installed base kind of performing for that latest technology node.
Tim Archer: Well, we have a global manufacturing factory network that we're highly confident in, I think it's unlikely that that's the scenario. I didn't want --I did not give you a maximum output for our factory network. I was only wanting to indicate that clearly we were supply constrained in the last quarter, was one of the reasons why we were unable to provide our normal guidance. Now with capability beyond $3 billion, we're confident in our September quarter and we're confident that over time, we'll continue to ramp that higher and higher. So it was -- we're not going to divulge our exact manufacturing capacity, but I'm quite certain we can continue to meet higher demand.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think the only thing I'd add is at the same time, we've, obviously, I think we have a great track record of managing OpEx and you can kind of look at the results to support that. But we are investing in our 2023, 2024 plans. I mean, you've seen some of our announcements recently. The construction of a technology center in Korea, obviously there's expenses associated with that. It's a strategic investment to expand our R&D capabilities, put it closer to some of our largest customers. We are building a new manufacturing facility in Malaysia, which again is going to expand our global manufacturing network, provide additional business resilience, help take some cost out of manufacturing structure. So, there are some near-term investments that we're confident in our long-term plan. And so we are pushing those through even right now. And we are seeing some of that reflected in our expenses as well, so, maybe that's offsetting a little bit some of the savings that that Doug talked about. But I wanted to get into the product and R&D, we continue to push more into R&D because we think it's the long-term growth engine of the company and we are really confident in our product pipeline and new products coming out.
