Martin Anstice: I think if I try to answer that definitively, I'd be a little bit misleading. I think that it’s still early days but based on the data points that we see today Stephen, we see sustainability in the context of the discipline of capital investments, the relative balance and stability between kind of supply and demand as best we can tell in the industry. And particularly on the last part of your question, the China story, the domestic China story at least we believe it's more of a calendar ’18 investment than calendar ’17. So really our comments are comments about discipline in capacity additions and what we think are pretty compelling and exciting, and sustainable long-term demand trends. At the end of the day if that plays out as it is more generally described today the investment will follow.
Martin Anstice: Honestly Stephen, I've never been a really big fan of capital intensity ratios because I think it kind of whipsaws us around in terms of the analytics in any one quarter and the reality is the economics of an addition in new capacity is a very different economics than a conversion. We're pretty agnostic in the NAND space to how our customers execute those plans as we've previously described. And in terms of wafer starts, it looks to us like the investments of this year are kind of pretty balanced between Greenfield and conversion. So we look to the sustainability question more in terms of kind of balance of bit growth demand and our understanding of supply additions. And I think kind of the market generally is telling that story. So I don't really have anything to tell you that will cause the future to be very different from the past in terms of that particular metric.
Martin Anstice: Maybe just kind of two things to add quickly. I think our outlook today at least would cause us to believe that the December quarter is our weakest shipments quarter of the year, so that's kind of one extra data point. Another one is just kind of plain simple math of the disclosure that we've given, so the sum of our actual performance in our guidance today is the first half shipment of 4.9. You will I'm sure all make their own judgments about how much better the balance is than we previously described, but if you just use the math of 55/45 proxy than the shipments for the year is approximately $8.9 billion and in a ramping year the revenues lack the shipment. So I think those numbers are the ones that we're kind of intending you to embrace.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, it's pretty simple to think through this Tim, when you've got shipments that are growing the way we have the last several quarters, revenue almost always lags at growth and shipments. When shipments level off or if they were to decline sequentially, revenue will catch up, it's just a natural progression of the timing between with something shows up at the customer's dock and it gets into acceptance and revenue.
Martin Anstice: And just adding, I would say, honest hard work and when you hear us talk about our customer trust orientation, when you hear us talk about collaborative and partnership orientation that's pretty fundamental relative to sustaining your ability to perform and execute with the level of variability that is part of our business through the consolidation of our customers in the last several years. So our supply chain and our own factory and our field service engineers have done a tremendous job scaling in a very short period of time. And we continue to be proactive as proactive as we can be based on our visibility to ensure that investments are kind of made ahead of the need to support and service our customers. And competitively as best I can tell, we're doing just fine.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean I think you know one of our headlines obviously is there's a long way to go with the NAND story. And as I know you understand extremely well the economics of that device architecture are one of the most relevant parts to the penetration of SSDs and so on and so forth. So, I mean there's a positive for every negative. We see a long way to go, we see compelling demand drivers for that architecture and as we've described a number of times particularly in critical applications, the high volume manufacturing position of Lam in that inflection is outstanding. That's the best word that I could use to describe the position that we worked hard to achieve and sustain. So there's a long way to go and best we can tell, commitment to technology and sustainability to investment will go up and down along the way for sure, but long term, it feels pretty good.
Martin Anstice: And maybe just to add to that, let's kind of go back to disclosure of the last earnings call, because there's two stories in the company, one of them is the story of creating a road map of products and technology that was relevant for inflections anticipating how those inflections would have a concentration of spending for etch and deposition particularly. The second part of it was building the competitiveness of the portfolio we have so we get a bigger share of it and we gave two very important headlines in the last earnings call. One of them was the statement about how our foundry business grows and we characterized the growth in our foundry business year-over-year ’16, ’15 of 40% compared to a 25% WFE reference and we also stated that in NAND, we grow shipments by 80% year-over-year almost twice as the rate of WFE growth. So the headcount of the company is a lifecycle statement. So you add headcount when you prepare to do that and you add headcounts when you're in the middle of doing it and to some extent through the lifetime in an installed base business, the tail will demand at certain points, adding additional headcounts for many years to come and that's a natural commentary on the evolution of the company.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. In my opinion, no. I mean I might be wrong, but I think that there has been a fundamental transition in the industry as the supply chain is matured and as there's been concentration in the semiconductor industry. The traditional history of the industry was an over investment for many players and then a contraction. I think that's kind of long gone by virtue of scale and scope of the economics of the industry and the technical risks and opportunities to kind of go with it. But what is always still true is it's still difficult to predict and maybe increasingly so because there is no one kind of killer app or killer devices that diverse the demand drivers. It’s more difficult to predict for our customers and therefore for us. There is some variability of spending and one element of our focus on competitive differentiation is business model flexibility and it’s not actually that easy to ramp the capacity of your company by 40% to an average baseline of prior year. I mean that's a lot of hard work. The variability and flexible business model is a critical part of the success of the company and hopefully that will be a long term statement of value for our shareholders.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I think I'd probably say the same thing today that I've said for a while now and there clearly seems to be conviction to a plan that looks rational in terms of its kind of fundamental business objectives and your ability to execute as a byproduct of two things, knowing how to make the devices you want to sell and then having the operational scale to pull it off and whether that comes from M&A or IP licensing or just the developments of organic know how, I think we will see over time as best we can tell, we still believe that the China memory investment conversation is more a calendar ’18 story than calendar ’17 story and just to give you a little bit more color on the calendar ’18 kind of holistically, we're tracking about 10 new fabs next year and to our understanding of the investment plans in those fabs, more than 80% of the wafer start additions will be not in China. So that's another data point that hopefully allows you to triangulate a little more.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think whether it’s accelerating enough, I'll let you decide. But at least for the last couple of years, we've had a pretty intense focus on broadening our work I would say to a customer. So advanced services agenda and a creative use of software, really employing strategies around machine learning and harnessing the data from the information that's available to us and to our customers in ways that create value, whether it’s productivity oriented or extendibility oriented, there's a number of very meaningful projects. The business has been growing faster than the pace of the installed base and it continues to do so this year. And I would say we would expect the momentum in kind of the ’18 to be stronger than ’17 on that point. But it takes some time right and you develop new products and services, there's no magic depending on swing. It takes a number of years to really demonstrate and deliver the value and have the customer convicted that transition makes sense for them.
Martin Anstice: Most of the increment was ten at least compared and contrasted with our comments of the last earnings call and I don't know that our expectations for broadening are any different today than they were then. We expected there to be a number of customers making those investments and it's kind of playing out that way. Maybe one of the things I could have actually added earlier and maybe I’ll do it now, Harlan, is when we look at our first half, second half, we believe that the first half memory is stronger than the second half memory from a shipments point of view and logic foundry is stronger second half than first half. So that's our view of kind of wafer fabrication equipment spending balance in the first half, second half by segment.
Martin Anstice: Interesting question. I don't know if I would articulate a cadence message. I mean clearly there's a commitment to technology in conversions in memory and DRAM this year and that was a big part of the increments year-over-year from a spending and overall performance of the company. But I still don't think we're modeling any more than 25% of the installed base at the 1X node by the end of this year. So that’s a reference there and maybe there's a statement on cadence, but there's clearly momentum and ambition to 64 layer devices. But if you look at the installed base of 3D NAND capacity at the end of this year, there's still a pretty broad mix of 3D capacity, right. So not only is there the reality that approximately half of the NAND installed base is 3D capable, there is the dynamic that some proportion of that 3D capable device is 32 player device capable, some proportion is 48 and some proportion is 64. So there's a long way to go with the installed base and supply chain, independent of the demand story.
Martin Anstice: I have no idea. I mean it’s such a precise question with due respect. I mean, the complexity of the customers’ roadmap and spending, there are so many moving parts on that. I mean the best I can give you is that you got to take your own position on how much legitimate demand there is for 3D nonvolatile memory. We're pretty optimistic, but you make your own call on that. Whatever the level of demand that there is, Lam Research is going to perform better than the average equipment company maybe by a long way and that's the message we've tried to convey in terms of the criticality of etch and deposition in the device manufacturing process flow and it's the message that we try to articulate relative to critical applications, market share etch and dep at the 90% level. And it's the message that we've tried to articulate in terms of market share generally from plaintiffs to 3D which is almost a double digit gain in market share. So whatever it is, Lam Research is going to be a company in the mix of equipment companies that will be on the kind of upper end of the scale of performance as long as we keep executing in the ways that we have demonstrated in the last several years. I apologize I can’t answer directly your question, but hopefully that context is helpful.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean, obviously, the comments from any one customer are going to be WFE comments and the comments have come from the company, from us or segment specific, right. So our story is generally as you articulated in the microprocessor space. I think we've conveyed now for a couple of years a very different reality of engagement with the customer than was true five years ago and as I already noted again by repeating the disclosure of the last earnings call, our market share momentum in foundry has also been positive through the 10 nanometer and 7 nanometer transitions and all of that is true and supplemented by the fact that through the 10 and 7 and 5 nanometer technology roadmap, the proportion of SAM in etch and deposition systematically increases with the adoption of EUV that’s I would say the consensus adoption assumptions and that's really a commentary on the progress that's been made in the economics of multi-patterning and it's a commentary on the insertion of EUR with a multi-patterning process flow and it's a commentary on probably 70% of multi-patterning integration schemes being spacer based. So there's a lot of kind of moving parts, but pretty positive story I think independent of the overarching statement that you've made and maybe one last point, logic and foundry are as invested as ever if not more so in utilizing their installed base and that will continue to be true for all of our customers.
Martin Anstice: It's about the same and I would say as a context, I'm a keynote speaker in SEMICON conferences all around the world. So I don't read too much into, I happened to show up in China. So we continue to believe there's substance to their ambition. We continue to believe they're working really hard and as is true for our customers globally, our job is to support as best we can and that's true for every customer wherever they are.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I don't know Atif that we've quantified it specifically and I don't think we're going to today. What I would tell you directionally relative to last year is it’s stronger this year than it was last year, probably not as strong as it was the year before, but we're seeing nice momentum in image sensor and it's a very etch and deposition intensive process and our position is strong. Our share position is very strong. 
Martin Anstice: We're not assuming much of anything in terms of increased wafer stocks I would say in DRAM just as a general modeling statement and I'd say that for 18 as much as they would ’17 and maybe even ’20. I mean I think our long term model is basically kind of flat lined wafer stocks in DRAM. The spending is all about technology conversion. Generally speaking, the demand statement is all about content more than units of any one device and there are some really interesting kind of demand opportunities for our customers and clearly there are some rumors I would say at various points in time around speculating of increased investments if and when our customers start articulating that, then obviously we're well positioned than we would participate naturally in that as strongly as we have in our past.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean I think the industry is at a still and customers specifically are still working through the answers to those questions. From a traditional scaling point of view, vertical scaling point of view, I mean we have customer engagements that extend beyond the 96 layer. So we’re actively working with customers of that layer count in its element environment and as is true, if a customer can continue the same integration scheme and same equipment selection and the same materials, they’ll work really hard to do that. So I think if the solutions that exist technically work for people from a productivity point of view, then it's much more likely to be a continuation of the same trend. But the industry is just beginning its transition to 64 layer device architecture and there's a lot of learning ahead of the industry. So I see both scenarios potentially playing out with an overwhelming bias to stay with vertical scaling as an architectural choice just because it's the lowest risk path normally.
Martin Anstice: I'm really excited about where the electronics industry is generally. I mean, from my perspective, I don't know that in my 16 years of this industry and this company, I'd be more excited by the diversity of kind of innovation and opportunity for the silicon roadmap. I think it's just tremendous time. And if you're investing consistent with that opportunity, you've got a nice future ahead if you can kind of keep executing and solving very complex technical problems. So I'm really excited and that's a very holistic statement on some pretty compelling diverse -- device diverse application technology drivers that are relevant to cloud and enterprise and mass storage agendas as well as the advanced computation agenda that is necessary to really harness the value out of a connected world. So I mean that's the excitement for me. None of that can happen without a silicon roadmap. So that's pretty cool. What am I most worried about? I am not worried about that much if I'm honest with you in the long term. I mean you've got to keep executing and this is a hard industry. We have to work really hard to do what we do. So our focus and our intensity around operational execution is something that takes a lot of hard work. The macro is an unknown and uncontrollable and hence the focus on flexibility and variability in our business model and the technical challenges don't get easier, but I feel like the technical depth of our company is one of our strengths. 
Martin Anstice: Actually, on the fly, I don't know that I know that there's a particular bias one way or the other. It was and continues to be at least in terms of wafer starts to pretty balanced year between kind of new greenfields and the conversion, maybe slightly more conversion, but it is pretty balanced. And certainly our expectations at the end of calendar ’17 for shipped capacity in active qualification mode kind of similar to the level that’s going into the year. So no real story in terms of supply and demand imbalance.
Martin Anstice: Yeah. I mean, the customers obviously are most qualified to answer that question. As best as I can tell, there was an intended conversion of the majority of the installed base over a period that runs probably four years from now. And that's without kind of the conversation around the secular demand trends and what that means for kind of bid growth and so on and so forth. So I believe if we're sitting here in four years’ time, there will still be some planar installed base, but it will be a minority.
Martin Anstice: Well I think the reality of frankly the entire industry, not just NAND is, if a customer can keep doing what they're doing which is a commentary on materials and device architecture and process flow and equipment selection, they have every interest to do that because that's where the learning is and these are hard problems and challenges. So that tends to, not that any one of us are isolated from the competitive realities of life. But once you have high volume manufacturing positions and you have a learning that other people do not, your positions are generally very strong. So there is nothing extraordinary about the 96 layer structure in terms of how the customer will sink through and select equipments and we have the strongest high volume manufacturing position in the segments of our industry. So it doesn't mean we don’t have to work hard, because we do. But we feel confident about the future of the company and the trajectory of our performance we've described to you.
Doug Bettinger: The only thing I’d like to point out Stephen is obviously, you know what memory revenue is likely to be this year, it's super strong, right. And so you’ve always have to think about affordability and clearly the levels that are going on today are affordable given how strong revenue and memory is.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I mean we're - Tim, as you know we guide one quarter at time, we’ll give you a little bit of color which is what Martin did, when he said a little more balanced than the 55/45 and there's also reason I gave you the deferred revenue number, so you can think about how that likely transpires through the year. I'm not going to guide the third calendar quarter or the fourth, but I think we've given you enough to model it pretty closely.
Doug Bettinger: But specifically is your question, Tim, as more kind of headline for us in terms of the timelines for ship to install and therefore acceptance of revenues. In any one quarter and you don't get to see this unfortunately, but the specific scheduling of shipments in any one week or any one day of any one month, I mean, that kind of jerks the ratios around. So there's is no real story here in terms of kind of changing dynamic of timeline.
Doug Bettinger: I mean it’s continued focus on just managing our remote factories, managing our own internal facilities, anticipating what we were going to need to be able to support at this point months and months ago and communicating that to our supply chain partners, Patrick. I mean it's operational excellence, the way Lam has always executed, just at a different scale here.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, you’re reading too much into Krish. I mean, any time you're doing more this year than you did last year you need more people to execute that, that's the statement around R&D. The biggest area of increase in headcount though Krish is, operations as well as the field who are shipping product real time and installing it at the customers facility.
Doug Bettinger: C.J., the guidance I gave you as you think to margin percentages, even though we’re maybe not exactly on the financial model, we provided to you the margin percentages in the financial model are still good guideposts if you will in terms of how to model our business. So I’d encourage you to go back and have a look at what we shared with you in November there.
Doug Bettinger: I’ll give you a comment, Toshiya. I think March is probably the low point in terms of what the calendar year looks like from a system shipment standpoint in the logic and other, it’s going to strengthen through the back half of the year.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Romit with all due respect, 27 and 26 isn’t wildly different. So me guiding you back the model is a place that you ought to gravitate towards. I don't have a model out there that's a $10 billion model, Romit, but if there was one, it probably would be better profitability than the $9 billion model. There is leverage in the model. You've seen it from us as we've grown and I would expect that you would continue to see it if we were to grow beyond the high end of what I have out there right now.
Doug Bettinger: When we announced the buyback, it was $1 billion program, $1 billion buyback over a 12 to 18 month timeframe. As we executed through it, I felt like getting into the June quarter, we needed to step up the pace a little bit to execute to what we said we're going to do and that's what we're doing and why we're doing a little bit more in June. And yet Romit, I wish I'd done it a quarter ago when the share price was lower, but hindsight's always 2020 with stuff like that.
Doug Bettinger: Mehdi, we finished last quarter, I think it was probably about -- maybe a little bit about 30% onshore, so about 70% offshore. Whole question around tax reform and when or if or what have you obviously is very topical and feels like every day, it's a little bit different. We're very much taking a wait and see approach, now whether or not to be any tax reform, there's a variety of different ways you navigate through that. But I'm more encouraged today than ever that we're actually going to get something done.
