Tim Archer: Okay. I will take that question, Harlan. It’s – I think, as you said, we clearly are seeing some weaknesses in certain parts of the market, and we have customers in the memory space and others have been publicly sounding the tone on being a little bit more cautious about their CapEx and spending going forward. I believe that we’ve also been saying, though, for several quarters now that we believe the memory customers have generally been quite disciplined in their spending and how they look at the market. I think it’s one of the things that has made that particular segment of the industry quite healthy in recent years, and that is that they respond fairly quickly to changes that they see in pricing and in demand. So that’s something I think we’ve become accustomed to dealing with. Frankly, what I’d say though on the demand side is that we really haven’t seen any significant change in the demand signals from our customers. And some of that could be, as you pointed out, that lead times remain stretched and I think people want to take some time to look at how this market is evolving from different drivers. But we certainly acknowledge that ‘23, there is a fair bit of uncertainty and there are different scenarios that could play out. But I think that Lam is well prepared to execute through whichever those scenarios actually transpire.
Tim Archer: Yes, I’ll take the first part and let Doug speak specifically maybe the deferred revenue. I think that we talked in the last couple of calls about having somewhere in the order of about 40 task forces deployed out to our critical customers. So we said the constraints were pretty broad-based. I mean clearly, things like IC component shortages have gotten a lot of attention. But instead it was broader than that. We’ve seen improvements across a number of those constrained commodities. But we still have constraints. And that’s – you see it in how we’re still spending, managing our supply chain in the numbers Doug talked about and also in the fact that deferred revenue actually continue to grow a little bit in the June quarter. So we’re nowhere near to where I would say that the supply chain overall is executing like it had in the past. But we’ve seen kind of broad improvements as a result, we think of specific actions Lam has taken. And I’ll let Doug talk about the September deferred revenue.
Tim Archer: Yes, Tim, it’s – in our view, it’s primarily an adjustment we’ve made based on supply constraints and challenges. Since we gave our last guidance, which we had put at $100 billion of WFE, not only have we seen kind of how we’re performing, but we’ve also heard from others in the industry. And so we have to – in trying to give a WFE number look to how the entire industry is executing and not just how Lam is performing. And so we felt it prudent to lower that WFE outlook based on what look to be still a lot of industry-wide constraints. And so from a demand perspective, as I just said in the last answer, I really haven’t seen any meaningful change that’s really embedded in that lowering of WFE. There is always some tools and projects that move around. But right now, as you see with our deferred revenue and the fact that we’re not meeting all demand, if anybody slides out a little bit, somebody else is sliding right into that slot. So we’re fully utilized at this point at the numbers we just gave.
Tim Archer: And Tim, the only thing I would add on that point is there is a – there are a lot of questions obviously coming about is the industry slowing or there are some pockets that are going to ease up think if that’s the case, some of the things that are headwinds to us in gross margin right now. I mean, a lot of the expedites and premiums that we’re paying on things like ICs, you would expect those to begin to moderate if some of the outlooks are that some of this demand either gets caught up or maybe or slows down a bit going forward. So I think there is room for gross margin improvement, as Doug said, over the longer run.
Tim Archer: Okay. Yes, sure. So C.J. is actually just out there not too long ago. I’d say from an execution perspective and a lot of the improvement we’re looking at, I’d say the Malaysia ramp is going extremely well. We’re still in a ramping phase there, still in the mode of building out and developing the supply chain. Some of that, especially the supply chain development might be a little bit behind where we would have wanted to be at the volumes. And that’s simply because supply chain globally is struggling to ramp. And whether that’s raw materials or component shortages or labor. But I think it’s coming up very nicely. And I think what Doug gives you the answer about how it contributes, I mean, what we have to remember is that Malaysia is ramping at the same time as we’re ramping all of our global facilities. And so perhaps in the short run, you’re seeing an easily isolatable impact of Malaysia because we’re ramping all other global factories at the same time. But from a ramp perspective, I couldn’t be happier that right now with the scale of output and the efficiency I see starting to come out of that facility.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think actually just – I want to emphasize that one point Doug just made because in my prepared remarks, I made this comment about part of our strategic transformation over the last couple of years was to put capabilities closer to where they ultimately need to be. And that’s – in the case of development, closer to customers. And in the case of the factories closer to supply chains and also customers. And in a period when we’re seeing high freight and logistics costs, I mean, I think that ultimately having a large factory close to our customers in Asia is going to be a big benefit for us. So that was a very conscious decision. And I think it’s going to pay off as – we don’t know when freight and logistics costs normalize, but that’s a hedge against those remaining high for a while.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think just in terms of markets – end markets and the demand, I mean, I think we can speak as a user of many of those chips where we still see severe constraints and also very high premiums for those chips in the marketplace. I think customers are investing to try to alleviate what today is clearly a mismatch in terms of supply and demand. And that’s across all different types of applications. I mean when I look at the list of ICs that that we’re looking for just as one user, it’s a broad list from a very broad number of manufacturers. So it’s hard for me to pin it down, but I feel like today, we’re still in a pretty broadly expanding and growing market.
Tim Archer: Yes, Joe. So to tell you, we were recently notified that there was like – there was to be a broadening of the restrictions of technology shipments to China for fabs that are operating below 14-nanometer. And so that’s the change I think that people have been thinking might be coming. And our – we’re prepared to fully comply. We’re working with the U.S. government and any impact on Lam’s business it’s contemplated in the September guidance that we just gave.
Tim Archer: Okay. I’ll take the first shot at that. The – maybe as best to step back and just remind everybody, the CSBG business is comprised of four components, spares, services, upgrades and Reliant. One of the nice things about this business and what said we really like about it is those often kind of move in somewhat of a non-correlated way. I mean, spares clearly just moves with our installed base. And as I look forward, lot of people wondering what does 2023 look like, we’re not going to give guidance, but one thing we always feel pretty comfortable about is we have a very strong equipment shipment year this year. There will be a lot more tools requiring spares and consumables next year. And so that part of the business, it grows. And in fact, what we’ve said is, as devices become more complex, and our applications become more critical, the fact that the need for spares and the importance of spares just continues to grow. So spares is just a robust and growing. The services business has been also strong. I talked about the shift in strategic transformation we’re making towards more equipment intelligence type services. And as customers kind of look forward, if customers start focusing on productivity and costs and really trying to squeeze the output from their fabs without having to spend additional CapEx, they turn to things like productivity services, results-based contracts, use of data off of the tools. So I think services has been doing well. And I think can continue to do well even in an environment where maybe you see a little bit of impact of macro or spending pulled back. Same for upgrades. Upgrades business actually, I’ve often said over the years that upgrades tend not to do so well when customers are busy adding lots of capacity because they are actually adding capacity, new tools really focused on that. if they pull back a little bit, the way they save CapEx and still manage their technology road maps as they turn to upgrades and tech conversions. And so the upgrades business gets a little bit stronger. And so that business, we think, can continue to do well and maybe even improve in next year’s environment. And then Reliant, as we just said, a lot of catch-up to do I think there have been significant underinvestment for quite some time in that area as evidenced by the fact that many of us can’t get the chips that we actually need to meet demand. And so there is some catch-up still there. Eventually, maybe that gets caught up we don’t really have a view on when that fully happens. It’s a very diverse set of end markets and application drivers. So it’s hard to predict. But clearly, at some point, it probably moderates in terms of growth, and it’s back more towards the steady grower tied kind of to the overall application expansion in the economy that we’ve seen for in past years.
Tim Archer: So Stacy, I think – and I’ve been saying this, I think, for a quarter or two. I don’t want you to believe that we’re not raising prices, because we are. I think maybe to our detriment, inflation has been bigger, stronger, more pronounced than we expected that it would be, honestly. And there is some latency to kind of renegotiating prices and whatnot, and that’s very much what’s going on. And it wasn’t a star comment. I get the comment all the time. It’s an appropriate comment. We’re working on getting fairly compensated for what we need to and we will.
Tim Archer: Yes. It’s what helps us get back to the model range. What I said earlier is the long-term profitability expectation for the company is unchanged, even though we’re working our way through this inflationary environment, it’s probably 200 basis points from where we are to where we need to be.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that we’re looking at – look, advanced packaging is an important area for Lam to participate in and we have for quite some time. So I actually don’t know if it’s the first time we’ve talked about it because I have to believe we have talked about it in the past. But we’ve talked about it primarily from the standpoint that etch and deposition play an incredibly important role in these new architectures. And we have a strong position, especially in applications like – well, both the etch as well as the copper electroplating. As form factors change, we look at that as still our market, and therefore, we will evaluate and pursue whatever the best means is to win in those emerging segments, whether that’s organic or inorganic.
Tim Archer: Yes. And Toshiya, I guess I would just add, I mean there is a couple of things to think about with respect to the foundry logic space. And one is our exposure is lower from a SAM perspective and has been. But actually, some of the technology inflections that are currently underway are actually allowing us to participate with some of our more advanced equipment to displace some of the older technologies that have typically been used in foundry logic. And so you are seeing a lot of traction for our selective etch. We didn’t list all of the wins this quarter. We continue to see new selections for our selective etch tools. That’s only going to be used at very advanced logic and it’s kind of new markets, new opportunity for us, and we are doing well there. ALD of both dielectrics and metallization used to deal with like the RC inflection, the back-end interconnect inflection. That’s creating opportunities for us. And so I think that we are seeing a little bit of like share gain at certain customers, as Doug mentioned, but also an expansion of our opportunity, and that’s driving a lot of our new product roadmap. We have an objective to improve our position in foundry logic for more advanced notes.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I think I don’t want to get out with sort of the new disclosures here, but I think we are – we have quantified it in the past is roughly about a $1.5 billion opportunity over a 5-year period. And you are just starting to see us – we talked about development tool of record wins. So, obviously, we are not yet putting this into a production fab and developing revenue, so we would be at the very first stage of that. But that should give you some kind of sense maybe in the next 5 years of kind of revenue impact you are talking about. But this is still a much longer play for us. And I talked about this idea of accelerating the development of the driver is for the high NA EUV. And so if you think EUV is going to be around for the next 10 years, 20 years as the primary patterning capability for advanced logic, then our opportunity just continues to grow throughout that period. So, it starts off in the next 5 years, about $1.5 billion and then just continues to grow with layer count and application. And we think that as you get to high NA EUV, I think it’s we have a good just to capture a lot of the market.
Tim Archer: Well, I don’t know – I guess I will just start the clock now because, as I said, we have only reported a development tool of record positions today, obviously, which we haven’t yet started to generate revenue from. So, it’s – yes, I think you could call it 5 years from today, it’s a safer bet than 5 years from our Analyst Day.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, obviously, it’s a significant benefit for the U.S. semiconductor manufacturing industry overall. I think most directly, what I would say is that Lam’s benefit from this will come in two ways. One is as our customers invest in capabilities in the U.S. and capacity, and obviously, we are hopeful that we will garner a large share of the equipment that’s purchased for those fabs. And so that’s one way in which money is from that flow through ultimately into business for Lam. Specifically, when I was in front of the Senate, one of the things that I talked about is, I think long-term, if you think about long-term improvement for U.S. companies and U.S. semiconductor manufacturing has to do with some of the R&D money that’s in that, I believe, in the CHIPS Act, which is going to fund longer term capabilities that help semiconductor device makers, but also equipment makers develop those next-generation technologies that keep us incredibly competitive on the global stage and allow us to create those technologies without having to necessarily fund and take on all of that risk ourselves as individual companies, which is always hard to do for technologies that might be 7 years, 8 years, 10 years into the future. So, that’s the other way I would say that companies, both device makers and equipment makers can benefit. We need to see all the details, but that’s my financial take.
Tim Archer: Sure. I can try to address both of them. So, yes, just to be clear, my comment was at this point, we have seen no push-outs and changes in demand, no push-outs, no cancellations that are all meaningful. However, I mean I want to acknowledge, I mean it’s with long lead times and stretching through ‘23 and a cautious tone being struck by some of our customers quite publicly. I am not saying that we might not ultimately see those changes come. So, just saying that we have seen none doesn’t mean that, that might not happen. And so at this point at – the commitments that we have today are being met, and that was what I was trying to signal. I think with those long lead times, it moves into your second question, which is, so what if a customer does come and say they would like to push a project by a few months or even longer or we treat it the same way we are doing right now when customers come and have asked us to pull in the slots. We work with all of our customers to see where people really are in their projects and their demand. And we have not ultimate flexibility within our manufacturing, but I talked about the fact that we are – we have invested in the last 2 years to try to create greater operational flexibility. And part of it is so that we can respond in that way. I mean we are – we treat our customers very much like partners and need to push for a couple of months because maybe it’s either demand or likely sometimes if the facilities aren’t quite ready or there is a change in their plans. We have got to work with them and make those adjustments, if it’s possible.
Tim Archer: I guess I brought it to all customers. I mean to speak to the one, but I think what we have always said is that Lam’s greatest opportunities get created as those technology changes, those technology transitions occur. And I spoke to a couple of you, just as an example, you think about somebody implementing gate all around in, say, their next technology node or future technology. It does create new opportunities for us, and we have designed equipment kind of ahead of where the roadmaps are. And so the faster those technology changes come, the sooner we get the opportunity to insert those new applications into their production lines in a bigger way. And so we have talked about some of those selective etch, some of our new ALD tools. Of course, it’s some of our etch systems that are designed for – to really support the fine pitch patterning associated with EUV. So, EUV like at each technology node, we use more and more layers of EUV that grows for us. And so every customer, the faster they transition technology, the greater stems Lam’s sort of market is growing and the greater our share opportunity is increasing.
Tim Archer: Yes. Blayne, obviously, as we acknowledge, we are clearly hearing customers strike a more cautious tone. We see what’s going on around – within the macro. And so we haven’t given the 2023 outlook, to be clear. And I think what we are saying is that if as demand – if demand changes and as demand changes, Lam is set up to operate effectively within whatever that environment is. And clearly, we have different scenarios. But the key is, as we look forward, things like our larger installed base business will be helpful for us, regardless of what the environment looks like. The improvements we have made, say, in our foundry exposure with new share gains and SAM expansion, that will be a positive regardless of what the end demand looks like. Higher etch and dep intensity due to the technology inflections, it’s true regardless of what the end demand is. And the fact that we have a more diverse and more efficient and more effective global manufacturing infrastructure. That will also be helpful regardless of what the demand is. So, I think what we are trying to highlight is we are not going to be the best at forecasting probably no better than anybody else and really know exactly what 2023 is going to be looking like. So, we do believe we have a pretty good view of how Lam can execute very well within whatever that environment is.
Tim Archer: Well, it’s just – one, it’s a higher volume of output we are trying to achieve. And quite frankly, it’s just all components. And I would say, everything is sort of improving. But in general, there is quite still a number of quantities that aren’t able to meet down that new higher level that we want for the output. And so it just continues to increase. So, I couldn’t point to one specific thing, but I would say that in general, I am happy with the improvements we are seeing across a broad array of our suppliers. And so I said I thank them for their efforts because I do see that incremental improvement and expect further improvement as we move to September.
Tim Archer: Yes. No. I think that’s clearly the case. Most of that, if not all of that equipment at this point is being fully utilized.
Tim Archer: I don’t see that changing in a very significant way. I mean these assets once they are into these fabs, I mean we tend to see our tools used for 20 years to 30 years producing tips of some different technology nodes. So, I think as far as it’s been to get equipment, anything many of these customers will definitely keep hold of those systems.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The only thing I might add, Harlan, is we know how to run the company whatever the environment is. We’ve been doing it for a really long time. We know what the playbook needs to be. When it’s up, down or sideways, we will respond accordingly. And then when I think about the things Tim talked about, our positions are in stronger. We feel really good about the business we’re winning, the growing installed base, the company is executing really well. That’s the stuff we feel great about. At the end of the day, the market will be what the market will be, and we will manage the company in the right way depending on whatever that looks like.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, it’s hard enough to forecast a revenue number, let alone the deferred. But if I was going to give you some color around it, I kind of think it’s flattish, plus or minus a little bit. And again, it will depend on how well we progress with the supply chain, honestly.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, the way I’ve been describing it actually for a while now is the long-term profitability model of the company is unchanged. My expectation of where we’re going to perform isn’t any different than it was pre-pandemic, pre-inflation coming through. The inflationary stuff that’s permanent. We got to work on getting fairly paid for and the stuff that’s temporary, maybe we get paid for a little bit, but then we got to go on the cost back. And so what was embedded in a financial model that we gave, I guess, over 2.5 years ago or something was kind of 200 basis points above where we are guiding right now, and that’s still the way you should think about the long-term profitability of where we’re going to drive the business.
Doug Bettinger: Maybe I’ll let Tim talk about how the ramp is going and I’ll describe the numbers a little bit, C.J.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And then C.J., just how to think about the numbers. I think maybe a year ago, I was talking about it being somewhat of a headwind to gross margin. It really isn’t any longer. We’re kind of at the point where it’s neutral-ish. And as Tim just told you, we’re ramping everywhere as eventually that will be the biggest factor in the network. And as it gets to be a bigger percentage of the total, it will become a benefit to gross margin, not just from cost of labor, but the fact that our freight lanes will be shorter and the supply chain will move along with us. So I’ll keep you updated as we progress.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I’ll take the beginning, and then I’ll let Tim take the second part. Yes. C.J., when I talk about the percent of systems revenue in my scripted remarks, that includes Reliant as well as the more leading-edge equipment that we’re selling. So it’s all conclusive in terms of system revenue.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish, I guess the best thing I would point you to is just look at the history of the company’s performance over the last decade, right? We know how to run the company in an up environment, in a down environment, we have a highly variable cost model here. We employ temporary resources, we outsource things. The best thing I would point to is just look at the last downturn and the same management team running the company, we will do the same things. It’s a well-worn playbook that we know how to dust off and use when we need to.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. If you look at logic specifically, it’s probably our lowest exposure across the markets that we described. However, I will remind you, Toshiya that we have been talking about a specific share gain customer that we continue to progress very nicely with, which is part of the strength you saw in the results from June.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, you are right. I am not going to guide the December quarter for you. Listen, I think we are pretty pleased with the progress from a supply chain standpoint we made in the June quarter. It continues to be reflected in the September quarter, barring something new coming up. I think our execution will continue. And that largely has been what has limited the revenue generation of the company. And you see – you heard me mention the $2.2 billion in deferred revenue. So, that’s there for us to follow-up on. But I am not going to give you a number for December quite yet.
Doug Bettinger: At this point, we would assume that it applies to all sub-14 nanometer activity in China. And we are not going to quantify what we might have or had in our plans for sub-14.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Patrick. That’s clearly part of it, right. We have got unmet demand. We have got partial shipments that shows up as deferred revenue. Each supplier has a unique situation that we are working through with them to the extent that they are not meeting what we need from them. But yes, we increased – improved the output last quarter, and we see that continuing as we go into September.
Doug Bettinger: Joe, I guess the first thing I would point out to you was, yes, historically that’s been a segment of a market service by a lot of used equipment today. There isn’t any used equipment or very little. And as a result of that, we are selling older modeled new equipment into the Reliant product line, right? Demand is – there isn’t anything coming to be refurbished today. So, I don’t know, Tim do you want…
