Martin Anstice: My, that's a comprehensive question, C.J. So maybe I should start with our assumption that we communicated in the Analyst Meeting a year ago. We actually when we articulated our perspective on the opportunity for Lam and we gave this reference to $70 billion of investments. Our assumption was actually that SSD would not be disruptive to hard disk drives. Our assumption was that the demand for storage and memory in the world would essentially be serviced by this new mode of nonvolatile memory, all these new product with nonvolatile memory. And then hard disk drives would just kind of be kind of caped out that was the modeling assumption that we presented to you. So to the extent the scenario plays out in the way you articulate it, you should presume that's kind of upside to the commentary of the company because of what I just said. Obviously NAND is probably the poster child for a market with elasticity of demand. And the industry has universally adopted a new technology and it is scaling that new technology in terms of playing the 3D transitions and layer counts. And when our customers make investments they make it because they have performance enhancements on device and they have cost roadmaps that creates opportunities for incremental demand to get kind of created. So there's an awful lot I could say about the subject, the headlines that I hope everybody retains here is we think the world of silicon and we think the world of nonvolatile memory specifically has tremendous opportunity in the years ahead as a byproduct of this innovation that's emerged around the value of data in the world. And the good use of Lam from a lot of hard work and a lot of partnerships with our customers we position the portfolio of products and a product pipeline that's focused on enabling that roadmap.
Martin Anstice: Thank you. Appreciate the question C.J. and maybe I can just restate something I said in my prepared remarks because it's a very important disclosure from the company relative to our focus, our definition of success, and our priority. And I share that because I have some anxiety that the investment community gets trapped in fairly incomplete disclosure from the totality of the industry on market share hence our focus. So our focus is the following. Our primary objective is to promote our customer success through an increased proportion of their spending that we actively compete for and through differentiation to win and sustain more of that business over time. That means that our focus at a product line level and a business unit level and a segment level has to be on the share that we have but what really counts is where that share is and our focus is on the most critical applications, that most value to applications for our customers, and the sustainability of that share through the economics that were associated with it. And the most basic measure of performance for any company in any market is the one that I characterized and we will continue to answer these questions on market share by a focus around that kind of basis. And our headline for last year was 21% of WFE against 18.5% in prior year against 14.2% in the year, the first year after bringing Lam and Novellus together. So momentum is really good. The technology inflections still have tremendous opportunity for us, more or less the headlines that we communicated in NAND flash at the Analyst Meeting are only I would say a little better one-year on and we'll spend more time talking about that in a few weeks. And in the world of patterning, I think the headlines that we communicated in our Analyst Meeting a year ago are as valid today as they were then. And that includes the various scenarios of adoption of EUV and that includes the various technology advancements that have played out since that time in multi-patterning process flow.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean we're obviously we're not in the game of guiding every quarter of the year or even the year with any specificity but to the spirit of your question, I hope there isn't skepticism around the quarter itself because I hope at this point we've got a track record of actually delivering on the kind of quarters commitments relative to sustainability. Obviously this is all about fundamental demand and if you sign up for if you sign up for the conventions that I described in my prepared comments, the convention that silicon has established itself quite differently in terms of potential and work data, then you would sign up for sustainability of investment. Now you might get ebbs and flows one quarter after another or one month but the fundamental headline that we believe in and we're investing to create value in is a scenario of sustained and disciplined investment by our customers at a more discrete level just to put some more substance on it for you, our expectation is that relative calendar 2018 we see it is not perfectly but a reasonably balanced year for the industry and for the company both. And I would say that we see memory could be slightly first half biased and foundry could be slightly second half biased, with Logic as fairly neutral in the year. And as was proven last year, everything I just said to be entirely wrong and probably is precisely wrong but it's the best we have for you today in terms of trying to give you some color around quarter-to-quarter or half-to-half.
Martin Anstice: Yes. So the China -- obviously for the domestic community and the global players that are investing there is a big deal and the headlines in terms of new fab projects are exactly the same today as they were three months ago when I detailed them the only incremental disclosure today obviously is there are more projects that we're tracking. But when we look at WFE investments in calendar 2018, we think that the domestic community combines all segments, so the domestic community in China DRAM, flash, and logic foundry, probably invest slightly less than $5 billion which is a little less than 10% of global WFE and the way we've described it to you and that's up between $1 billion and $2 billion maybe $1.5 billion compared to that kind of the 2017. So it's an increasingly important component of spending, it's a big focus for us in terms of building infrastructure, supporting our customer success, and their visions and putting in place qualified people to support them. One last piece of data relative to our shipments when we look at the Lam shipments in China two-thirds of the shipment dollars will be probably for the global players investing their one-third for the domestic community.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I don't know I would characterize the kind of line layout complexities from 64 to 96 much differently I would from the other versions that have preceded this and I don't think I would characterize it as more challenging or complex than a planar to 3D conversion. But I think your question is a very important one and you know there are I would say fairly dynamic customer plans around how best they service the opportunities in the marketplace that they see and we would expect to continue to see this portfolio of investments from clean Greenfields to the planar to 3D scaling and 3D scaling vertically itself. We are as we've said number of times we're agnostic actually in terms of the opportunity between the planar 3D conversion and the new fab addition from a business perspective and I would expect based on what I know today that somewhere in the range of two-thirds of the investment by the industry is conversion related and maybe a third is additions. But that's a proxy that will change for sure as discrete opportunities for sure for customers and as they optimize their plans.
Martin Anstice: Yes, probably it's a way to the Analyst Meeting and there are some very important headlines I think for the company around the pace of growth in excess of the installed base and the product portfolio and the segments that we're growing are part of that story, the emphasis that we're investing in around advanced services is part of that story and I think there's something quite unique about where we are in the ecosystem that presents opportunity as well. So it's definitely an increasingly valuable annuity to the company and it's an increasingly important part of creating and delivering value to our customers.
Martin Anstice: It's actually been growing faster than the installed base which is a kind of a statement of the breadth of the product and services portfolio that we're making available to our customers and we're investing and creating and dialogues around our social intelligence and machine learning are as relevant inside of our company and is relevant in terms of developing products and services for our customers, as it is for our customers and ensuring their customers and the consumers. So don't disconnect the AI and the big data analytics headlines from the realities of our company as well. So it's a broadening portfolio, it's growing fast in installed base and in a periods where we've had extraordinary growth in our systems business, it's a testament to the strengths of our Customer Service Business Group that we have we're able to say what we're saying and preserve in essence the same percentage of revenues coming from that business. Now what that means in terms of modeling purposes, if you happen to choose best, you're going to model less growth in calendar 2018 than was true in 2017 which is essentially what we've guided. Then the value of that installed base business kind of goes up over time. So I think it’s a great commentary on value, sustainability, and quality of earnings.
Martin Anstice: I think we kind of signed up for the consensus on bit growth. So the low 20s for DRAM and mid to high 40s for NAND for calendar 2018 and obviously the server phone content in DRAM is a decent kind of content headline and the same is true for the Smartphone bit growth for NAND. And I think one of the illustrative headlines that we should all be conscious of is the average Smartphone today is got maybe 4 gigs of NAND content and the best phones have 256 -- 40 I'm sorry I should have said 40 gigs of content and the best one is 256. So when you think about applications innovation and you think about the content headlines not the unit headlines that's one of the most fundamental drivers for the business prospectively. 
Martin Anstice: Well, I'll say the objective of the company, as we said many, many times is to grow the service business the spares and service and upgrades business faster than we do the installed base. And you're right to say there are warranties and so when warranty periods end and you roll into that space and we try to position for very, very strong market share and sustainability. So I would tend to lean towards a very positive answer to your question.
Martin Anstice: Yes, way to qualify everything but we don't disclose lead times for obvious competitive reasons in respect for the roadmaps of our customers. But what I will tell you is obviously it takes a lot of work to do what we're doing it's much more difficult. And I think for an industry. I think we've for those of us that have participated in the scale of growth that we have, we've all been very challenged by that scale of growth. But I would say that from a benchmarking perspective as best I can tell which is why I spoke to kind of flexible business model and commitment from employees in my prepared comments, we've executed as well if not better than most or maybe all. So it's a big focus, it's get more difficult and certainly 50% growth here is a quite extraordinary challenges for operations and also field resources.
Martin Anstice: Well my basic view is I don't think customers spend money if a yield is suboptimal. I think that's a very important kind of test for them making their investments and I guess that's all relative. I mean we have characterized obviously today that the relative investments the industry has to make are a little higher for a bit outs in the context of the technology conversions that are playing out today in this year compared to last year and the year before. But I would also make the point that it's still an investment that is dominated by conversion. And it is still an investment that is made with extraordinary discipline by our customers managing supply and demand balance. And I would also say that the capital intensity data point is actually a lot less than the points in history that have triggered kind of corrections so I think if you look at kind of memory today, the capital intensity for the last four years including the outlook for calendar 2018 is not even two-thirds of the level seen in 2007, so it's a dramatically different profile of risk.
Martin Anstice: No, Sidney, I appreciate that and good luck with that. Well I mean macro positive negative is always there and always will be -- this is a pretty extraordinary time for the industry I think holistically because there's an irony here of consolidated participants and a diversified kind of statement of demand. So I guess may be more difficult not more easy to forecast the future at a device to my level. You have an industry that is I think singularly invested and try to take advantage of this opportunity and contribute to broader tech economy and broader innovation. And so, it's all about creating incremental demand and the memory, storage, datacenter, AI, Big Data Analytics advanced process, I mean it's all relevant. Right, I mean we live in a world where devices and silicon that support connectivity are critical to the roadmap. Devices that create the capacity to store efficiently and cost effectively all that collected data are critical. And the high performance computing that is relevant to take all of that data and do something with it that creates value either in an enterprise or in a consumer context has to kind of show up. So I think it's a very integrated system which is perhaps why I answer the question may be less precisely than you would like me to because I think we live in a world where this is much less about discrete segments of a semiconductor industry as we traditionally described it and much more about the integration of technologies from a chip integration point of view, from an embedded memory and logic solutions perspective, we live in the world of systems, designed systems architecture and it all has to be there and all is part of answering this question around incremental opportunity or incremental risk.
Martin Anstice: The first thing I'd say it's a content story not a unit story. I don't think we're going to stand up and say hey we got this great view that all of a sudden PC units and software units take off again because I don't think that's the headline. It's all about content and there are two drivers of bit growth in DRAM one of them is the server which is the most comprehensive demand driver and the second is expansion of phone contents. And we are, I would say, I'd probably be stronger than conservatively optimistic I'd say we're optimistic about those long-term trends and we think they're fundamental to answering the questions about investments in silicon capacity and the investment we make in a business.
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean actually maybe that last kind of sub question is actually a great response. I mean I think the scale and scope of technical challenges and business challenges for everybody in this ecosystem is much more difficult today than was true five years ago. And the companies that I think excel and sustain in the long-term have attributes of partnership and collaboration and codependency that are quite fundamental and that's why almost every single quarter I see something like culture and values because that's a fundamental elements of competitive differentiation. If you are not trusted if you are not legitimately collaborative, if you are not sincerely invested in the success of your customers then your opportunity to sustain your business is limited.
Doug Bettinger: And Joe I always tell you it's my favorite part about the company's business model is just it's an annuity that just keeps going, keeps growing, keeps generating enormous amounts of cash it's a great part of what we do.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Toshi, if I was modeling out beyond the second half of 2018 I'd probably keep it pretty steady with what I gave you which is mid-teens for the second half. But it always changes a little bit depending on where the geographic distribution of our business ebbs and flows, so it's not going to be precisely that, but that would be the best planning horizon or the planning number that I'll give you. And just to remind make sure everybody heard first half of calendar 2018 mid-single-digits, second half, mid-teens.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, we're front-running an update to the model which we will give you in early March. But generally speaking we would expect operating cash flow to be close to operating income. Now if you look at what happened in the last year the business grew so rapidly that we actually did less well than that because the consumption of working capital as the business scaled up we needed to build more inventory, receivables grew along with the level of revenue so we didn't do quite as well as that. But on a ongoing basis assuming kind of a steady state of business shipments and revenue that's about where we should be. Our CapEx is nominally 3% to 4% of revenues so that's your free cash flow answer there.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm always amazed Harlan when I sit for the quarterly business reviews with the supply chain, the global operations team, as well as the field, just how well they're executing. It's been actually quite amazing when you see how it's all happened.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Craig. I'm going to decline to answer that one but I will promise you that when we get to the March Analyst Day we will have lots more to tell you as you might appreciate all the tax changes are kind of late breaking we're talking internally about it debating some things. We'll have more to tell you know in our remarks from and I'm going to punt on this one for now.
