Douglas Bettinger: It doesn’t really. The two are not related in my mind, C.J. I mean we announced a capital return program before I really modeled what I expected the tax rate for the next fiscal year to be. So in my mind it’s not inter-related. And again the uptick just to clarify in the tax rate has a lot to do with the fact that we are shipping more systems into the U.S. which has higher tax rate than when we ship them elsewhere. But the two things are independent in my C.J.C. J. Muse – ISI Group: Okay, thank you.
Douglas Bettinger: You know Tim, I am not going to answer that question. We’re not going to get into giving hard guidance more than one quarter out. I think you’re thinking on the topline is probably directionally right. I haven’t quite gone through where all of the mix would fall out. I would kind of take you back though to the financial model that we out as the best guide post for how I would be thinking about the profitability and the gross margin of the company, Tim.Timothy Arcuri – Cowen and Company, LLC: Okay, great, Doug. Thanks. And then Martin can you talk a little bit about are there concrete examples? I know you probably don’t want to get too much into the specifics but are there examples, when you talk your customers that you have gained share or you’ve gain a slot as a result of the ongoing proposed merger that’s happening out there with your larger peers. Are there any examples of you absolutely gaining share as a result of that merger? Thanks.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, Harlan, this is Doug, I will take that one. The memory cap spending it’s the same guys. In memory, when we look first half, second half is maybe a little bit first half weighted. Conversely is foundry logic is a little bit second half weighted and broadening out that we described to you a quarter ago we’re absolutely still expecting to see – you are seeing a broadening out of people spending out in FinFET, we are seeing some investment at 28 and 20 nanometer as well and it’s more substantial in terms of the number of people spending in the second half than the first.
Douglas Bettinger: I think I would then take you to Chris is go back to the financial models that we just put out at the beginning of this month. That’s the way you should be thinking about the profitability level of the company we put in the ‘14-’15 model gross margin at 45 going over the next three to four years to 46 and approaching 47. That’s a way you should be thinking about things and there will be puts and takes quarter by quarter around those numbers but we constructed those models and tried to be very thoughtful about how the portfolio of the business was going to look.
Douglas Bettinger: No, there was nothing one time. I mean as I tried to describe the impact of different kinds of mix characterizations, different customer mixes, different tool mixes, not everything here has the same profitability. We benefited from pretty favorable mix last quarter and it’s kind of coming back to where it was in the previous quarter in our current guidance.
Douglas Bettinger: With the $850 buyback authorization we are only just starting on it. We are going to execute that buyback over approximately the next two years and you should assume we will consistently be in the market buying that back. What’s moving against us a little bit right now is the dilution from those convertible notes and even though we were in the market last quarter share counts ticking up and it’s really all about what happening from an increasing share price and the impact on those converts. So we will continue to be aggressive with the buyback. What I can’t control is kind of the note dilution right.
Douglas Bettinger: I wish I can help but we are not going to. Frankly you it is getting for those folks who have conversations about memory or cycles again it’s really hard to do that because I don’t know how to do that anymore, right. What I can see is a community of ten customers or 15 that each have their own cycles, that are spending consistent with their windows of opportunity and they are being very disciplined and very effective in terms of operating and the pace at which they add capacity, keeping supply and demand in balance. When I think about extendibility and sustainability of spending I focus on profitability levels of customers and as best I can tell in memory today that’s pretty good. And I focus on the proportion of capacity that is still available for upgrade to known near term technology road map transitions. And as I already said in the DRAM world we exit this year even with a significant level of spending but probably 450,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 3x or above and in the NAND flash world we probably exit his year with maybe 500,000 wafer starts per month of capacity at 20 nanometer or above. So there are known upgrade pause of near-term significance and those are both opportunities that on their own represent the same type of spending level that exists in calendar ‘14. That’s how I think though sustainability. I don’t spend much time trying to correlate the spending of customer this year which is intended to support revenues next year and beyond with the revenues of this year, I have never understood that.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s very helpful. Thank you very much.
Douglas Bettinger: Yeah, I mean my comment was around our shipments being a little more back end back half loaded. I think WFE and this kind of eye balling it here right now is maybe a little bit back half loaded. It’s not significant headwind but it is a little second-half weighted and memory conversely is little bit front weighted.
Douglas Bettinger: Patrick we had – really the slide that I had, I am sure that showed out performance in terms of top line growth from that services business. I mean that success there is comprehended in that model. So – and I think you know typically the gross margin a little bit lower in that business but the operating income is actually quite good. So the success of that part of business is comprehended in those financials models that we –
Martin Anstice: There is a lot of evidence that we’re gaining share. Whether it’s precisely a byproduct of the customer’s reaction to a planned merger or not is a conversation I don’t waste my time having with a customer honestly. So I am sure that the value proposition, to the extent the customers are not positive and you will need to talk to customers directly to figure out whether they are or are not. But to the extent that they are not positive about that time – my personal opinion is that the benefit is more a kind of medium and long term benefit to the company, not short-term. So the simple reason that it takes a long time to make changes to market share of this company and when you get selected or you’re working on a selection they tend to stick pretty well. So I am sure there is an example or two along the way where we might be able to claim that was because of reaction but frankly speaking I think it’s not a conversation that we tend to have. We just focus on delivering the best solution that we can and focusing on established differentiation in the critical application space and we try to articulate that in our forward-looking targets and we try to articulate it at the most recent analyst call by reminding everybody that in the patterning space we’re addressing two-thirds of all the multi-patterning critical steps. And in the 3D NAND conversion we have 90% position on the critical applications across all memory customers and more than 60% on all applications. So gaining share and growing our company is all about critical applications focus and inflections. And if along the way, whether it’s associated with the reaction to a competitor’s merger plan or not, if we gain other business by building customer trust, than we are excited about that opportunity as well.Timothy Arcuri – Cowen and Company, LLC: Thanks very much.
Martin Anstice: Hi, very, very simply my view of the intercept point on the EUB is no different today than it was the last time we were in public domain. And relative to the impact of EUB insertions to the 2017 $2 billion SAM expansion, little or nothing of impact. And that’s just a commentary that I would extract from the statements of our customers. Our customers have almost without exception stated no intercept to 10 nanometers in logic and maybe there is a back haul opportunity but it’s one or two levels, one or two passes. So I think fundamentally no change in view of intercept and no impact of substance to the $2 billion SAM expansion we articulated.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I am going to resist the temptation to respond quantitatively, it feels too early to do that but as I said in the analyst meet I think there is two or three levels to the conclusion on [BIAS 2] growth next year – statement of capital intensity. I think in each of these transitions whether it’s kind of patterning, the incremental patterning steps that we articulated or in logic and DRAM whether it’s the incremental SAM expansion that exist in the NAND flash. And even in litho I believe there is an opinion that there is capital intensity increased in a planar to 3D transition. So capital intensity I think is part of the story. I think the general commentary on demand for electronics consumer and enterprise and IC units, if you kind of begin with a GDP commentary is a little bit more positive in ‘15 than it is in ‘14. I think the competitive dynamic that exist in a consolidated semiconductor world tends to deliver two things to us. It tends to deliver discipline in spending and it creates very high risk reward opportunities for growth for our customers. And so I think there is a tremendous amount of conviction associated with establishing market share leadership positions through these technology inflections and clearly calendar ‘15 is the first year of substance when we are going from private line investments into an HVM regime. So I kind of – I look at the sum of all of the data points that are available to us and none of them seemed particularly negative if negative at all and we will kind of part [inaudible] and maybe by the time we get to the October earnings call put a number out to you but I would say at this point, we expect WFE to be stronger and we expect our share of that expansion to be a positive story as well, remember our view of proportion of WFE that inflection related goes from that 25% in calendar 14 to approximately one-third in calendar 15.
Martin Anstice: Well I think the opportunity for kind of sustainable upgrade is pretty significant. I mean our estimate for the end of calendar ‘14 is that there is probably 450,000 wafer starts per month capacity at 3X or above which is a pretty significant number and our estimates on the 2X proportion by the end of calendar year is still a pretty low number. So I think conversion opportunity down to 20 nanometer is going to be a significant part of the story for a calendar 15 and even more so for the company because of the transitions in terms of double patenting. I will remind you that there three to four steps of multi-patterning in a mid 2X technology node, there are 15 to 20 steps of multi patenting at 20 nanometer and 30 to 40 steps at 1X. And as David Hemker, our CTO explains in the analyst meeting there are multiple process for each one of those steps. So I think the story in terms of sustainable investment through upgrades is going to have a very prominent theme for WFE next year and I think it will be even stronger for the company for the reasons that I just stated.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I don’t think, I mean I can kind of give you some fairly superficial commentary. We are not the experts here, we are not qualified and we don’t know enough about what they stated. I mean I read a bunch of reports.
Martin Anstice: That may be true but the basic headline for the company is the multiple patterning opportunities of growth for us are fundamental. They are real and they are not likely impacted in the 2017 timeframe by any EUB conversation. There is a tremendous amount of learning still ahead of the industry, relative to EUB, very clear and every year that passes, that builds an installed base of alternatives, in terms of etch and depositions systems for spacer based DRAM multiple patterning or emergent litho and X systems in logic, every year that passes, the bigger the installed base is, the motivation for reuse is very significant. And so the economic tradeoff on the intercept actually is even more challenging, not less challenging as every year passes. So I don’t know the people are really processing that but clearly the long term benefit for the customer if the productivity performance that is being described by SML is achieved in a production environments is a good thing for the industry in sustaining Morse law. But in the meantime, we got a lot of things to focus on and certainly in the 2017 timeline I don’t think there is much of anything to talk about today.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean not to be semantic but I mean to the best of my knowledge there aren’t so many equipment companies with a big back log today. So, it’s much less about an orders conversation and it’s much more about the quality of conversation and the demonstrative performance of the customer in that conversation to plan and commitments communicated to us. And there is an expectation in our first half and second half that as Doug said, the foundry business and the proportionate shipments in foundry have a meaningful increase and relative to concentration you know just take a kind of quick look at numbers, there is not a customer in that population that’s outside of the biggest guy in that list is 30%-40% of our shipments. So it’s a fairly diverse participation level and it’s happening at a time when there is a very unique and very critical opportunity to establish market share leadership in a FinFET device marketplace. And so when I think through kind of risk as I said multiple times this year, I think the risk profile for calendar ‘14 is actually pretty low. I mean there is always some adjustment a little bit here or there but that’s in the scheme of things there is noise, where things get a little bit more unpredictable is being able to articulate a view on transitions out of privates line to HPM. I mean headline is there are only so many customers today for the equipment industry, there are only so many semiconductor company spending money adding leading edge capacity and it is critically important that they validate their capability to do that. So that when someone is in the marketplace whether there is going to be a follower or a leader with a competitive device in terms of performance of cost, they can move quickly. And so I actually don’t feel like there is tremendous amount of exposure to the commentary of the company in the second half of the year. I might be wrong but that’s how I feel. I feel like calendar ‘15 is much more challenging to predict.
Martin Anstice: The thing I understand Chris when you are running a company the scale and scope of Lam Research you got to be driving cost reduction everyday every year you have to be making sure your efficiencies and things like that in the manufacturing and supply chain are being pushed as far as they can be pushed. We got do it year-over-year and we are absolutely doing that this year as hard as we did last year and we will do it just as hard next year, because we have expectations from our customers that they are going to get some pricing reduction. You got to at least drive cost as fast as just mostly in place.
Martin Anstice: And just to add to that, if you don’t do what Doug say if you don’t just float you drown. So it is correctly important to focus on the totality of the thing that influence the gross margin and the operating expenses of the company and we have two levels simply stated in gross margin, one of them is cost and one of them is revenue and the pricing consequences are all byproduct of a competitive environment and differentiation, which is why we make such an investment to position the product and technology portfolio to be as strong as it can be it and it can always be stronger, but it can [in some] differentiation. And the last thing that we think about when we position profitability in our long-term model is what we think is a fair distribution of profits over the supply chain and what do we think is defendable sustainable position to take with customers. As best I can tell economics still represents a significant component of risk relative to Moore’s law in just physics and if you get that long-term positioning wrong you create a customer trust exposure which in my opinion is really high. So we try to position profitability levels in ways that we feel comfortable, just defining at customer interface. And in that context we believe we’re positioned for best customer trust and ultimately best partnership, best collaboration and if we execute in the way that we intend to ultimately out performance of revenues and profits as well.Krish Sankar – Bank of America Merrill Lynch: Got it, thank you. It’s very helpful, thanks Martin and Doug.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, more of it is at the leading edge Mahesh. The 20 nanometer in the FinFET investment is more substantial than 28 by a decent amount.Mahesh Sanganeria – RBC Capital Markets: Okay, that’s very helpful and the second on, I think on the memory, memory has been very strong this year and your first-half is about 55% on average. We have seen a wild fluctuation in memory investment in last three years. Now with the increased capital density will you be able to make a guess at how do you see a normalized percent spending of memory going forward like is it 40% you expect or 50% or 30% in that range? Just a very high ball park number, that will be helpful.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, that was foundry and in the world of microprocessor and other logic we are to Doug’s points reasonably balanced.Edwin Mok – Needham & Company: I see, okay, great, thanks for clarifying that. And then any further update you can provide on the Clean products I understand you have it in the marketplace now and you probably start to get customer data on that any update on that when you expect [inaudible] share of the product and how do we start to think about that as potentially a growth driver for you guys.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, the first update is we still have one. The second update is we have really nice engagement with the three customers we have talked about I think we have been very pleased with the kind of validation, the productivity, the reliability of these systems some really can performance in fact I would say we saw that up and the performance we had in start-ups has surpassed expectations frankly for products of this maturity. So that’s really good. The process learning is kind of the focus of the company in the second-half of the year and that’s why everything comes together because now are delivering results from a wafer and you are yield, validated yield improvements for the customer. So that’s kind of a critical phase and we have kind of pulled from two further customers and I believe we are scheduled for shipments in the September quarter for the second too who will receive the early our next generation clean system. So I feel as good as we could at this point but I would kind of register that obviously there is a significant amount of process learning ahead of us and as far as modeling is concerned, I’ll remind you that although in percentage terms the clean market share growth plans are the largest in the company. They are the 5% to 10% clean market share over the timeline 316 and 317. There also the market share growth plans which are most hockey stick. So in your modeling please don’t linearize the growth of the company in clean.Edwin Mok – Needham & Company: Great. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Martin Anstice: Well, as we articulated there is – I mean we have a great participation in both of them but we have higher share in 3D NAND than we do Planar and we have a significantly greater SAM in 3D than we do in Planar as well. So, I mean the consequence of acceleration of 3D NAND is we got a lot more output leaving factories which means we need to be proactive, ensuring we got capacity in factories to build things. We got capacity in supply chain to buy things and we got capacity in the field service organization to install systems. So because of the uncertainty we end up kind of running a level of kind risk management and has some level of cost in the company we try to keep it manageable but there is a cost to uncertainty. And what we clearly got to do is be able to execute because we put a lot of time, effort and money into creating the opportunity to outperform and so we got to be resource sufficiently to execute it. As best I can tell, in every, every one of the four NAND flash today has invested in some level of planar scaling and also 3D NAND expansion and every one of them has some fairly specific plans of substance emerging in the back half of this year and obviously calendar ‘15. And I do expect the calendar ‘15 is obviously a big year for demonstrated performance and cost benefits of the 3D device.
Martin Anstice: So I’ll add one thing and that is a commentary on mix. So and this is kind of where the rubber meets the road in terms of economy of the company. If our focus is on percentage of profitability than selling more upgrades to customers is the right answer because the upgrades business of the company is very highly profitable business for the company in relative terms. But the downside of that is it’s a much lower door than on original equipment sales. So, we try to focus on the long term financial performance which means doing what is right for the customer in the long term is the guiding principle. So, we’re not going to – flow between new system sales and upgrades on a win trying to manage percentage versus dollars. We’re going to do the right thing for the customer relative to straight off. That’s an important lever but one that responds to the needs of the customers more than it does a particular orientation of the company.
Martin Anstice: I am going to start with the back end of your question first. I think there is tremendous discipline and I don’t think there is a material risk of over capacity. And my frame of reference to that is that’s 28 nanometer technology nodes there is probably 350,000 waters starts of installed capacity. And even with the competitive environment that you just described I believe that by the end of this year the sum of the 28 nanometer Planar and first generation FinFET 1614 is going to be in the range of 120,000 to 140,000 water starts capacity. So it’s doesn’t feel like it’s anywhere close to a high kind of risk profile. In answer to your question how much capacity to get there, that’s a little hard to tell but frankly speaking most of the last three years have seen capacity editions in one node or another at foundries all around about 100,000 water start per month level. And certainly I would expect that to be directionally relevant for calendar ‘15 maybe a little stronger. And as we mentioned many times because of the multi patterning effects of the company and the positioning in terms of share we shared some out performance potential in that context.
