Tim Archer: Yes. Harlan, I’ll start on that one. I think that the memory market and our market in general is difficult to predict from a timing perspective. So when you try to put a ending the year kind of time on it, it’s hard. But as Doug laid out, there is a couple of points. I mean, one, we’ve seen extraordinary measures within the memory market in terms of reductions, not only in spending but also cuts and fab utilization, and in some cases, even delays of technology investments. I think these are somewhat unprecedented in terms of trying to bring this market into balance. We also see memory as a percent of the total WFE mix that’s at levels that we haven’t seen in 25 years. And so I guess what we walk away with is a lot of confidence that memory spending will accelerate, but we’re not at this point ready to put an exact time frame on that. A lot of the actions that we talked about that we’re taking in the company are to ensure that in the next up cycle, will actually be far more nimble to respond to changes in demand than we were when we were impacted by the ramp that came around the COVID pandemic. So that’s really where we’re spending a lot of our time thinking about, less on timing but more about how is the company going to be prepared to respond to that ramp in memory spending, when it inevitably comes, and how do we ensure we can do that in the most efficient and profitable way possible.
Tim Archer: No. When we put out the $2 billion, $2.5 billion fundamentally comprehended an inability to ship to the customers that at that point were operating at the technologies that were restricted by China, so it didn’t change it. I would say today, our view is still in that $2 billion to $2.5 billion range impact.
Tim Archer: Yes, C.J., let me take that. Just to remind people, four segments in CSBG spare, service, upgrades and Reliant. And so I think kind of in terms of your impact really, if you think China impacted both spares and service, it made it impossible for us to provide spares and service to customers that previously had a pretty sizable chunk of tools in their installed base. So impact on both of those product lines from China. Those same two product lines impacted by memory customers cuts in utilization. So you’ve seen and heard from our customers talking about the number of tools they have taken offline in their DRAM and main fabs. Obviously, if you’re not running the tools, you don’t need spares and you don’t need service, so again, those same two product lines impacted by those changes. The Reliant business, obviously, just in that trailing edge Foundry Logic, I would say, we’re pretty comfortable with that business that we see continued strength there, maybe not enough obviously to offset the other the other two impacts, and that’s why I do said. We’re in a little bit of extraordinary times and that we would have previously thought that, that business couldn’t go down, but the combination of both China plus utilization hit those two product lines harder. Now we know that as customers begin to spend again, the first thing to do is to bring the tools that they already have in their installed base back online. And so we would expect that the spares and service business that was impacted by utilization cuts to recover quickly and we could immediately service that as soon as the business starts to improve.
Tim Archer: Yes. Okay. I’ll start and let Doug add I think that, obviously, there have been utilization cuts. I mean I think right now, if you look – at least by our estimate and listening to what our customers say, we’re at very low levels of supply growth this year as a result of the lack of additions and utilization cuts, so I don’t think you could quite get to the scenario you’re talking about where you just bring utilization – unutilized tools back online. There is a second factor though, which is, remember, I mean, customers make investments also to move their technology forward. And that’s a pretty substantial portion of why WFE gets spent, not often just about capacity addition. And so I think that customers are going to only go so long before you have to invest in the technology to move to that next node and gain the efficiencies that you do there. So I think that, of course, we will work with our customers to bring tools back online and get utilization work on productivity, but I think there’ll be – I think spending will return at some point.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, maybe it combines a little bit maybe the last question we had as well, which is, we’re making these cuts and taking this action to make the company efficient and profitable at this level of business. And so therefore, we’re not really looking and saying we need a big increase or rapid increase in business to justify what we keep afterwards. But I did mention the focus that we have on ensuring that as we make cuts and as we reposition, especially the global operations infrastructure, we think about how quickly we can ramp up because we know when memory comes back, it often comes back much faster than people expect. And so I can’t tell you when it gets back to these numbers. But what I want to make sure is that when it does return to stronger spending in the memory side, we’re able to ramp that up and do it efficiently. So we don’t have a lot of the profitability headwinds that we’ve been talking about for the last really 12 to 18 months. And so that’s the way I think about it and get the company to the right size now for this level of business. But with the idea that we have, the infrastructure and the business systems available to us and the supply chain infrastructure to ramp more quickly, more efficiently should the market overshoot where our estimate is.
Tim Archer: I think Stacy, not all those heads were added in the volume side of the business as well. And so I talked about – and I think you will see when you look at the P&L, where we are trying to preserve what is strategic spending on the R&D side and the products that we think are important for the future growth of the company and competitiveness of our business. We are still committed, as I have said at the beginning, through our model of gaining market share in both the Memory and the foundry logic side of the business and some of the spending is there as well. So, these are the cuts we think that are appropriate for how we think the business seems to be run through this cycle.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, as we said, we saw a significant improvement in the supply chain constraints in the December quarter, which is partly why we were able to deliver higher than the anticipated revenue. So, I would say that supply chain constraints are easing. There is always – and remain in some parts of the supply chain that are still not fully recovered. But I would say that if you went back and compare where we are today versus 12 months ago, dramatically improved. I think that we will continue to work on that through probably the remainder of this year on those remaining issues.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that – I mean you see customers starting to talk about and announce kind of limited production. Yes, obviously, there is a qualification cycle, probably better for them to talk about their own timing. But it’s not a material issue for our 2023 numbers, let’s just say. So, it’s a 2024-and-beyond event. But those are the types of things that, again, if we think about where we want to take this business. Part of this is about increasing our exposure into that market where there is tremendous need, and I talked about the increasing intensity for etch and deposition in that space and foundry logic. And most of those big technology inflections where our tools are most suitable, things like selective etch, things like high-aspect ratio critical etch. The use of those tools are just increasing in these new 3D architectures. The increased use of advanced packaging in foundry logic and AI applications, those are, again, areas where Lam can bring our etch technology to bear. So, timing again, hard to predict, but we are making great progress to development tool of record and early production tool of record stages. And I think that as we see those markets ramp, that’s good for Lam.
Tim Archer: Sure. Yes. I kind of hit on that a little earlier, but it was basically the four segments spare, service, upgrades and Reliant. And again, in a normal year, we would actually always see spares in particular, expanding with the growing installed base. I talked about the fact that our installed base is substantially larger than it was during the last down cycle. We just grow the installed base, spares grow along with that. And the impact this year to that business was somewhat unique, in that, the China restrictions did pull spares business immediately out of our revenue plan given that we cannot sell spares to certain customers and technologies in China. So, that’s a unique reset to that business. And then the second thing that impacts spares is when customers cut utilization, those tools are idled, obviously, don’t need spares. So, I would say the spares business is impacted by those two impacts. Service, similarly, we can’t service the tools in China that are restricted customers and technologies and also utilization customers tend to look to save money by doing the service themselves during these times or when tools are offline, they don’t need service. And so those two product lines are kind of the most impacted, I would say, by these changes, reliant, again, growing because trailing edge still grows and upgrades. While I said some people might be delaying again, just to – from a CapEx sensitivity perspective, some upgrades I would say there is a less impact in that part of the business.
Tim Archer: It’s a good question. I mean obviously, there is – all customers are cost sensitive regardless of where they are building fabs. I mean we certainly know as people move into costlier regions, I think the story is the same. We compete and we win business based on building tools that deliver excellent technology with high productivity. And I think that if I thought about what probably that means from an equipment trending perspective, I talked a lot about equipment intelligence. You think about it, if you are moving into a region where already some of the base costs are higher, you are going to want tools that require less human interaction, less servicing tools that can do predictive work in order to try to keep them up and utilize more at a higher rate. And so I think that you will see those types of customers pull for some of our smart solutions where you can kind of pull some of that labor content down if you can keep tools up and running more often and therefore, extract more from the capital that you have invested.
Tim Archer: Yes. I guess right now, obviously, we still see, as we said, memory or foundry logic being down substantially less than the memory this year. We have also made the comment that as a percent of total WFE memory is at levels that we haven’t seen in 25 years. And so therefore, I guess we look at it and it’s either we see strong foundry logic spending, but we actually think that with that foundry logic spending in the devices and applications that are created, that will be another one of the drivers that pulls through memory usage and causes and perhaps accelerates a memory recovery. And so I think that the two are intricately tied in terms of the end applications, but sometimes the timing of the capacity additions and such are absent I think that’s what we see right now.
Tim Archer: I think they may have come across – Joe, just a little bit – maybe a little more constructive than the other product lines that were within CSBG, I think why I think there was a question about kind of ranking them or stacking those. It’s the least impacted by the changes like time restriction and utilization. That was – that was maybe why it came across that way. No intention to send a different message from last quarter, though.
Doug Bettinger: It just means there is no more left at the end of the March quarter, Joe. I don’t really have any more than that to tell you. And yes, shipments are lower than that revenue number as we get the deferred kind of back to, what I would describe as, normalized level from a back-order standpoint.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, that’s right, Joe. What I see happening right now is we’ve got, I call them customer cash and advanced deposits, which we haven’t yet shipped the tools. And I think as we go through ‘23, it’s going to stay at a slightly higher level from that category than it’s been in the past. So I think it’s a little bit higher, somewhat higher than that number that you just mentioned.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, that’s fair, Tim. I think maybe I’ll answer a slightly different question. When I think about WFE in the mid-70s that Tim described, I think it’s fairly balanced through the year. Revenue somewhat first half weighted because we’re drawing down that deferred revenue balance. So I just wanted to point that out, which is why I scripted it that way.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, I think that’s part of it. When I look at WFE down more than 20% this year, memory is down a good deal more than that. Foundry Logic, a lot less. Litho is a heavier percent of the Foundry Logic spend. And I want to specifically point out the biggest decrease from a segment standpoint is in NAND, which, as you guys all know on this call, is our strongest segment and that is etch and deposition at Lam. So that’s kind of important to understand, I think, and why I specifically pointed to that as I went through the commentary.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. There is some in OpEx, Tim. Obviously, we’re taking reductions in every spending category. So you’ll see everywhere. That’s why Tim and I said operating margin would be more than the improvement in gross margin.
Doug Bettinger: That’s all we’re going to give you right now, C.J. I mean the other thing you can back into, obviously, is the implied spending guide in the March quarter comprehends some of this headcount activity that we’re describing. So that’s – you’re seeing some of it in the March quarter, I think, if you go – decompose the guidance.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Chris, I hope we’re kind of bouncing along the bottom right now. I can’t guarantee that, but specifically, what we try to describe both Tim and I, is that with these actions we’re taking, we believe there is upward momentum to gross margin as we exit the year. We’re trying to get kind of capacity right staffing of the capacity rights so that as we exit the year, we think there is a point of gross margin upside, plus or minus where we’re at.
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I think deferred is going to be higher than that $1 billion because of these cash in advance payments I was referencing. It’s not going to go that well, I don’t think. And I think it’s going to stay. I think I’ve previously let everybody to believe deferred revenue would be in that high multiple hundred-million-dollar range. I think it’s decently above $1 billion now because of this other category of stuff I see.
Doug Bettinger: Stacy, I am comfortable at the profitability levels of the business at these revenue levels. We are getting things structured in the right way so that the P&L looks acceptable.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Toshiya, I guess what I describe is in some of the inflationary buckets I have been talking about for over long and talking about it, some of it’s getting somewhat better. And some of it, I think will get better, but we are not seeing it yet. So, that’s in what we have been talking about. And then relative to pricing activity, we continue to work on that. There are some things that’s already showing up in the P&L in the March quarter, but we continue to have ongoing conversations with customers about the right level of pricing, and that will continue as we go forward.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. To the best of our recept as we sit here right now, yes, that’s all in of the pluses, the minuses, from business going down and the adjustments we are making in terms of the footprint of the company.
Doug Bettinger: Toshiya, I guess sorry – Vivek, the best I can do is just say what I have already said. Revenue is somewhat first half weighted, largely because we are pulling the deferred down in March. In March, it’s pulled down to where it’s going to be. And so you got to kind of think about that plus the fact that I told you, we think WFE is fairly balanced first half, second half. And I think if you think that through, you will get it pretty close to where it should be.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. In December, trying to remember the number. More than half of it certainly was domestic China. I forget the exact number, Vivek, to be honest with you, but more of it was domestic China. As we go through, China is going to be impacted to the $2 billion to $2.5 billion from the customers we can’t ship to. I think – when I think about China WFE, that means China WFE is going to be down somewhat in ‘23.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The things that we have kind of lost from that $2 billion to $2.5 billion, there is nothing in the March quarter. So, that’s part of the $2 billion to $2.5 billion. There isn’t any more reduction from March as we go forward. I am not sure I am making it clear to understand it, but Vivek, there is always timing of different customers spending money. It’s not that China is going to be up in China will be up and down as we go through the quarter, I expect. But the impact from the regulations is already fully in effect in the March quarter is what I am trying to describe.
Doug Bettinger: Listen, we only guide revenue one quarter at a time. I will guide June when we get to the next quarter earnings numbers.
Doug Bettinger: I was just going to say at the end of the day, you need all of this in the system architecture. When you look at hyperscale architecture, you don’t just have logic devices and accelerators without memory, right. It’s all got kind of all go on the same motherboard, if you will. What we have got going on, at least my perspective right now is we are sitting on excess inventory in the memory area to a significant extent, and it’s just got to get consumed. We are at a different point in the classic cycle is what I was going to describe Blayne.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Blayne, our inventory is going to go lower, I guess is what I would describe, right. Business is coming down. We will need less inventory to supply a lower level of business, it will come down, that I can tell you for sure.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, a little bit. But when I describe an expectation, I mean I describe an expectation that as we exit the year, gross margin is a point higher, that contemplates the fact that factory absorption, utilization and so forth is going to be lower, and we will be bringing inventory down.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. No, Joe, we didn’t mean to describe it any differently. I think last quarter and this quarter, we said we expect that segment of foundry and logic to be somewhat better than overall WFE. I think we said that last time. I am pretty sure we did and we are saying that again.
Doug Bettinger: It’s certainly being doing better and we described it as likely down somewhat. And historically, I have always said, this is a business that should grow every single year. I wish I wouldn’t have said that because I couldn’t envision the environment we are in with utilization in China and so forth. So, we are just giving you kind of the lay of the land right now, Joe.
