Tim Archer: Yeah. Thanks, Harlan. Yeah. I think that we've -- it probably varies by market segment, but clearly we've heard some of our customers, even just recently talking about more utilization cuts within certain device segments. Clearly, I would say it's slowing down as the majority of the cuts that were made in the first half of the year are kind of taking effect. I do feel like, and I made a comment about, in some ways, normalizing our operations is allowing the business to be more predictable. I think the same thing is happening on the end markets and customer side as well, where people are getting a sense of how the cuts that have already been made and how the capex reductions that have already been made are starting to flow through. So I do feel like we're in that position. And just as we, at this point, ticked a little bit up on WFE from our prior guidance of low to mid-70s to mid-70s, yeah, you're starting to see little strength in certain parts of the market, HBM being one of them. And as also we mentioned, some of the domestic China spending. So, I would feel like things are getting to the point where people are able to predict the business a little bit better than, say, six months ago.
Tim Archer: And the only other thing that we have said that when you think about especially utilization improvements in the memory space, we would anticipate Lam being the first to sort of benefit from utilization turning back on, just given our exposure in that space and the impact that it's had on our spares and service business through the first half of this year.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I don't think we've -- we haven't exactly sized this business externally, but we -- it is growing and, it’s in certain areas, especially as I highlighted things like etch for TSVs, copper plating for filling of those TSVs, pretty much anything related to the building of that advanced packaging structure through etch and deposition. So it is a strong area of our business right now, especially given the relative weaknesses that’s seen in the other parts of the market.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that as you pointed out, I mean, obviously there is a Reliant component that's right now is quite strong. I talked about sort of at specialty technologies, I mean we're seeing still quite strong demand for our products across all of those different segments. Utilization driving spares and service to much lower levels than we've historically seen. And so, I think as people talk and worry about roll-off in the specialty technologies, maybe that does come at the time that the utilization picks up in the leading-edge and the memory fabs. But actually at this point, I would say we haven't yet seen demand for those trailing edge technologies to really be rolling over. I mean, demand is still quite strong for us, we're focused on new applications, new tool types and it's just not something that we're ready to forecast yet, although, again, as we've said nothing grows forever, but the broadening it feels pretty good to us right now.
Tim Archer: Okay, great. Well, thanks, Krish, and I'll take it first. I think that relative to NAND, as you pointed out, I mean it's -- spending is at very low levels, down more than -- probably more than 75% year-on-year right now. But to this point of cryo etch, and I guess I would just say that at this point, Lam is the only company with cryo etch in high volume production. So it's an area where we do have strength, I mean hundreds of chambers of experience right now. We're the leader in high aspect ratio etch. I know that at the recent conference, competition has been out talking about a DTOR position for one pass at a memory customer for future node. But I think as probably everybody on this call knows, customers regularly engage more than one vendor when you're in the R&D stage for all these critical applications. And in this case, our production decisions are still quite a ways off. I look at Lam and our competitiveness. I mean, we take all of that experience that we have from years of leading in this space. We've developed a robust technology roadmap. We're engaged with the customer on a variety of different hardware and process innovations. But I think most importantly, when I think about our long-term competitiveness, we are still the only vendor that has this huge installed base from which every day we're getting learning about how to take processes from the R&D stage into high-volume production. And that's ultimately what really counts for affecting market share. And so, we've said in the past, we don't win every decision, certainly not always at the DTOR stage. But I think given where we are and where we've come from, we're very confident about maintaining leadership and market share in this space.
Tim Archer: Yeah. Well, you threw out a couple of numbers. We used to talk about a couple of hundred million dollar opportunity, doubling from there, puts it in the hundreds. I mean, it's growing from that point. I mean, it's becoming a sizable business for us. We just haven't quantified specifically for those two products. I think what you can take away is we talked about our market share position. We know -- I think everybody knows HBM and 3D chip stacking, those products also play into other elements of advanced packaging. It's a very fast-growing part of our business. And so, without giving you our forecast for those markets, I think you can apply what you think about how chip stacking and 3D packaging is building momentum. You know we have 100% market share. I think just -- we're very happy to see what's transpiring in that part of the market.
Tim Archer: Krish, what I would say is in this environment, it's the -- those are the tool sets that people are actually pulling for in terms of accelerated deliveries. And so I think that gives you some sense of demand in that market.
Tim Archer: Well, I think there probably is equal debate about what long-term etch growth is in the NAND space with some of the new applications coming out. But I certainly am not going to get crossways with our customers in terms of their forecast versus ours. I mean again, it's a market where we have such a strong position that ultimately -- we look to satisfy the technology roadmaps and the volume requirements of our customers, and that's kind of where we are. So right now, we know this year, NAND is extremely low. And without giving you our number, I mean it's -- I would say even if it gets back to something close to that model, it's a lot higher spending than where we are today. I think what's happened too is for Lam, specifically, is not only have we taken -- I mean, what might be different from that model of how much we capture of that SAM is the complexity of doing multi-tier stacking has increased our opportunity through a whole bunch of other steps that we've talked about in the past in terms of backside depth for stress management and gapfill -- ALD gapfills for plug fill, carbon sacrificial plug fills, lots of different types of applications. And so I think even an environment where you didn't do a lot better than the model, Lam would do a lot better. and we do a whole lot better than where we are today in such a low NAND spending environment. So I think we will get Tim, a new model out once we see a better view of the end demand picture, but that's the best I can do for you right now.
Tim Archer: It is. And I think that was even in my answer to the last question was, I think there's still a lot of debate as to how much storage really gets driven in this, but we're a believer that there is some element of demand driven there. I think that when we think about DRAM, there's a couple of things at play in terms of what drives it. One is, of course, the HBM also increases die size, I think, as you know. And that leads perhaps even greater WFE increase associated both with the silicon side of that as well as the packaging side. I'm not sure that same dynamic exists on the NAND side, but in terms of consumption, it feels like there should be some. But again, I'm willing to sort of let this play out a little further to see what the new model should be. And we talk closely to our customers to see what they're seeing in the marketplace as well.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that it's split. I mean, obviously, on the domestic China side between some memory investments as well as a lot of specialty technologies, trailing edge focus on end markets, I think we're all familiar with automotive and industrial and those types of markets. As you mentioned, it's strategic. I mean, these are customers that are giving us long-term forecasts. Doug talked last quarter about deferred revenues are impacted by some of the down payments, at least within the visibility horizon that we need, we feel we have a pretty good view of a fair bit of investment that this continues in China, especially in those specialty technology markets where new fabs are emerging to try to capture some element of those trailing edge end markets.
Tim Archer: I think it starts in line with the timeline that you just talked about and it's first -- through the first half and second half of next year. I mean these things tend to ramp and I think we are at the point where gate all around is going to become more meaningful. We'll see that in growth in some of the traditional products that are sort of lumped in with everything else. But then there are specialized products that we talked about, like selective etch those -- that suite of tools that's very specialized for applications like gate all around. We'll see faster growth in those segments, I think, as we move through '24 and on into '25. So yeah, maybe we're at that key inflection point. How that overcomes the rest of the market dynamics in '24? We're not ready to guide '24 yet, but some of those technology trends are starting to move in our favor.
Tim Archer: Yeah, Joe, we had talked last -- at the end -- towards the end of last year, right around the October 7 announcement that the impact to our business this year would be $2 billion to $2.5 billion. We clarified earlier this year that because we were able to make some shipments for trailing etch memory that we had not -- we weren't sure whether we could, that impact was going to be closer to the $2 billion mark. That is still what we estimate the impact of last year's restrictions, the October 7 restrictions on our business, $2 billion of revenues. Now in the same time, as China has shifted its focus towards the areas they can invest, these trailing etch, foundry logic and some of the trailing edge memory, we've seen that upticking a bit as we've moved through this year, and that's what we just spoke about. So I can't really speak to future regulations that may or may not be contemplated. We have a team in Washington DC that's regularly engaged with the government, make sure they understand our business and the details of the semiconductor industry, and that's about the best we can do right now.
Tim Archer: Okay, a little bit difficult, I guess, just from the standpoint that, obviously, pricing improvement in memory, we tend to start to get customers interested in greater utilization of the fab. I think easier, I was going to answer relative to what you'd see in Lam. Obviously, once we start reporting an uptick in our CSBG spares and service businesses, obviously, it's an indicator that fabs are starting to be utilized more, and therefore, consuming spares and service. That's why I mentioned a little earlier that we are expecting to be really one of the first beneficiaries of a recovery in memory because so much of the -- there have been such deep utilization cuts in the memory fabs, that the spares and service side of our business has been impacted to a greater degree than we would have expected. When they turn those back on, that revenue should come back, and that will probably be your first indications from Lam's reported numbers of what's going on.
Tim Archer: No, Stacy, there's a normalized level of deferred revenue that's always here, always has been here, and you should expect to always be here. It's probably $750 million to $1 billion on a regular basis, I think, is what you've seen from us in the past. I wouldn't expect it to be too different than that. We've just got a lot of this cash in advance payments right now. That's why it's elevated.
Tim Archer: Yeah, we've said that NAND is obviously by far worse. We said about -- about 75% year-on-year. So obviously, that was quite that. I mean DRAM then obviously less than down mid-40s. And I think that in terms of change, we've seen a little bit of improvement, as we've just talked about with HBM and some signs of, at least a little bit more optimism on our part that the DRAM would be the first to recover as a result of some of these trends. And again, just listening to our customers and talking to them, we've heard some customers talk about further cuts in NAND just in the last 24 hours. So...
Tim Archer: Well, I think it's -- as we're just in the middle of this year, it's too early to talk about '24 from an absolute number. But clearly, as we move through the next couple of years, I talked about this regional -- these regionalization efforts building momentum. I do think that we'll see that becoming a meaningful contributor to spending, not only here but in other parts of the world.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I mean everything related to advanced packaging is growing right now. And I would say Lam's exposure kind of across the board in etching deposition is very strong. So I called out specifically HBM, but you're right. I mean when you look at the importance of things like CoWoS-2 and AI packaged system, our exposure there even broadens further to the types of tools that we sell in there. And I mentioned this point, if people caught it, even in advanced packaging, we're having to invest in new technologies for atomic scale processing. And so you can see things like ALD being used in advanced packaging now. And so we're really in a world where ALD is being used for advanced packaging, ALE is being used for 200-millimeter GaN. I think that it is creating tremendous opportunities for Lam to leverage our really broad portfolio of technologies for all these new emerging growth opportunities. And it's pretty exciting.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, this is Doug. Maybe the only thing I would add to what Tim said is we haven't really seen utilizations getting any better, quite frankly. You'll remember on the call last quarter we talked about, you'll see that from us in our spares and service components of CSBG. And as we sit here today, you're not seeing that at this point. So it's at a fairly low level and we really don't see it getting any better in the near term.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, CJ. Actually, I think if you talk to the leadership team at Lam, we're all pretty pleased where we've been able to drive the operational efficiencies in the Company and its gone quicker, I think, than I expected certainly. We're obviously beyond that 100 basis point improvement. Having said that, though, I would point to -- we do have a component of the September numbers that are mix related. I'm not going to, like, quantify it precisely for you, but we're doing real well operationally. I'm not quite ready to guide December for you yet. Except, I'd say I think we're pretty pleased where we're at and we're well beyond that 100 basis point improvement that we talked about, I think on that January call, if I recall, the first time we sort of talked about it.
Doug Bettinger: CJ, I guided you to $3.4 billion in revenue, you can do whatever you'd like to do with the competition. You've got the total number.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. And Krish, I would just add. You're right about -- I don't know how long back, we quantified it as few hundred million dollars, not billions of dollars, just to kind of frame it for you. But it is a very fast-growing component of the business as Tim pointed out. So, maybe that's a good way to think about it. It's something when you listen to every talk and everybody is very excited about high-bandwidth memory and its enablement of AI, we're right in the middle of all of that stuff from a packaging standpoint.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim, I don't really think about it right now as a drag on gross margin, honestly. It will prevent improvement in gross margin as we have to consume some of the inventory sitting there, right, to the extent that we're negotiating costs of some of the stuff down -- the stuff that we have is already on the balance sheet, right? So you've got to consume that first. So that's the right way to think about it. I don't really think of it as a drag in the near term. And Tim, it will come down, although what I tried to say in my script was it's going to come down a little bit more slowly than perhaps you've seen us be able to drive it to in the past because we canceled a lot of purchase orders, a lot of material in that as part of negotiating through that, you end up taking perhaps a little bit more than you need in the near term, we'll consume it over time. But it's just going to create a little bit of a delay in the reduction of inventory that you've seen us be able to do in the past. So it's going to be a little bit sticky, I think, Tim, through the year. And then I think it will -- it will come down through the year, but I think it's going to be a little bit sticky. And then you'll see it improve as we get into next year.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Brian, I guess what I'd say is it is a little bit second half weighted, and the things we pointed to in our scripts were little bit of upside in China, China domestic and a little bit of high bandwidth memory. I don't think we're going to put a quantification between the third quarter and the fourth quarter of the calendar year, except to say it's a little bit second half weighted.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Brian, this is Doug. I don't know if this helps. But when I look at like the composition of some of these AI servers, nominally, there's roughly eight times the DRAM versus an enterprise class server and three times demand from a storage standpoint. I don't know if that will help you get your head wrapped around it. But DRAM is clearly a little bit more enabling on the compute side, but storage picks up also.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I think, Toshi, the way to think about it is business is down. Right now, we're not really growing anywhere. I think as we see growth come back, whenever that is, the pivot to that Malaysia factory, which has an opportunity to do more than it's doing today, will be largely what you see from us. Now maybe to help with the restructuring activities, we embarked on plans to kind of restructure the cost footprint of the company. And maybe the best way to think about it, I've given you a forecast. We think we're going to take charges of $250 million at this point. We've taken $143 million at the end of the last quarter. So we still have some things we're working on. Although I would tell you the workforce portion of it is complete. We're done with that aspect of it. So that's behind us, we believe. So there's just some other things you're doing around looking at product, repositioning inventory, maybe a little bit of infrastructure stuff, we are embarked upon what will be a multiyear digital transformation initiative at the company, which will deliver efficiencies over the next several years. So there's a handful of things that are still coming in the future, I guess, is what I would describe.
Doug Bettinger: I guess what I think about, Atif, is these are longer-term statements we're making. I think you're right about the composition of AI servers. In the short term, you're not really going to see a meaningful uptick in WFE, frankly. This is going to occur over the next several years. As more of -- and you're right, I think server volumes largely, I don't know, mid- to, I'd call it, mid-single digit percent of total servers. I think that grows over time. But in the short term, it doesn't really show up as quickly as you might think. It requires sort of capital investments to occur for future demand. That doesn't really happen in a meaningful way in the short term.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, we did not suggest CSBG is picking up in the next quarter. That was not a statement anybody on the call made. So if we said something that led you did that conclusion, maybe we misspoke or perhaps you misinterpreted something else we said.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I don't know if there's anything I'd point to that is dramatic. I suggested two things. One, our operational efforts in terms of just efficiencies and whatnot, it is maybe a little further ahead of where I thought it would have been. And I did point to favorable mix in the current quarter. You always see mix up and down, both products as well as customer mix. We're benefiting a little bit in the September quarter. I don't know if you'll see that same magnitude of mix benefit in December. The operational stuff, we will. I wouldn't run too far away from where we are right now into the near term anyway. But I would tell you, I'm very pleased with what we've been able to execute and the things that are in our own control, we've done extremely well.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I've never said how much of it is in China. I've described it as newer customers, right? Customers that are new that we're not exactly sure of the creditworthiness, we require cash in advance before we build the tools. I haven't put a number on how much of it is China. Although a decent amount of it is. And what I said on how much that turns to revenue, as I said, the majority of it turns to revenue in the second half of the year.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Blayne, Tim pointed to two things. A little bit more in China and high-bandwidth memory as it's not a huge uptick in WFE, but those are the contributors.
Doug Bettinger: We described in generally, when you look at WFE down, where it is memory is down mid-40s, and you probably know kind of where that is run rating suggested foundry logic, looks like it's down roughly 10%. And yeah, you're right, just been a little bit of a softening in leading-edge foundry logic. We talked a little bit about that last quarter. I'm not sure we're describing anything incremental. Perhaps we saw some things others didn't see sooner than they did. But that's how we see things setting up right now.
