Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Tim thanks. And thanks for the concern about my health. I'm doing quite well, frankly. I don't know, maybe just a little scratchy throat. I haven't quantified it, Tim, and I'm not going to now. Except what I've said in the past and I'll continue to say is, it's a notable headwind from where -- once we get through this environment, from where we will be, I'm not going to quantify, but just know this, it's notable.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. I don't really see any change from a quarter ago of any major customer plans, and I won't refer to any one customer or another but no real change, Tim.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Let me start and then I'll let Tim add on. Krish, I think some of the cost headwinds, we're seeing in during be around for a while, especially what I intimated. We're doing our best to work through it in an efficient and effective manner. But frankly, we're spending money to try to continue to increase our output capability. And like I said in my prepared remarks, we're making progress on lots of different things, but we didn't see other things popping up in -- like I said, we're working our way back through the supply chain and Tim referred the fact that actually semiconductors are constraining us a little bit. We're doing our best to work through it. We're mitigating problems. We're incrementally increasing capability as we go. And I think it's going to get better bit by bit is what I would describe, Krish. I don't know, Tim, you want to --
Doug Bettinger: Hey Krish, I will just remind you something. Tim said in the scripted remarks, that as we look at the NAND investment required generating the bit growth over the next 5 years as compared to the previous 5 years, it's increasing. That includes cryo rolling out and increasing etch rates as a result of that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, nothing goes up every single quarter. There's ebbs and flows. It's a second half weighted Foundry/Logic's spending profile. It's going to be a good quarter in December. But when you got to concentrate instead of a couple of really big customers, it's lumpy at times, so I think that's the only thing I'd tell you about it.
Doug Bettinger: It's a combination with you, right? You said Foundry/Logic and DRAM up in the second half and many more balanced.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Blayne. We're doing our best to get paid fairly for what we're delivering to customers and get paid for the value we are delivering. So that's an ongoing activity at the Company. And a lot of our pricing arrangements are on an annual basis, renegotiated. And clearly, we're focused on trying to get the gross margin to improve over time. So that'll be a part of it.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Toshiya. It's too soon for us to give you a specificity in 2022. When we look into the year though of 2022, I'm very confident on the growth here. I believe every segment of the business is actually going to be pretty strong next year, but I'm not really ready to parse it one versus another quite yet. Obviously, we'll do that for you next quarter. And I feel really good about where we're positioned, right. Tim talked a lot about the trajectory of our business in Foundry and Logic. We've always been strong in memory and I believe we're going to continue to do extremely well there. So too soon for me to parse it there. And by the way, I think CSBG is going to have a good year next year, right? When I put it all together, I think we're very well-positioned and going to continue to be. And stay tuned. We'll give you a little more specificity on the December quarter call.
Doug Bettinger: Hi Toshiya, you're right. There's lumpiness to different aspects of it. Tim specifically said 11 consecutive quarters of record revenue for Reliant. Obviously, there's ebb and flow and other stuff as inventory builds a little bit. Upgrades can be a little bit lumpy at times depending on what's going on in the installed-base. But I will tell you, when I think about CSBG going into next year, it's been a very strong year in terms of our chamber shipment this year. That's the opportunity to continue to have CSBG grow into next year, and that's why I have pretty high confidence that this business will grow every single year. It may not grow every single quarter, right? We were flat this quarter, but we're shipping a lot of chambers this year and I feel pretty good about what that's going to mean for CSBG next year.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek, obviously, we know every fab in the world, how big it is, how much equipment it can take. And we think through that as we're talking to customers about when they want equipment in those clean room spaces. So that goes into part of the thinking as well.
Doug Bettinger: That's a good question, Patrick. Yeah, we are. We go to market there through the Reliant product line, as you know, which refurbished equipment is, and increasingly we're selling new equipment. And when I look at some of the new customers or customers that are taking equipment, it's -- our footprint is doing quite well, frankly, in the specialty space and we have some very specific things that were very, very strong at. So yeah, I think we're doing well. I don't know Tim if --
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. No, Sidney. We're not going to quantify right now, but we are constrained, our lead times are stretched. It's a decent amount of unmet demand. I mean, there's a reason that I said unmet demand, lead time, and so forth. We're working our way through it. But I'm not going to quantify.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, Sidney. What I like about NAND and DRAM this year, it's a combination of both wafer ads and you always get node conversions in both NAND and DRAM. And that's very much what we see going on, more wafer adds this year than last year. Obviously, that's just natural where demand is in the industry. And when I think about supply growth, both, when I look at the investments that are occurring this year, I think NAND is pretty balanced in terms of supply, demand, growth for the year. I think DRAM is still a little bit constrained, frankly. So that's generally what I see, what we see at Lam.
Doug Bettinger: You are absolutely right that they are both growing in order to get the same amount of bid growth. I'm not ready to compare one to the other necessarily, but they're both growing. It's getting more and more challenging capital intensity. Is going up to get the same level of big growth in both NAND and DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: I'm not going to tell you how its moved sequentially. It was there last quarter, it's there this quarter. We're working to mitigate it, work our way through it, but I'm not going to compare it one quarter to the next.
Doug Bettinger: It will get better as we ramp the factory. And I think by the time we get to the second half of '22, it will begin to be a benefit to gross margin as opposed to a headwind. We just need to get a ramp, those fixed costs there, and we're working on that.
Tim Archer: Yeah. Harlan, let me take that first. I think the simple answer is no. When the vast majority of our conversations with customers today is still about delivering equipment that they feel they badly need to meet their near-term requirements. And as Doug mentioned in his prepared remarks, I would say lead times have stretched out to the point where our visibility into demand in '22 is better than usual. So I don't think that the hypes of initial indicators that you're talking about are things we're seeing right now. We feel much more constrained by supply chain challenges and ability to meet shipments and an over shipping situation.
Tim Archer: Yes, it's a great question. So as I said in my script, the Reliant business is growing faster than the WFE investment in that segment, so it would imply we're picking up share there. That's -- I would say reasonably well balanced across our product portfolio. And you're right, in that market, a lot of that is about Lam's leadership in bringing both technology and productivity to our customers. So you're aware there are new decisions being made about toolsets or new fabs being established for those types of specialty products. We have a lot to offer relative to the -- hitting the cost targets that those customers are looking for.
Tim Archer: I think we're not going to give first half and second half of 2022, but we -- what we would say is we're exiting this year with significant unmet demand. We talked about a constrained environment, which means we enter 2022 with a lot of tailwinds relative to business, but I tried to, in my remarks, lay out some of the trends that we think over a slightly longer-term, maybe through 2022, on into 2023, are driving, not only demand. But really on the supply side, rising capital intensity, larger [Indiscernible], different architectures, new processes that need to be inserted into process flows to deal with increased manufacturing complexity. And those will be drivers for WFE structurally for a very long time. So I think there are a lot of things that will be positives for WFE in 2022, from an equipment perspective.
Tim Archer: Let's say it's probably a combination of both us expanding into some new applications that I talked about related to emerging device architectures. Did all around new processes like selective etch technologies that are expanding our market opportunity, but also share gains. So I mean it's -- we've seen the increase in spending in the Foundry/Logic area, and for a number of years, we've been focused on developing products that bring real value to customers in that space. And what we always said was, we have to be a little patient because changes in the Foundry/Logic won't come a little more slowly than in the Memory world and I would say you're starting to see the fruits of those qualification efforts starting to play out in our actual business results.
Tim Archer: No, I guess I'd just reiterate. We build incredibly complex machines. They do amazing things on the wafer. They require a lot of parts from a lot of different suppliers to do that, including tremendous amount of semiconductors themselves. And so when we've heard so much about chip shortages, we're clear that hit some of our machines and it only takes a few of those critical chips to delay us being able to ship what otherwise is a very complex system. So we, as Doug said, just have to work down through the supply chain through lots of suppliers to find out where those pinch points are. And it's a daily activity but so far we're working through there and being able to deliver growth and also meet the most urgent needs of our customers. That's really our key focus.
Tim Archer: Yeah, it's a great question and I'm glad you noted. I spent a lot more time on these prepared remarks talking about Foundry/Logic. I think our Memory story in leadership there is pretty well understood. And we want to make sure that people understand the progress we're making in Foundry/Logic and also the new opportunities that are being created for us. And so many of those are for more advanced technologies. It's where device architecture changes or things like a new RC management requirement. RC requirement drives need for new films or new deposition techniques. And so I would just say, at each technology node, we're seeing an inflection, we're seeing more of our equipment have a chance to get inserted, get qualified and become part of the process of record. So I don't think you're going to see like a single point in time or single node greasy big jump up, or you're going to see the steady progression as we made progress on both SAM expansion and share gains.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think that's a pretty good explanation. It will continue to improve as we knocked down each of the problems that come up and assuming that there aren't bigger surprises, we would see ourselves gradually improving from this point forward. Just as we had supply constraints in the September quarter and managed through those and we will have more in the December quarter. It's constrained but we're managing to knock enough off that. We're showing some incremental growth, and I think that's what you could probably expect to continue to see.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that's like all things when you're providing the technology that's needed to not only enabled current nodes but future technology nodes, we have an obligation to drive both technology and productivity and make sure the scaling is cost-effective and the roadmap continues. And so, this is our effort to not only differentiate our technology further for many companies that may try to develop similar technologies, but also to help our customers with those transitions and accelerate in the state of the art of NAND.
Tim Archer: Sure. We did say that the WFE required to achieve the same percentage of bit growth would be higher the next five years, and it's a number of things. One is, as the layer count continues to increase, certain processes scale, as we've said, non-linearly. So it takes longer to etch a stack that's twice as high, takes more than 2x longer. And that's why we need to introduce new technologies like cryo etching and other processes to keep that escalation of process times to a reasonable level. Same thing can happen with deposition as you're trying to control uniformities and defects as stacks become much higher and taller. And so in addition to that, I mentioned several steps that get added. So as you start to stack higher, the wafer stress and bowl becomes a much bigger challenge. And so now you have to add extra steps, like Lam's stress management deposition tool. Those additional steps add to the WFE required to add bit of NAND. And so that is -- it's a combination of both new steps to deal with complexity, as well as new processes required to deal with kind of non-linear scaling process times.
Tim Archer: Yeah. Maybe -- we didn't want to mislead here. I mean, we talked about the Reliant business and trailing-edge as a notable area of strength for Lam, and a sign of this broadening of demand across many, many different use cases, including industries like our own, where we're consuming a tremendous amount of that type of chip. But we do have significant business at what we've told the current leading-edge. And what I was trying to point out where is how our SAM expands with new processes and how our win rate is increasing, we believe, as new inflections come into play. So that's all built into our numbers today. But we do think that from our share of WFE going forward as these technology inflections at Foundry/Logic take place, we would see that driving higher over the next several years.
Tim Archer: Yeah. I think it would be perhaps actions we're taking with our suppliers. I mean, it's about helping to prioritize our critical supply chain partners towards some things that are most important to meeting output quarter-by-quarter. The actions we've taken ourselves, we've kind of detailed those out. If we look back 6 months ago or more, we were talking about physical capacity, needing to open factories, expand factories, and we've really taken care of a lot of our own actions. But in a very complex supply chain, we've got to do the same work with all of our partners and they've been great through that, but there's still more work to be done and we just anticipate that over the next several quarters we'll make -- we'll continue to make progress.
Tim Archer: Yeah, that's a very good question. Something we watch closely, we want to make sure that demand is as real as possible. I mentioned our lead times, our conversations with customers, our understanding of projects, I would say is better at this point because our customers planning for very big projects, mega fabs. They're experiencing difficulties in getting equipment. And so, we're having a much deeper conversations with them about how we can ensure that that equipment be available when they need it. And so, I would say, compared to normal, we have a little bit longer visibility than we typically have had.
Tim Archer: I guess what I would just add is, you know, as people are trying to work through supply constraints and increase their output out as a fab, most valuable part of our CSBG business to them is the productivity upgrades segment. Those are upgrades that can be applied to existing equipment. Many times, not even really changing the process. It might be software optimization to optimize the wafer handling through the machine and thereby gain some small improvement in throughput. We definitely see as utilizations really hit max levels, people looking for productivity upgrades they can implement to squeeze more out of installed base, so that part of our business always does quite well, but I would say in this environment doing quite well.
Tim Archer: Well, it's still pretty far out from a production perspective. But clearly, what we've always said is that anything that transitions devices in the third dimension requires a lot of etch and deposition equipment to build and create those complex 3-dimensional structures. So, clearly, a great opportunity for Lam as that inflection takes place. But I can say is, of course, we're engaged at this point in the early days of developing what those architectures and materials will look like. And as we get closer to defining those processed [Indiscernible] I'm sure there will be more discussion about that part of our business.
