Tim Archer: Sure. Let me start C.J. Yes, I think that, you probably called out the most important point right there at the end. What we have continuously said is that, because of the role that etch and deposition play in building devices, our opportunity is growing quite significantly at two of those node migrations. And so, from our revenue perspective, we clearly see that, that revenue continues to grow in 3D NAND into the future.  From a spending perspective, obviously, anytime you continue to see higher and higher numbers, you can start to think about a peak. But again, if you looked at and thought about what I said about supply growth, we still see ourselves exiting this year with supply growth remaining below the long-term trend line. And also if you go back and reference the data point we've given a couple of times at the NAND Flash at the Flash Memory Summit, about five year spending requirements to meet what we see as long-term demand growth in the high 30% range. That is -- we're kind of nearing those spend levels right now after a couple of years previously of underspending that. And so, I think that we're still quite confident about how we enter 2021 from a NAND spending perspective. 
Tim Archer: Sure. Well it’s -- maybe the last part first, which is, as Doug pointed out, probably the best way to think about its future growth is still the same as what we said in March, which is a 40% growth between out to 2023, but we did see an acceleration. And I think what you're seeing is in some ways the power of that business, which is made up of several different components, you pointed out some of them, a sensitivity utilization which is primarily in the spares business.  And then also as customers look to get more out of their existing installed base, I mean, a lot of my script talking about how customers are looking for ways to enable these transitions and enable high volume manufacturing ramps, but we are sensitive to how much it costs to do that. And so, customers continue to look for technology and productivity upgrades to make those installed bases as valuable to them as possible. So we have seen upgrades increase in terms of that. And then I also mentioned, spending on refurbishment and other systems as well. And so, it's a multifaceted business and I think that right now we're hitting all of the angles that are very important to our customers. 
Tim Archer: Yes, just to kind of reiterate comments we've made in the past. I mean, we -- as you pointed out, every time you move forward in technology, whether it's 3D NAND, we just spent time talking about or hearing DRAM. The features are getting taller. The aspect ratios are getting more difficult and that is requiring more etch and deposition technology, and it tends to expand our SAM. What we’ve said is every technology node in DRAM, NAND, and in Foundry/Logic, our SAM grows if the technology moves forward. So, your question about DRAM is no different. We do anticipate and we said that we think we enter 2021 with a good setup for rising DRAM spending. As you pointed out, a couple of years of flattish DRAM spending where we've kind of been under growing long-term demand. And so, we combine increased spending with, we see as higher intensity due to these technology changes that require more etch and deposition equipment, we think it's a good setup for Lam going into 2021.
Tim Archer: Well, I mean it's a very difficult question to answer from the standpoint that in many ways, what you just implied in the question was that some of that may be building in China in anticipation of demand they see several years out. We think that demand -- I mean, for all of the reasons that we talked about, whether it's -- I mean, it's just the digitization of the global economy, that's occurring everywhere. And so we think that demand remains. And so to your point of how much of it gets reconstituted, how much of it gets satisfied, I think China demand, global demand has to be satisfied by somebody. And so I think, ultimately, a lot of it gets reconstituted. And the only part that might not be is, what we have acknowledged, and I think most people recognize is as you're coming up the learning curve, there can be in the short-term some overspending as you're learning and you're building yield and you're gaining efficiencies.  But even in the long run, that -- we've seen that play out over every region. And what ends up happening is that turns in ultimately to business -- for our installed base business, where we go back years later, and we're making that installed base productive. And so this industry is so efficient but I don't think there's ever really anything that gets lost, quite honestly. And that's -- but I mean, there's a lot of -- there were probably a lot of pieces to your question that require assumptions. But I think that it would cause some disruption, as we said, in the short-term. But in the long term, demand drivers and the need to supply semiconductors and semiconductors equipment to meet them doesn't fundamentally change in our view.
Tim Archer: No, I think that's fair. I mean, obviously, just as you see, even sometimes in our own numbers, is you're building for growth. I mean, there's no doubt, the inventories themselves, the number of parts that have to be stocked and maybe it’s what we’d call the safety stock level. I mean, those may rise. I mean when you're in the early days of a manufacturing fab, you’re always concerned about like the time to get another part shipped in. But as you really start working towards efficient mass production, you do that. So I think we have seen -- and clearly, we have seen that shipments have increased, but whether they're increasing more than the growth plans of the -- of those customers, a little bit more hard to say. And I'd say just across the board, there's a little bit of a -- everybody is focused on business resilience. But as we talk about things that may be structural, I think for quite a long time, and people are going to be looking at what do I have to do to ensure my business can run. And so I don't think those -- you see those immediately like turned on and off.
Tim Archer: I mean the simple answer is no, SAM still grows under every scheme to build more layers. It translates into different parts. Again, I've talked about this where you kind of picked your battle whether you're trying to build ever taller stacks in one shot or you're trying to build efficient stacking. But simple answer is etch and dep intensity rises in either case. Just perhaps split differently with different applications.
Tim Archer: No. I think also just you referred back to like 2018, and I think that, again, for us, we look and there are -- across all semiconductor segments, I mean, significantly greater drivers and broadening of drivers we're seeing today. And we pointed out a couple of those on previous calls. But just even the difference in DRAM content in the high-end smartphones and the dramatic jump that takes from -- into the 5G phones. And then, of course, we talk about the buildout of data centers and everything else. It's -- there's a demand element to it. There's the supply element. And I think we just see it as a positive into 2021.
Tim Archer: We're certainly going to try. And I think that in our business -- we've described this in many ways, every quarter, we come in and we talk about wins and new applications. And I know it kind of starts to sound like we're a broken record here. But the reality is it takes a couple of years for those wins to start to translate into the numbers that you're starting to see now. And so if you go back and you kind of look at the old transcripts, you'll see us talking about pretty significant momentum that started really in the 2019 time frame. And it's been building through 2020, and that's what you're going to start seeing I think play out. As those wins at those future nodes start to roll in through high-volume manufacturing. I'd make the same caution we're extremely happy with Sense.i momentum right now as it's winning sort of those slots and sockets in future nodes. But I know the timing for those to then become the main driver of revenue and market share growth won't be until those nodes that are in development now and moving into pilot become high-volume nodes. But that's -- so I would say that we look back 2 years to our progress, and that's kind of what we're starting to see, and we look at wins we're making now. And that's our pipeline to hit the 2023, 2024 objectives. And I think we -- as we said, we feel we're on track and almost couldn't feel better about the strength of the product portfolio and the pipeline right now.
Tim Archer: No. I think this -- I mean, at least from our view, I mean, I mentioned it was another record quarter for our business group that satisfies that demand. We've just seen tightness in this market and kind of a broadening of those activities quarter-by-quarter. So -- and if you go back and look, we've reported record quarters now for quite a number of [quarters]. So I think it's just tightness. It's difficult. In fact, we just had a very strangely, but a new product release, where we talked about we're leasing a product now for 200-millimeter photoresist strip. And so I think you can get a sense from that where we're going back and basically refreshing 200-millimeter products that the demand is out there, and it cannot be solved or served just by refurbishment of the existing base. It's -- the requirement is actually expanding beyond that.
Tim Archer: Well, I guess you addressed it, is there a risk? Do you mean backward-looking risk in the September, the risk that pulling occurred? I think Doug kind of answered that, which is we really haven't seen or felt anything that feels out of the ordinary relative to the growth plans for these customers. Going forward, I think, again, in many ways, you see us guiding to yet another record for the company. And I don't think that we'll be -- I don't think that any of that right now factors in what we would, again, think is abnormal pull-in activity.
Tim Archer: I think the question maybe was about spare parts, but it's really more of -- I think it's a broader statement.
Tim Archer: Yes. And the -- question was, is it all targeted towards that strength. I mean, we basically have talked, I think in the past. We're strong across all flavors of 3D NAND.
Tim Archer: Yes. It's -- well, I guess what I would say is we featured the Equipment Intelligence solutions. You imagine if we're launching Sense.i designed around Equipment Intelligence, we started that activity long before COVID was ever even something we could imagine. So we feel very fortunate now that we're driving that aggressively. And it really is designed to do things that remove the need for people to be physically located at the tool in order to troubleshoot and repair the tools. And so we have seen -- I mentioned a 6x increase in remote support engagements year-over-year. A lot of that is because our engagement with customers, there's kind of like not many other choices at this point to bring the kind of expertise you need to the tool. And I think that what -- just as we're seeing with work from home and other things, a lot of that will remain structural. It is -- it does save money for the customers by allowing us to repair the tools and get them back into production more quickly. And it saves money for Lam because we don't have to deploy as many people flying all over the world trying to service these tools. So I think a lot of that, I hope and I believe, will be structural and long lasting.
Tim Archer: I think, though, it also is -- Wes, maybe you've been around a long time. So you recognize the SABRE name point. And the point there is, in many cases, these are -- I mentioned this is about leveraging a lot of the expertise we've already built for other applications into new areas where we can gain high share. And it doesn't require in those cases for those markets to be quite so big to start to have an impact. So SABRE 3D, very, very strong position, very long track record. A lot of that R&D already kind of being done for larger markets; Syndion, same thing in terms of very high, very strong market position. And then, as Doug pointed out, what we're really trying to say, we have those positions, and we actually see the market coming to us as more of these integration schemes continue to go 3D. So we highlighted it just as it's one other example of 3D helping drive incremental growth for the company.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I haven't quantified it, but it's noticeable. I mean, let me put it that way. I mean freight logistics spending is quite expensive right now simply because there's just not enough airfreight flying across the Pacific Ocean where a lot of our stuff comes and goes. But I haven't quantified it. Harlan, the right way -- maybe just thinking back longer-term to the financial model, but the right way to think about it is still the numbers that are embedded in there. Right now, when I think about the revenue levels we're at, we're trending a little bit below what might be in that model and it's because of the COVID inefficiencies, in particular, freight and logistics. I'm not going to quantify it for you, though, but that's how you should be thinking about it. And we had a really positive mix in September. We don't have quite as positive mix in December. So that's the commentary around sequential gross margin.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John, I'm not going to quantify the large Chinese foundry impact to the guide. I think the numbers I've seen people suggest, percent of revenue, WFE, longer-term basis, the right way to kind of think about where that particular customer might have been and could continue to be if we are all in the industry able to get licenses. In any given quarter, it can be up or down as all customers are. So I'm not going to specifically quantify it in December, but I think you know roughly how big they are.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And maybe, John, I'd just add a couple of things, the way I think about it. When I look at the revenue in China for us, it's split fairly evenly between the multinational customer base and the local Chinese customer base. So to help you frame it a little bit, that multinational stuff, obviously, was a decision to put in a country that could have gone anywhere quite honestly. And then as Tim alluded to, a lot of the Chinese customers are relatively new in their process ramps, so maybe they're a little bit inefficient or somewhat inefficient. But at the end of the day, they're building capacity to support long-term demand that somebody else will step into over a period of time. So anyway hopefully that's helpful.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, it's hard to know, to be perfectly honest. One thing I looked at in anticipation of this question coming up is, from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter, did any customer meaningfully increase their spares orders with us in China? And the answer to that was, no, not really. That doesn't mean that maybe they weren't planning to stock a little bit ahead. It would be pretty hard at times to know. But I don't see a big stocking going on in China for spares. That's maybe the way I'd summarize that. I don't know, Tim, if you think any differently about that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, I specifically reiterated the 75% to 100% return to free cash flow as the company's planned objective. I don't know think of it, however, that's what we're planning to do. Now over the last couple of years, we've done more than that. We've done more than 100%. And your observation is right. We probably have a little more cash than we need sitting on the balance sheet right now. We'll be looking at that periodically over time. But I don't have anything new to tell you right now relative to any change in our plans or thinking.
Doug Bettinger: Not that I'm willing to share it, Krish, because off the top of my -- I'm not sure I know what the number is. The way to think about it over time is consistent with equipment shipment with a lag, right? And the way we've generally been talking about the business for us from a system standpoint in China is, it's been pretty evenly split between multinational customers and local China. And over time, the CSBG business kind of would get caught up to a similar footprint, if you will, maybe not immediately. But Krish, that's just off the cuff reaction to the question.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I think China is going to remain strong in December is how I view it right now as we sit here today. And I think the broad-based set of customers in China that I tried to describe will continue to be what it looks like.
Doug Bettinger: Well, the large China foundry customer likely isn't going to get much from us, if anything, unless we get a license in December. So that will probably trend down a little bit in December.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Toshiya, those numbers you referenced probably are fairly consistent with what I think is the consensus view as well as our own models. So I don't have anything incremental to add there. Your second question, sorry, ask it again.
Doug Bettinger: My view, I mean NAND is pretty decent right now. And I think it will be pretty decent next year. Again, based on our view of the industry inventory, investment plans, I think it will be a pretty decent year for '21 next year. We're not going to give you numbers on '21 yet. We'll do that in next quarter's earnings. But I think it sets up pretty well.
Doug Bettinger: Maybe I'll make a couple of comments. And then Tim, you can add on. I mean the incremental I think that came out was really an application of a rule that was previously out there around military end use that basically said, if you’re enabling that, one of our customers is, you need a license. And so what ended up happening is, I guess, guidance, if you will, from the Department of Commerce that you need the license to ship to at least 1 customer, the foundry customer in China. I mean, that's really the only thing that was new, Joe. And so we're applying for license is basically what's going on. I don't know how long it's going to take to find out whether those license will be granted or won't. We're kind of in sort of uncharted territory, and we're waiting to see how it plays out. So timing, I don't know that I can help you much with. 
Doug Bettinger: Generally speaking, when these rules come out, you get a little bit of a lead time, so you can adjust whatever is like in the very near term going on. But it's hard to know, quite honestly. So at this point, we are complying with all regulations that are out there relative to this 1 customer, which means we're delaying the shipment plan for the December quarter, basically it’s what's going on until we know more.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Blayne, I mean, I know you know this market really well. I kind of think of the analogy IoT edge kind of devices that are out there, you know what's going on there. I mean, that's really what's going on with this part of our business as well. Back at our Investor Day in March, we suggested that we think WFE in this space quickly grow 2 times to 3 times faster than WFE broadly. And that's what's going on.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Blayne, our normal practice at this point in the year is not to give specific numeric, here's what next year looks like. We'll do that a quarter from now. We're giving you a little bit of color that we think it's going to be a good year next year, but it's too soon for us to quantify. We just -- our practice is to wait until the December quarter earnings to give you that. And we will give it to you then.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Our view is still mid-high 50s from a WFE standpoint, in China, roughly $10 billion, plus or minus a little bit. We're 3 quarters of the way through the year. So if the 1 customer that everybody is thinking about right now isn't able to spend in the fourth quarter, we're still in that range.
Doug Bettinger: Well, hard to know. That's a pretty recent announcement, and it would be a little bit of speculation. I mean, Sidney, long-term, the way I think about this is, at the end of the day, demand is what matters, right? Our customers are putting wafer capacity in place to supply demand. And things can get pulled in, pushed out a little bit on the margin. But at the end of the day, when I think about where I think the industry heads, supply and demand have to be in relative equilibrium, over the medium or longer term. And whether that means we have 5 customers in NAND or 3, it largely doesn't matter. They're going to invest to satisfy demand in my mind.
Doug Bettinger: In any given year, Joe, when we look at it, there's always a blend of both. It's always in the best interest of the customer to do the node conversions first because it's a very cost-effective way to do it. And then generally, that means you lose wafer capacity and it needs to get topped up a little bit. In any 1 year, the mix is different 1 year to the next but it's always a blend.
Doug Bettinger: You know, Wes, right now, it's small, but with nice growth trajectory. And we're excited about what the future looks like. It's not huge right now. But when you listen to the industry and our customers talk about it over time, it's clearly part of their road map to drive Moore's Law forward. So we're excited about it. It's not huge now. We hope it will be over time.
Doug Bettinger: There's not a lot of fabs in the U.S. taking equipment. I mean that's what's going on. I mean this is a [shift key] statement. And most of our customers' fabs are outside the United States, Wes, you know that.
Doug Bettinger: No. It's just -- you know how this works. Equipment can be lumpy to any one fab that come one quarter and then it needs to ramp. And it's lumpiness, but you know the fabs are in the U.S., and that's what's going on. It's just timing.
