Martin B. Anstice: Thanks for your comment at the introduction there, Harlan. The answer to your question is yes, we are. I expect, still, one customer to be the dominant kind of emerging out of pilots to production. And to the extent that other customers are investing in 3D NAND, which we do expect, there are pilots-oriented investments. But it is more than a one-customer assumption set that's embedded in our $32 billion, correct.
Martin B. Anstice: I think on the utilization front, kind of, time will tell. I mean, instinctively, I agree with the hypothesis of your question but it's not as if, with some rare exceptions, utilization levels are -- they're kind of not -- are kind of low there. They're pretty active. I mean, certainly in the memory space, that's a true statement and I think the technology nodes, given the flexibility the foundry community have, utilization pretty high there as well. But indeed, to the extent utilization goes up, that's one source of growth. Another source of growth is the installed base of the company. So there's a natural expansion of the growth consistent with the output of the company. And you can see evidenced by our actual performance and forecast, we've got some nice momentum on outputs of systems into the installed base and that bodes well for sustainable growth this year into next year. And as we talked about in our Analyst Meeting and a little bit in the last 2 earnings calls, the installed base business of the company, the spares, the service, the upgrade, the training, the refurbishments, are tremendous opportunities to contribute value to the customer and that being a core strength of the history of both companies. But I would say it is fair to characterize that we're reenergized around that today. And in the context of responding to complex challenges from our customers, to not just deliver technology but to deliver cost. That's an opportunity for us to strengthen partnerships with our customers.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think as I said in my prepared comments, we obviously have less visibility in the second half than first, but we do have some assumptions, which are based in that $32 billion. And I think reasonable balance between first half and second half is kind of an overall commentary I would offer for WFE in total. But I would say one segment that stands out in that kind of picture is DRAM, where I think there is a higher profile of first-half investment compared to the second. And I don't know if that's a 60-40 or a 55-45 or a 65-35, time will tell. But that is the segment which stands out, at least at this point, as being slightly more biased to the first half. Now, a lot of things could change in either direction and, clearly, to the extent that prevails, that's an opportunity for Lam to outperform, given kind of memory concentration in the first half compared to the second half as far as peer comparisons are concerned. Although as I said, I do expect outperformance in the calendar year period. So that's the best I can offer you at this point, Tim.
Martin B. Anstice: No, I think actually that we've got memory expansion in shipments December to March and foundry, fairly stable.
Martin B. Anstice: That's a good question. Thank you for your comments at the beginning as well. We have not chosen to revise the models for '15 and '16 yet. I think, clearly, we would be looking for incremental opportunities to the baseline that we established if indeed the EUV picture, as recently characterized, plays out that way. And we've got a lot of time between now and then in terms of positioning for 7-nanometer logic, particularly into the extent there is any interception at 10. Frankly, 10-nanometer positions are still out there in many respects, as well. So we haven't changed the model per se, but I would expect us to be chasing a broader set of opportunities as a result of this.
Martin B. Anstice: Wow, that's really specific. One of the things I don't want to do, frankly, is get a little bit ahead of ourselves on the number of extra passes, which is of the most tangible area of growth for us in the DRAM conversion and -- because I want to see more evidence that, actually, the emerging messages that I communicated to you today actually show up on a continuing basis. But we're really focused on high aspect ratio opportunities. We're really focused on -- in the x space, we're really focused on packaging and ALD with conformality and uniformity challenges being more significant in next-generations. That's the area for us. I mean, it's all about inflections and it's all about emerging technologies to support narrowing kind of requirements on process windows that are tough to deal with.
Martin B. Anstice: Indeed, I could probably give you some reference on that. If you have a follow-up question, why don't you ask that first and I'll do a little bit of research while you're...
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I mean, there are only kind of so many players, obviously, in the NAND space. And the mixture of spending has kind of 3 components to it. It has a 3D investment, which in '14 is different than '13 by virtue of more people engaged in a pilot line space. So that's one investment type. Another investment type is whatever additions are going to be made in the context of remaining planar investments. And then a significant investment in NAND flash comes from conversions. And that's obviously a play in a dominant conversation for the customers. So if I looked at additions, I would say the additions via 3D NAND, and if I look to upgrades, it's all about kind of planar investments. And I would not expect this year to be the year where, all in, 3D is the majority of NAND investments. So if I look at the sum of additions and upgrades and conversions, I would say calendar '14 is still likely to be -- it's getting closer, but it's still likely to be a planar majority year. So the answer to your first question is, obviously, the baseline for NANDs WFE in '13 is a little higher than DRAM. We assume about $6 billion for NAND last year and $5 billion or so for DRAM. I believe there's about $1 billion or so of growth in NAND year-over-year. And frankly, something similar to that level in DRAM as well. So reasonably equal growth increments, slightly different baseline.
Martin B. Anstice: And I would add, I think an important point relative to the interpretation of the financial models. So if you kind of go back to what we presented at SEMICON West last calendar year, you get a '13, '14 model and a '15, '16 model. And the fact that we had 2 models was intended to be important because it does take time as well as volume to execute cost reduction plans in terms of developing new products for lower cost profiles, et cetera, et cetera. And it does take time to execute and implement strategic plans to improve the performance of the company, however good we are in terms of competency and capability and execution. So the '13 and '14 model had a 45% placeholder and, within reason, that's a great place to be in terms of kind of modeling. And just occasionally, we're going to pop up above it as we did in December. And maybe just occasionally, we popped below it. It's much less about volume at this point. We need time to kind of get us through this period of the penetrations on the inflections. So we come out of the gates and you launch a new product, it's usually at its lowest profitability point in that first 6 months to 1-year time horizon. And the inflections are becoming a greater proportion of the output of the company. And '15 to '16 is a great placeholder for when the majority of that inflection and the majority of the new products associated with it, which should be firing on all cylinders from a cost point of view at that point, have their impact on the company. So I'd ask that you all think through not just the volume, but the timelines that were defined in the models that we communicated last year.
Martin B. Anstice: I mean, I'm sure all of you have obviously asked that question. I mean, the perpetual challenge in this industry is bringing technology to the customer at lower cost, bringing capacity and outlook to the customer at a low cost. And so I am sure and hope, quite frankly, that we're enabling not just technology roadmaps to customers, but cost reduction roadmaps to customers because I think we all recognize the complexity of our customers' industry and our customers' customer industry for that matter. So we have to run Lam Research with a long-term perspective in mind. And so I always think it is very artificial to try and bias performance in the short-term by not delivering solutions to the customers that in the long term will allow them to be most successful. So I'm sure we're part of enabling and, indeed, the customer by virtue of consolidation and influence over the equipment industry, brings a pretty big back to the table as well.
Martin B. Anstice: I think it's kind of a couple of things. There's a demand story, so I don't think $32 billion is the most aggressive view of kind of GDP in consumer confidence. And if that kind of trended up, there's -- I think, there's a little bit of upside there. The other part of it, to your point, frankly, is emerging evidence of cost and performance benefits of inflection-led device transition. So if the industry sees cost and/or performance benefits, I guess, the industry of our customers' customer sees the benefits, then there's likely to be an acceleration, if history is a relevant indicator of our future. What the probability of that is at this point? I have no idea, which is why I gave you $32 billion, plus or minus $2 billion.
Martin B. Anstice: I think I wouldn't characterize, one way or the other at this point, which one I thought was more likely to happen. There are clearly independent variables on the supply side. They're very dependent on the demand side, so I don't know. It could go either way.
Martin B. Anstice: I think it will be an emerging trend. I think it's a very hard thing to execute and, at some level, the need and the expectations for it are obviously embedded in the numbers we've given you on WFE. But I think the economic realities of scaling for the foundries make it much more important than ever. And the challenge obviously, is if they have sustaining commitments from their customers, so the legacy geometries how do they ever free up the capacity to make it kind of happen on scale. So I think it shows a -- more how big it ultimately is. I think time will tell.
Martin B. Anstice: I think we do, but I'm going to reserve the right to keep that to our ourselves and respect the interest of our customer.
Martin B. Anstice: I know you don't like me doing this, but I am going to resist it because I feel like we put a lot of information out and, just occasionally, I got to stay honest and protect some of what we spend lots of time building, which is relationships with customers and customers' customers, so that we have a good a sense of where the industry is headed.
Martin B. Anstice: No, it's a statement of physical shipments to customers. So by the end of the calendar year, that is the number I gave you.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think, kind of back to my earlier statements, the assumption that we're making today based on our conversations with customers and our own modeling is that foundry is a reasonably stable year. It's going to have, obviously, a majority forum 20-nanometer for first half and 14, 16 emerges in the second half as kind of pilot lines. So you're going to see a different node of spending in the calendar year. And if nothing changes in terms of commitments of the customers' customer to FinFET devices, then the rates by the foundry to kind of get whatever early share momentum is available tends to suggest a pretty kind of convicted spending to that plan. And I don't think this is the year where a 14 to 16 investment is particularly subject to risk on yield because it will be too early, it's not enough. I mean, it will be a much more relevant conversation in calendar '15. If 14, 16 yields aren't where the customers want it to be, then I'm sure that will be relevant to the pace of the add capacity, but I don't see that as being a particularly big factor in calendar '14.
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. The etch and CVD conversation's a little bit premature for me to have. And the first one -- the first piece, it's a little difficult, but the best I could give you probably is that I think in general, the equipment set for 20-nanometer generally is much more overlapping with a 14 and 16 equipment set than was true for 28 to 20. So I would say, intuitively, it would seem there are more opportunities for reuse 20 to 14 to 16 than existed 28 to 20. Now, that's a line availability statement as an -- or ease of transition. That doesn't take off the table, the challenge I described a little earlier, which is if you got demand from a customer and you have legacy demand for some years, how do you free enough capacity to go do it? But intuitively, I think that the reuse opportunity for the foundry is greater 20 to 14, 16, presuming you have 20 investments of a sufficient amount than was true at 28 to 20.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't think that dollars invested in '14 and '16 will be as high as 20% in the calendar year. That's the assumption that we have at this point and we have said -- and we're much more able to speak to this for deposition etch and cleans than we are wafer fab as a whole, but we've kind of sized the increment in SAM to the 5% to 10% level, I think, for the comparison of final generation planar, first generation FinFET for foundry. So that's kind of the best I can give you on capital intensity.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think actually, we gave a pretty good shot at answering that question in the Analyst Meeting at SEMICON West last year, so I'd kind of refer you back to the July 9 presentation. There's kind of more substance there than we have time for today. But just so we're not confused, it's not just kind of a service play. It's an upgrade play. It's an installed base utilization play. It's a reliability play. It's training. It's everything that's available to us as an equipment company, supporting our customers' installed base improvement expectations. Service is one part of that, but it's not a growth plan limited to service.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know, to the kind of soft part of your question, is it a higher risk or a lower risk to have more people participating? Who the hell knows. I tend to feel that the reasons for more people investing and there are more reasons around -- technology inflections inherently have more conviction than kind of genetic capacity additions, so I actually feel pretty good about that. And I also feel like the environment, the supply and demand balance and the fact that we come into the year pretty tight, the fact that pricing levels for memory, the fact that the profitability levels for semiconductor companies generally is -- maybe they would argue not as good as they'd like it to be, but it's far better than it has been. And so I tend to feel better about it. I do think that you should, we should continue to expect variability quarter-to-quarter. I mean, it is really hard to predict the output of these companies when 2 to 3 to 4 guys can represent everything about the performance of your company. One guy can move left or right and you've got a different picture. And we've kept our ranges pretty narrow on our guidance and we'll keep them that way as long as we feel like we can manage it. But I would say it's getting much more difficult to manage variability of kind of individual customer movements than ever before.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, given the concentration of a couple of customers, I'm going to kind of resist that level of specificity. It's, as I said, I do expect the -- maybe you got to triangulate a little here. We are forecasting in the range of $13 billion, $14 billion of WFE. I think kind of the public commentary and analyst commentary on 20-nanometer cost is approximately $1.25 billion, $1.3 billion per 10,000 wafer starts addition. And I kind of said I expect that the 20-nanometer addition is greater than the 14 and 16 addition. I think if you kind of work with those data points, you're going to find out a pretty reliable answer to your question.
Douglas R. Bettinger: I mean, I'm guiding you down -- John, this is Doug -- 80 basis points from what we just delivered. I'm not going to quantify the specific impact of each of those, but they both contribute, obviously offset a little bit by slightly higher volumes. But as I tried to indicate, the volume bit is getting to be less and less important because we're running the factories pretty full right now. So the upside from that is less today than it has been in the past.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Mehdi, I kind of described our approach to cash is we've got a plan in place at least through 2014, which is the $250 million buyback authorization. Yes, we're always looking at opportunities and whether they're -- crude guidance I've provided is roughly 20% of the prospective cash we generate is onshore. We may be able to tick that up a little bit. In fact, I think we will. We're always looking at a couple of different things and we'll communicate with you kind of year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter as we work our way through this authorization, what the concrete plans of the company are as we go forward.
Douglas R. Bettinger: No. Actually, I think it will be a little bit less. When we look at it, I mean, the March quarter is pretty concentrated. I think the whole year is actually going to be the same or maybe even a little bit less than '14 relative to '13.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Terence, I think the most concentrated quarter is going to be the March quarter. I'm not going to get into the specifics of each quarter after that because things move around, but it will broaden out our view as we get through the remaining quarters.
