Martin Anstice: Yeah, Farhan I mean, I’ll give you new – formally give you a new model when we get to the Analyst Day. I mean the way we’d would be thinking about it, when I look at gross margin right now, it’s probably not going to get much higher than it is right now. In fact, there’s really a bias to be a little bit lower than it is. And then it all comes down to what do you think the revenue levels of the company are. We clearly have delivered in the last several years leverage to spending. And as business volumes increase we would continue to deliver that leverage, I’m not going to quantify it for you, but that would be the way I think about it and then stay tuned, we’ll give you a formal update when we get to be Analyst Day. 
Martin Anstice: Yes, so I would say, I mean Doug already provided a little bit of color relative to the first half of next year just to remind everybody he said, we bias first half of 2018 shipments stronger than the second half of 2017. And he said, shipments momentum meaningfully stronger in March over December as best we see it today.  What I’ll add is, at a WFE level our expectation is probably in the mid-to-high single digit range year-over-year, hence we would expect more than 85% of the growth in the WFE year-over-year to come from memory.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, the simple answer to that question is, yes. I do think we have more visibility. We are clearly more relevant to the success of our customers today by virtue of the scope of the portfolio and the relevance of the portfolio to the technology inflections that are – that we’ve been talking about for some years. We still have to work very hard to do what we do, but I would say relatively speaking visibility and our engagments is stronger consistent with the strengthening of strategic relevance of Lam to the industry.
Martin Anstice: And just to add, I would say it’s almost completely independent, because bonus plans accrue on revenues and profits on revenues not on shipments.
Martin Anstice: I think they’re both relevant. We’ve articulated for a number of years, the opportunity for SAM expansion beyond the boundaries that we’re currently reporting. So the technology inflections are far from done and they’re relevant for many, many years yet to come. And as you also know from prior disclosure and their reported financial results they have the market share momentum in the company is targeted to be positive and is positive. This is a stronger market share year for the company than it was true last year and that’s sits in the context of the long term models, which you’re pretty familiar with. So whether it’s 50-50 conversation or biased slightly to the SAM expansion conversation there’s certainly some exciting business opportunity and upside for the company in the years to come. 
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I mean Krish, what we’re talking about is, we’ve got objectives to grow up faster than the installed base and it absolutely use doing that over the last several years, I got really excited about what’s going on there. Profitability isn’t all that different than the rest of the company. When we look at it an aggregate the gross margins maybe a little bit less than selling new equipment, but the level of investment isn’t anywhere near what we need to invest in the new equipment side. So the operating income in the cash generation is very attractive in this part of the business.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I would say intensely. So it’s a consolidated industry and everybody fights for their share of economics, and I think the evidence of the last several years is reinforcing of everything it was embedded in your question. To that’s variablity to model, the capacity for DRAM at the end of 2017 is similar to the capacity at the end of 2015 and that’s kind of wafer start out statements, and that’s a statement of slight growth after the contraction year in calendar 2016. But maybe a little bit different today than was through three months ago is the proportion of the installed base that is converting to the 20-nanometer technology node is actually progressing a little bit faster than the assumptions we had three months ago. So if you look at the constructive DRAM capacity at the end of this year between 1x capacity 20 series product and then more than 20-nanometer we would guess probably 25%, 55% and 20%. It’s for sure incredibly disciplined and the balance of conversion is obviously very high. So it’s a very efficient investment for our customers and to the extent that any capacity gets added it will get added as best we can tell from legitimate demand drivers and you know we have the same bit growth assumptions as everybody else in the kind of low 20% range for DRAM. And it will come from the relative transitions and density per wafer out, and as I think everybody appreciates that the density per wafer out improvements at the latter stages of the DRAM roadmap are little less than was true, let’s say five years ago in a transition.  So that’s part of the story as well. But I mean as a basic premise, we absolutely expect descipline to continue and we can’t guarantee that we don’t have the crystal ball, but that’s the planning assumption and that’s the behavior especially we can help from our customers.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, things will always ebb and flow as you know, I mean we’ve been talking about the applications when is that 10-nanometer for a while now obviously as that ramps into production that will continue. Image sensor is kind of it comes in, it goes and likewise for the power management stuff. But I expect the trajectory to continue here, we’re doing real well. And we’ve been waiting for this for a while and the ramp is beginning to happen. 
Martin Anstice: Yeah, thank you for the question. In many respects, it’s a repeat of much of the rationale we’ve talked about in the context of prior M&A focus for a process control in the company and in some respects this is consistent with the messaging on data and AI having the potential to change the world and that includes being relevant to how industry and the industry of our customers as well. So we believe that we have value to deliver to our customers and value deliver to our shareholders through an enhancement of process controlled capabilities.  And we are generally collaborative in execution today as strategies, but we have an opportunity to acquire and fully harness the capability of Coventor in the mix, it brings expertise and competency into the company that’s for sure supplements and strengthens our pre-existing computer science algorithm analytics, capability, modeling capability and it’s a really nice partnership I would say for a virtual modeling business hence a true process and a hardware characterization business. So the combination of those two things, we believe has an opportunity to grow faster then was true for a standalone business, the pre-existing products and services, the Coventor business, and it has an opportunity to provide us vehicles to introduce new products and services in that space.  And last but not least, it’s an opportunity to increase the competitive differentiation of the etch and the deposition in the clean portfolio through enhanced control and faster cycle time in development and better predictability and opening up process windows and so on and so forth. So it’s part of what we’ve been talking about for some time, it was a nice opportunity to take custody over a valuable asset and we’re super excited about the opportunity in front of us, and I think that optimism is shared by our customers.
Martin Anstice: Yeah, I’d say that what happened in the quarter relative to China is completely unrepresentative of any broader trend. So certainly don’t read anything into that other than the same for any customer, any region. Investment is a byproduct of discrete projects in any one quarter and that’s all is going to happen ebb and flow.  If we look at kind of new fab projects maybe I kind of give you an updates from the disclosure of prior periods. From now through the end of calendar 2018, we’re tracking I think 2018 fab, greenfield fabs today, and the greenfield fab can be a second floor on a double stacked fab just to be fully disclosed on that. 12 of the 18 are in China and about eight of them I think are classified as domestic China and four of them are kind of Global China.  And when you look at the distribution of investment that we’re expecting next year between global and domestic players in China it’s actually close to 50-50. So equipment purchases, wafer starts, capacity additions in China, domestic community and global community looks 50-50-ish at this point in time. That could change, but that’s the headline today.  So we’d still say the same thing today that we said before, China for global companies and domestic community is a relevant part of our future. We believe that execution is as disciplined in execution in China as it is anywhere else in the world, and I hope that continues and we’re we’re very focused. We’re investing heavily and our position in memory and Logic both in China is very strong. So hopefully that is helpful to you.
Martin Anstice: Too early for us to comment at this point. I think both segments of disciplines, both segments have overlapping demand drivers, but they have unique demand drivers and we’re kind of hold off until January to get specific. What I should say by the way are you going back to the China question is, when I gave my reference to eight domestic I was referring to memory and logic both and both segments are represented in the plans of our customers. 
Martin Anstice: Okay, I’m glad you ask that, because I maybe wasn’t quite as clear as I should have been. When I referenced 85%, I was trying to describe our outlook for calendar 2018 WFE compared to calander 2017 WFE. So our expectation is calander the 2018 is higher than 2018, I introduced a mid-to-high single digits reference for that and I provided a perspective to said we expect 85% of the growth in WFE year-over-year to be memory based. Appologise for the confusion.
Martin Anstice: Well, we do the best we can to take every piece of data that’s available to us in terms of demand, device demand the implications of that device demand on various kind of manufacturing segments to the best of our abilities. We look at kind of reuse capabilities, which is relevant for every segment of the industry. We take into account public and private diclosure of a company’s – of our customers and we tell you to the best of our abilities what we think our outlook is. So the 85% headline is the best communication we can give you at this point.
Martin Anstice: It’s not running it by an enormous amount, Weston, I mean we’ve done a little better the last couple of quarters in terms of gross margin, and I just guided you to the highest gross margin, I think in the last decade of the company. So it’s not conservative by nature. We’ve done a little better over the last several quarters for sure, but I just tell you – we tell you what we see as we look into the quarter. 
Martin Anstice: Yes is the answer to your question. It includes the reference of eight includes the bigger domestic guys and the smaller domestic guys. Its memory and Logic both. It's DRAM and flash. The flash investment is obviously materially greater than the DRAM investment in the context of market opportunity, primarily. But we are seeing the emergence, as we've talked about for some time, of investments by domestic customers in calendar 2018, big and small; memory and logic. And it's still a fairly gradual implementation, so there's no pendulum swing, there's no paradigm shift, but there's a commencement of pilot-line investments and then transition out of pilot-line into first phase, high-volume manufacturing. But the discipline that we all hope we are seeing to the best of our abilities today.
Martin Anstice: The planning assumption we have today is up a little, but it really is a little. And it will only go up a little if there's legitimate demand for devices that require that investment. So there really is no headline in terms of capacity expansion in DRAM unless there's a dramatic change to the demand statement for the segment. So it might go up and down a little bit, but it's basically headline of technology conversion. And the technology conversions, to the point I made before, are less effective gradually in terms of delivering density per wafer out than was true five years ago. But they're still incrementally valuable, and our customers appear to be making lots of money manufacturing and selling those devices.
Martin Anstice: No, it's not, but I'm not going to give you specifics at this point in time. I felt like I was super extravagant with my 85% memory disclosure, so apparently, you have a never-ending appetite for more.
Martin Anstice: Unfortunately, I don't have a never-ending appetite to provide more, so if you’ll just wait on that question until we get a little further into next year, we'd appreciate it.
Doug Bettinger: And just, I mean just to supplements, which is maybe some color relative to our thinking and that kind of guides how we run the company. I mean we run the company with a focus on absolute dollars of profitability and our aspiration is to increase the value of our company and outperform relative to increasing the value of our company. And so the profitability that we care about most is a dollar, not a percentage. And the execution of our business on a day-to-day basis requires a very careful balance and certainly the guidance that I provide to the company is intended to claim our fair share of opportunity, our fair share of profitability without compromising the success of our customers, because without the success of our customers our industry is going to struggle. So it is as much a choice as anything else, and the choice is defined by how we optimize performance, and we optimize performance according to dollars of profits and dollars of profit growth.
Doug Bettinger: No, not really C.J. I mean the two are somewhat independent. You always – I mean, when you get to the second half of the year you start truing things up and your perspective could be a little bit different, and it’s more got to do with what’s going on internally than clean room coming online. There’s a lot of clean room space coming online as we speak, and I think for the most part it’s consistent with what we expected to see, what the industry is communicated its doing. There really isn’t any difference there. 
Doug Bettinger: Krish, this is Doug. What I get excited about is just looking out to growth in the installed base and what’s going on with our installed base business, which as you know isn’t part of the WFE necessarily, it just grows along with the installed base, which is as Martin said in his prescriptive remarks is doing really, really nicely this year.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, I mean the construct of this year’s spending by the customer in the NAND space is reasonably evenly balanced across the kind of three implementation scenarios, right. So you’ve got kind of the addition of a new 3D NAND capacity you’ve got a conversion from 2D to 3D and then you’ve got this kind of vertical scaling of some 3D capacity from let’s say generation 2 to generation 3. And they’re all representatvie. The smaller of the three is the 3D NAND scaling segments.  As you’ve heard us characterize a couple times now, we’re actually almost agnostic to the part of the customer between the addition of new capacity and the conversion from 2D to 3D it’s more or less the same size opportunity for the company, and I think that’s unique in the industry as the byproduct of the process flow and the position of the company’s products to support that inflection.  As the 3D capacity becomes a bigger proportion and still even by the end of this year, I think it may only be about half of the installed base capacity and that half is in various forms, not all of it is latest generation, highest layer accounts kind of 3D. The the opportunity for 3D NAND is vertical scaling investments is going to grow overtime and that’s the most efficient pass for our customers, it’s also the pass, which is most biased to action deposition.  So the segment concentration of a vertical scaling is even stronger for us as a relative opportunity to the rest of the industry. So at the end of the day the customers will make the right choices, they’ll optimize fabs and optimize economics and that’s a pretty dynamic space. So it’s one that’s pretty difficult to predict and we actually don’t need to for the reasons what I’ve just summarized.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah Harlan, I’m not ready to give you a definitive update on that right now. Obviously we’re paying close attention to what’s going on relative to tax discussion in Washington. Your guess is as good as mine in terms of what might happen as well as the timing. We certainly have an ability to take on more debt should we choose to do that and that’s something I’ll be talking to the Board, Martin and I’ll be talking to the Board about, when I’ve got some update channel I’ll share it with you, but I don’t have that right now. 
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, two things to add. One of them is it is more of the new norm than not. And I hope it really isn’t so surprise. We’ve been talking about it for long enough, so it’s really nice to actually finally answer the question for everybody and demonstrates the success of our engagements in Logic and foundry in etch and deposition both it’s taken a lot of hard work from a lot of people and it’s really nice to see a further increase in the balanced engagements of the company in the industry. We’re fortunate to be in a very strong position around technology inflections. We’re fortunate to have the strength for the company in memory at a time when memory is clearly an increasingly relevant and critical part of the roadmap of success for all of our customers and this is icing on the cake at some level. So the really nice result.
Doug Bettinger: This was announcement, positive and negative table. This will be – we have no basis to update $70 billion reference at this time, same message today as was through the flash memory summit.
Doug Bettinger: I think you might have answered your own question. They’re making more money than they ever have done. They’re making more money than I do. So I would say, is a basic headline it looks like they’ve rationalized an ability to make an investment and get paid for it and I think going back to the questions of discipline, consolidated industry in a disciplined capacity addition is kind of part of that story. I think your question is very good, because it is appropriate that everybody recognizes that the cost of density is higher and that’s one of the reasons why the next generation memory conversation shows up in the industry today when it didn’t do several years ago.  But what I want to remind everybody is there is tons of life left in the DRAM device. There are multiple technology nodes ahead of us in the roadmap of our customers today and there are many years of investment still left in that product and technology. And I’m sure a year from now we’ll see something even better than that because the industry has a tendency to innovate its way to some pretty outstanding solutions.
Doug Bettinger: And maybe again just a supplements, it’s actually not easy to give guidance, just to be clear, I mean this is a consolidated industry, and the investments of our customers are big. Any one application is big, anyone investment is big. And so the potential to predict this at the quarterly level can actually be quite challenging. And I would say our guidance is really good because consistently we are guiding and performing within the range of our guidance. So with due respect to your question, maybe we're not as precise as you'd like us to be, but I feel really good about the integrity of the guidance conversation and then performance of the company inside of the guidance range consistently.
Doug Bettinger: Too early for us to disclose at this point. We'll give you better color on next year. I mean, it's a little bit early. Normally at this juncture we wouldn’t be talking about 2018. We’ll give you the normal color when we get to next quarter's earnings.
Doug Bettinger: I would say the basic message – and I apologize again, we lost you mid-sentence, but the basic message of the company today around our opportunity in the context of an EUV implementation is almost identical to the scenarios we characterized in the investor and analyst meeting about a year ago. So the insertion plans of our customers appear to be consistent, and the balance of space-based patterning implementations in the industry appears reasonably consistent with the assumptions we made before. So I don't think we can give you anything better than we already did. I apologize.
Doug Bettinger: And Craig, when we think about WFE and pilot investments that Martin was referencing, I mean, it's – for the local guys, it's an incremental $1 billion or $2 billion in terms of total WFE. A lot of the activity continues to be as it is this year. The global multinationals doing projects in China.
Doug Bettinger: Yes let me just clarify Craig. What we said is first half 2018, higher than second half 2017. The meaningfully comment was relative to the March quarter, not necessarily the entire half. And it's really too soon for us to call linearity into next year. Again, that's something we typically would do at the end of the December quarter, and you can expect to hear from us then.
