Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. I'm pleased to report good results for the quarter ended September 23. All metrics mentioned on today's call are for the combined company. And as a reminder, the September quarter results include a full quarter of merger-related activity, while any June quarter comparisons reflect only 20 days work. Total shipments were $935 million for the September quarter, up 15% from the June quarter and within our previously guided range. As expected, we did see a slight broadening of customers across multiple segments. And to that point, for the September quarter, approximately 20% of our system shipments were for technology nodes greater than 4X, while the remainder of approximately 80% were for applications at the sub-4X technology node. Segment data is as follows: Foundry shipments accounted for 48% of total system shipments, while the memory segment accounted for 42% of total system shipments, which include NAND at 22%; DRAM at 19%; and other memory at 1%. Constituting the balance, logic and other were 10% of the total system shipments. Revenue in the September quarter was $907 million, up 22% sequentially and in line with our expectations for the quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 44.4%, up 2.3 percentage points from the prior quarter and exceeding the high end of our guidance range, primarily due to solid operational execution and a more favorable product and customer mix. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $284 million, up sequentially from $215 million in June. A more instructional comparison would be the performance of the 2 companies on a stand-alone basis during the March quarter where combined expenses totaled $293 million. Between $5 million and $6 million of the reduction relates to the achievement of OpEx related synergies, while the remainder relates to lower stock compensation expense associated with merger-related acceleration of equity awards. The combination of higher gross margins and lower operating expenses resulted in non-GAAP operating income of $118 million and non-GAAP operating margin of 13%, exceeding the high end of our guidance range. Relative to our expectations for the quarter, non-GAAP other expenses of $2.2 million was favorably impacted by foreign currency adjustments and interest income. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 16.3% compared to 16.9% in the June quarter. And presently, we're still expecting a fiscal year non-GAAP tax rate in the mid-teens. Should the federal R&D tax credit be extended prior to our fiscal year end, this rate would be reduced to the lower teens. Based on a share count of approximately 182 million shares, September quarter non-GAAP earnings per share were $0.53, exceeding the high end of this quarter's guidance by $0.06. Moving now to the balance sheet, we ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash and investments of $2.9 billion versus $3 billion in the prior quarter, with our cash generation for the quarter being offset by our ongoing share repurchase program. Day sales outstanding for the September quarter were 64, and inventory turns were 4.0. As you know, we did not report these metrics for the June quarter as the 20 days stub period related to the Novellus transaction caused these metrics to be unhelpful. During the September quarter, these metrics for the combined company are aligned with normalized levels. And for comparison, DSO for the March quarter for Lam stand-alone were 65 days, and the inventory turns were 4.2. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $364 million, excluding approximately $21 million in the shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operations was $249 million or 27% of revenue in the September quarter. And we currently expect that as a percentage of revenue, CY '13 cash from operations will approximate CY '13 non-GAAP operating income. Combined company noncash expense includes, among other items, $24 million for equity compensation, $45 million for amortization and $30 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $44 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular full-time employees. Lastly, I'd like to provide an update on our ongoing share repurchase activity. During the September quarter, we spent approximately $344 million repurchasing shares and took delivery of about 12 million shares of common stock, which includes just over 2 million shares received in conjunction with our June quarter expenditures under structured repurchase programs. As indicated previously, our activity during the quarter was more systematic in nature, and we now expect to complete a significant majority of our $1.6 billion share repurchase during 2012. With that, I'll turn it over to Martin.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, Chris, this is Ernie. As we mentioned, by the December quarter, there is virtually no quarterly impact resulting from that change in rev-rec policy because there'll be as much flowing into the revenue stream in the December quarter as there will be deferred. So that impact is largely behind us.
Ernest E. Maddock: C.J., this is Ernie. So at sort of even revenue volumes, I think you would see continued incremental progress on the gross margin line as the result of the synergies associated with that. Obviously, you're going to have an impact from customer and product mix as well. So I wouldn't say you would see any significant upward trajectory, but certainly, the opportunity exists for there to be some incremental improvement.
Ernest E. Maddock: So certainly, we're going to be executing on the balance of the $1.6 billion share repurchase. As we talked about in our prepared comments, the vast majority of that will be complete in this calendar year. Beyond that time, we're engaged in discussions with the board about an appropriate way to ensure an ongoing return of cash we generate to our shareholders, and we'll be providing further updates to that as it becomes more clear to us.
Ernest E. Maddock: Terence, it's probably reasonable at this point, and I would stress that we haven't yet completed our 2013 annual operating plan where we would have that level of visibility. But it is reasonable to think about that on a linear basis. And it's reasonable to think about at least half of that delta being in noncash-related expenses, be it stock compensation or depreciation.
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, providing segment data would be particularly challenging given that so much of that is available to our competitors, and there's a general trend in the industry that, that information is not provided, and we certainly don't want to be ground breakers there. So I don't think you should anticipate a change anytime soon.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, for sure. As you might expect, relative to the shipments breakdown, there's a fair amount of intensity around foundry and kind of logic/other. So I would assume that about a 50% profile for foundries, 25% level for logic/other and about 25% with memory. And within that, memory sets a pretty heavy weighting towards DRAM upgrades is the profile that we see right now.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I guess, the first, I'll break that into kind of 2 components, 28 to 20. As I think we've articulated previously, that's a pretty expensive transition for the foundries. I think the estimates are between 1.3x and 1.4x in terms of cost. And our best estimates in terms of impacts on the etch fab [ph] are between a 25% and a 35% increase in spending. Naturally, the types of challenges around metal hard mask transitions in that node are definitely appealing to the natural strength of the company in terms of conductor etch. And certainly, that's a very positive headline for the company. As you move towards the FinFET transition, obviously, there's some announcements around adoption of the 16-nanometer or sometimes referred to 18-nanometer node. And again, the types of profile challenges that exist with the vertical structure kind of naturally exploits the strengths of the company conductor etch in the logic space, but also demonstrated performance in high-aspect ratio features in some of the memory applications as well. So we're feeling pretty good about the impact on our SAM in those transitions, which we think is kind of pretty close to the average WFE transitions for the industry, for the 28 to 20, maybe a little less in the case of etch, as I just spoke to. And the FinFET transition for us is probably a 15% increase in SAM. So good position and good impact in terms of SAM opportunity.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I guess first thing to say is we assume both memory and logic and foundry spend money next year. As I think we've articulated probably in equal measure through the year, the breakdown that we're assuming for 2012, WFE is about $8 billion of memory, $5 billion of microprocessor, $12 billion of foundry and $3 billion logic/other. The principal change we believe that exists in terms of segments if you buy into the $30 billion that we've just described, is that memory is a little stronger. It goes from the $8 billion level to the $10 billion level. That's the placeholder we're assuming. And there are a couple of reasons for that. One of them is that for the assumptions we're making on DRAM bit growth, and I think they're consistent with consensus, is slightly stronger bit growth next year at the high 30s. And I'm seeing some memory companies perhaps even speak to a little bit better in some instances. So we're assuming high 30s on the back of a 30% 2012 year. And despite the current environments that we're in with NAND, when we look at the construct of today's installed base and think through the 50% bit growth assumption for 2013, we would estimate that there will be about a 150,000 wafer starts of capacity addition next year and about 450,000 wafer starts of capacity conversion. And that is a slightly richer ratio biased to the additions that existed in calendar '12. Calendar '12 was the most efficient year in NAND history. That's certainly in the last 3 years relative to the mix of addition and conversion. And the 150,000 wafer start number that I just said is our assumption for next year NAND additions. It's still meaningfully less than the additions that were made in 2011 and 2010.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think I've framed the first part of the answer to the question for you in terms of the SAM expansion. So you're going to have to kind of build the construct from that because we're not about to kind of launch into giving guidance for the calendar year revenues. But I think the message in terms of SAM expansion through the 28 and the 20 transition for foundry and the opportunity through the memory roadmap is positive. And the n+1 market share numbers that I presented to you in my prepared comments were all positive to the current baseline, so you know what we're targeting to achieve. And certainly, in the second half of next year, n+1 will begin to feature in the spending of WFE.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the good news is I seem to be more positive because I am a little bit more positive, at least in the near term. As I've described before, I feel really good about the competitive strength of the company in clean in the back-end-of-line. But until we have our next-generation product, we're not going to have the competitive differentiation that I think will deliver the traction in market share gain in clean. And that's something that will be with us targeted in the middle of next year. For etch, well-positioned in terms of 28 to 20 transitions. And as I said, 70% of the decisions, the n+1 decisions for critical applications, we believe, are pretty complete at this point in time. So we have reasonably good data on the etch position in foundry. And the patterning layers and hard mask steps in that transition are very beneficial to us given the natural strength of the company in conductor etch deposition. As I mentioned, it's really all about back-end-of-line process, diffusion barrier, copper fill, very strong market share positions for the company as a baseline. I mean, the DCV [ph] position of the company is about a 70% market share, so we're coming from a position of strength. And that's obviously a very important foundation.
Martin B. Anstice: So I'll give you kind of couple of data points. Obviously, to really put a stake in the ground on the proportion of WFE first half and second half next year is pretty difficult. But we would probably assume a slightly weaker first half than second half. And whether it's 14 or 16 or something slightly different, that's the baseline I would assume for now. In terms of answering the question specifically about where kind of a NAND investment kind of plays out, today, our customers have done an incredible job basically locking down qualified capacity. And so the amount of capacity that's unqualified exiting this year, I think it's at an all-time low. So if there's any demand, it's going to, by its very nature, require capacity addition. So I think the switch is going to be really immediate when demand exists. And when you look at some of the signals of demand, I mean, we're not lost without demand signals. So although we don't disclose bookings, perhaps to be a little helpful, if -- when we look at our forecast, our bookings forecast in December is slightly greater than our shippings guidance -- shipments guidance today. So the trajectory that appears to exist would tend to support March being better in terms of business activities than December. But as we all learned in this quarter, things can change very quickly.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm not going to comment because -- I had a feeling if I said something about bookings, someone's going to ask a follow-up. So I'm going to tell you exactly what I told you. And we've got some bookings-to-shipment ratio that's positive in our outlook in December, but that's the color you get on bookings unfortunately.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, at some level, it may be a -- it's certainly assumed that it's in the category of smaller numbers on an absolute basis. So the percentages tend to kind of swing around a little bit. I don't think we've got a fundamental market share message we're communicating to you. I think it's a fairly distributed set of people spending money. You're absolutely right to make the point around reuse, at least in the microprocessor space, as being relevant to the purchasing activities today and maybe even in the December quarter as well. So we don't really have a kind of fundamental share gain message to be communicating. But the math that you did is certainly in line with the assumptions that we're making today.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think if you kind of back up 3 to 4 years, that was a much more kind of prevalent reality than it's been for some time. In the last 12 months, we've seen a couple of customers talk about it and/or do it. And in fact, the transitions have actually gone the other direction to the one that you're hypothesizing, at least in Korea, or I think that's the reality. It's not an easy thing to do. It can be a little costly and complicated and challenging. So we're not actually sitting here today with a very misbalanced supply and demand in DRAM. I mean clearly, the guys that sell DRAM devices can make the choices that you're describing and potentially the economics of DRAM, unless you're in the mobile DRAM space, are going to kind of motivate people to at least consider it, but it's not easy. So we're not seeing a big supply demand imbalance despite the fact that clearly the economics of DRAM, unless you're at 3X mode or headed to 2X, are very difficult. But it is at least a theoretical consideration.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, it's pretty hard to argue a global WFE that is disconnected from the realities of spending by the top 3 guys. They represent 60% to 70% of spending these days. So you're generally kind of right, I would say. Again, there's not a huge amount of science at this point to -- at least too precision here, and I do think we're biased to see a little bit more upside. The only thing that we've kind of assumed in terms of growth year-over-year from a segment point of view is in the NAND space for the reasons I've described. At least our assumption on the PC, which is still pretty impactful in terms of spending, we're only assuming 3% PC unit growth, and the range is like wild. I mean, I've seen minus 1% or minus 2% percentage point estimates all the way up to 11%. So we're in a fairly conservative range at the 3%. So I don't know if there's upside there or not. Well, time will tell. And there's the potential for some upside, I think, if the 3D NAND transition and/or the 20-nanometer foundry roadmaps kind of pop a little bit faster than people are expecting. But at least for us, in the $30 billion, we're pretty conservative on all of those.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the customer concentration kind of reality, I think, for every equipment company is the more the big guys spend, the tougher it is to make money. So certainly, the evidence of the last 12 months has shown that to us. And frankly speaking, despite our best efforts, it's probably a legitimate part of our future. Actually, in the September quarter, the mix that's in there relative to the top 3 is actually pretty reasonable. It's not a kind of wildly concentrated profile and it's not wildly distributed profile. The top 3 customers represent a fairly reasonable assumption for their share on an ongoing basis. So it's not a bad stake in the ground.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we're -- as I said in my prepared comments, we're assuming that in the $30 billion, it's all about planar NAND. So we got like next to nothing assumed for 3D. Relative to the timing of the transition, it's not an easy technical transition. There's still a decent set of unanswered questions on device flow and structure. And evidence of that is we are continuing to learn about our SAM opportunity. So you will remember in kind of prior quarters, I have said that if you look at kind of etch as a -- etch and deposition as kind of baselines for our company today, and you start to model what happens to our SAM or what happens to the cost of 10,000 wafer starts in a planar to 3D transition in the FinFET space and the NAND space, I had said I believe that our SAM goes up by about 15 percentage points by virtue of process time and process flow. And in the last kind of 6 months, the customers made some pretty significant choices around NAND process flow. And I would say that, that 15% that we have stated previously is probably underestimating the opportunity in etch and clean, both by up to a 2 to 3x factor. So the 15-percentage point number that we have said previously has the potential to be 2 or 3x greater than, that in this transition. So it's a very big deal. And that's a big deal in the context of overall WFE because unlike in the logic transition, the requirements for lithography actually get eased in that transition to a 3D structure memory. So not only is it a big deal in terms of the amount of money that gets spent in our segments in a 3D NAND environment, the proportion of WFE that gets assigned to the segments of our business is also increasing.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I got all of the question, but I -- certainly, in terms of the n to n+1 transition, for us in NAND, certainly, that is solid and there are penetrations assumed in the market share objectives that I've previously described in terms of kind of planar device. From a positioning point of view in the 3D structure, I think across the full portfolio of products, we've got the right engagements at the right time with the right people. As I mentioned, there's a lot of decisions still to be made, a lot of uncertainty, not just in timing, but in terms of the ultimate construct of the flow. And so it's a big part of the investment profile in the company, it's a big part of collaborating and engaging with R&D at the customers, and we're at every significant location we need to be.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the answer, I guess, to the second part of your question, there is really the 28 to 20 numbers that I already kind of disclosed to you. I said I thought 25% to 35% was the SAM expansion potential for etch, deposition a little less than that and clean is kind of to be determined. It's all about a yield play. So we really don't know how to answer that question until we get there. And there is a reasonable potential for -- in the range of 25,000 to 30,000 wafer starts of 20-nanometer capacity to be added next year. That's our assumption right now. And so it's predominantly a 28-nanometer year still. I mean, we exit this year at maybe at 240,000 wafer starts, and we believe that the 28-nanometer technology nodes will exceed 300,000 wafer starts ultimately and maybe get to as high as 340,000 or 350,000. We'll see. So it's really a 28 year, with initial 20. Answering the reuse question is pretty difficult at this point. I would tend to think reuse potential is very low. It's not an established model in the foundry, certainly in the 40 to 32 and 28 transitions. There was a little bit more than historically. But it's a tough place to do reuse on any significant scale.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I don't think it affects the near-term goals in the slightest, personally. But ultimately that's a by-product of decisions that customers make, not us. I do think if you kind of peel the onion of market share for Lam Research in etch, using etch as a proxy, we're reasonably agnostic to the choices and the transitions geographically across the base of foundries. And the obvious exception to that obviously is a company like Intel to the extent that it is -- have plans to or chooses to pursue business in a foundry model, which gets talked about in the press all time, and I have no idea if that ever happens. But that's the only one exception. Everything else, we're reasonably agnostic to, by virtue of where we have applications penetrated and the differences in the process flows between the foundries.
Martin B. Anstice: We're planning to do, we're -- as maybe the framework for answering the question, because the products that we're targeting to release is a calendar '13 product release for us, is building upon the established strengths of the company, which is to have a common architecture that we use to penetrate in many applications and then to have kind of like an options flexibility that allows customization to specific back-end applications and front-end. It is a new product, yes. It is much more productive than the platform that we're able to compete with today, and so it fundamentally changes the competitive position of the company on productivity. And we are working really hard to establish technical differentiation in the area of specific challenges that are relevant to getting traction. There's a lot of work ahead of us, but certainly the plans of the company are defined that way.
Martin B. Anstice: It would appear like deposition, one, etch, two, and clean, three, in terms of the change from a percentage point of view in each of those segments. Obviously, the etch segment is the biggest segment. So the absolute dollars of change in etch may be quite similar to the absolute dollars available in terms of change in dep. But on a percentage basis, if you look to percentage dep in our planar structure to a 3D structure is the biggest proportional increase. And I've just said clean on the lower side, and the reason I said that is because until the customer attempts to yield, we're not really going to have the answer to where the value on yield-enhancing solutions is from a process flow.
Martin B. Anstice: It's a tough question. I would say, first of all, I don't think anything happens kind of anytime soon. I think consistent with comments from other equipment companies, we're certainly in a lull in December and probably in a lull in March as well, and we'll see when we get to the June quarter. But relative to confidence, I don't think we have an extravagant characterization of bit growth in calendar '13. We're assuming 50%. 50% is the lowest percentage of bit growth in any of the last 4 years. That's kind of statement #1. Statement #2, at least to our analytics, there's only 20,000 wafer starts globally of unqualified, unused capacity. Unbelievably low. And so any demand that comes in is going to be a catalyst for spending. Now the spending can come in many forms, to your point. But at least to date, we have not learned anything from customers that would cause us to model the outlook differently. Obviously, if we do and when we do, we'll share that perspective with you. And at the end of the day, the NAND investment, and like any segment, frankly, is all about demand and supply, but it's also about the availability to upgrade the existing installed base. And in calendar 2012, we probably have seen 70,000 wafer starts of new capacity added by the end of this year in support of a 65% bit growth. And we're assuming about 150,000 wafer starts of addition next year, with about 100,000 wafer starts of less conversion in '13 than occurred in '12. So that mix has the potential to change the answer to the question. We've done our best to tell you what we think the outlook is, and our best estimate is 150,000 wafer starts of addition next year and 450,000 wafer starts of conversion. And the additions will cost about $280 million, $285 million, $290 million per 10,000 wafer starts and the conversions we think cost about $50 million to $60 million per 10,000 wafer starts next year.
