Timothy Archer: Sure. Kris, on Cryo Etch, I mean, I had a couple of data points in my prepared remarks. But one is we have an installed base of Cryo Etch tools used for NAND that's now approaching 1,000 chambers. So obviously, we've been in high volume production with this application for quite some time. And my comment was that there always are customers exploring different options during the development phase. But as my comment is, these are very complex processes to put into high-volume production. And so we continue to leverage the learning that we get working with our customers to focus on technology extension and manufacturing readiness. And by that focus, we've been able to defend the decisions once they come to that point of the customer really having to decide which tool to commit their next fabrication line to incidence. So all we can say is we're working hard to make sure we have the best tool for the application. And so far, it's winning the day.
Timothy Archer: Yes, Tim, I mean, obviously, we can't forecast changes in U.S. trade policy with respect to China that we don't know about. And so, we're basically giving you our best view of what we think our China business will be through the rest of the year and recognizing that there could be changes that we don't foresee. And what I will say is we, obviously, we've built up what we believe is a strong government affairs team. We've plugged in to all the relevant discussions. And I think over the last couple of years, you've seen we have a pretty strong track record of working with the U .S. government, responding to export control policy, and that's just what we're trying to do going on in the future.
Timothy Archer: Tim, I think the only thing I would add there is when you think about the CSPG business a little bit longer term. I mean clearly, we commented on utilization starting to pick up, but as we move into 2025, I think we also will see significant upgrade activity coming back in, especially in the NAND space. We talked about the fact that there is a large portion of that installed base that has not yet been moved towards the technology nodes that are most useful for our customers, and so I think that will also flow through into the CSPG business in perhaps not so much this year, but clearly as we move into 2025 and beyond.
Timothy Archer: Yes, Harlan, I think that you're right. There is strong pull, and I mean, obviously, we are responding as quickly as we can to the demand. Our advanced packaging equipment this year will be over a billion dollars, and so that's kind of an important milestone for us. I don't know how to give you like that next milestone, obviously we're seeing tremendous growth and demand in this area. Our positions are strong, not only as you said in the Foundry Logic side of advanced packaging, but also as we talked specifically about our very strong positions in HBM related, what we consider packaging side of HBM. And so I think it's just an area where we'll see good long-term growth. We are investing again in this area. We've talked in the past about our work in the panel processing space, trying to look ahead to see where the packaging market is going to go to make sure that we are fully capable of taking advantage of what we see as a real long-term secular driver for semiconductors and the equipment industry.
Timothy Archer: Let me take the first part of it and then I'll let Doug talk specifically about the gross margin comment. I think it's one thing that that I think we're feeling very comfortable with which is your last question was boy there must be a lot of demand and you've got to be ramping up for that. I think as we come into this next up cycle, we feel very well positioned relative to all the things you just talked about the physical capacity, the trained workforce, the supply chain has been built up and made more resilient since the last big upturn in the industry where we saw lots of constraints. And so I think from that standpoint, we feel really good that we have executed on the operation side of the house, now we just need to start seeing the kinds of new peak volumes that will demonstrate that externally. And I'll let Doug address here gross margin question.
Timothy Archer: I mean, obviously, you've seen in just even the last few weeks quite a few announcements about the CHIPS Act grants in the U.S. I'll also note that there are similar CHIPS Act programs going on in places like Japan and obviously a little bit further out in the future in Europe and elsewhere. And so, we've always said these are more of a ‘25, ‘26, ‘27 timeframe from the equipment side, especially the shorter lead time tools like we provide. So you see the FAB coming up, a lot of construction connectivity, you see long lead time tools go in and then we know that our time will come. I mean and so I think it's still a ‘25, ‘26, ‘27 opportunity for us. But the important thing is, well, that's a lot of extra money that maybe what's really exciting about it is most of that is targeted towards truly the leading edge nodes. And one thing about Lam's story is that we have focused a lot of R&D investment to build our position in leading edge foundry logic in the next generations of DRAM and high bandwidth memory as well as of course continuing our strength in NAND. And so as we see these new fabs come up, I mean it's not only additional spending, but it's at nodes where we believe that we will actually do better from a SAM and market share perspective. And so we're patiently waiting, but we know it's going to come. You can go visit the sites. The fab buildings are there, and they're feverishly working to get them ready for equipment.
Timothy Archer: Yes, CJ. I mean, obviously one of our peers in the industry reported last week. We took a look at it and just have a view that we missed a little bit of what was shifting into China. That is the vast majority, if not all, of the change in WFE from our point of view. There are always some moving pieces. DRAM is maybe a little stronger. Trailing etch, foundry logic is probably a little bit softer. But at the end of the day, the biggest change that we saw was litho. We missed it a little bit because it's not part of our addressable market. I'm not sure I caught all of the second part of your question, CJ. Try it one more time.
Timothy Archer: Yes, I think given the mix we see in some of these technology transitions, it should be incrementally better than it was last year for sure.
Timothy Archer: I guess, CJ, you've got to just kind of look at where we've been, right. You're absolutely right, and thanks for mentioning the 46. That's sort of where gross margin was after we had done some of the Malaysia stuff and before China popped up with those smaller customers. And so the fact that we're above that level is largely customer mix. And so that's how you should be thinking about it. And if we have that mix wrong, then margin kind of, you've got a couple of data points in the last couple of quarters that you can kind of solve for to understand what it might look like. It will be in that 46 to 48 -plus percent range depending on what the mix looks like.
Timothy Archer: We're not going to give you a ‘25 forecast quite yet. It's way too early for that. It will be better though, right. I mean it's improving in demo. Yes, well I guess without giving you exact numbers, I mean clearly, we all know that the NAND spending has been incredibly weak for the last 12-18 months. And so we're in the very early stages of starting to see that recover. And I think if you look at what most of our -- we rely on our customer commentary that they make publicly for a lot of this. But they talk about the fact that maybe 90% of the bits they're shipping are at the leading etch. But when we look at the install base of our system, that was my comment. I believe that there's still going to be a large portion of the install base that will move forward to the next technology nodes. It’s the most efficient way for our customers to do that is to upgrade what they already have. And I think you'll see that move forward. And therefore, NAND and WFE move up in ‘25. But because it comes to a large degree through upgrades, Lam’s capture rate of every dollar of WFE spent will be much higher than in a greenfield capacity added. So when I think about Lam's opportunity to outperform in 2025, in NAND, I think it is obviously with high confidence because of the type of spending we would expect to be seen in 2025. And in the other market segments, it's also pretty high because of the, as I mentioned, the technology inflections that are occurring. And it's gate-all-around where we, this year we'll actually have over a billion dollars of shipments into the gate-all-around technology nodes. And obviously, as gate-all-around continues to proliferate, our tools like ALB and selective etch will do better in backside power delivery. We already talked about advanced packaging. And then, we obviously have out there in front of us also the work we're doing for dry photoresist processes for EUV. And so I just feel like there are a number of growth drivers for the company besides the one that is the most obvious, which is a NAND recovery in 2025.
Timothy Archer: Sure. Well, obviously, any time there's a material change requires a new system, it's an opportunity for Lam to provide that technology into the market, and so it's an important change. We would call it moly just because it's so hard to say molybdenum, but the change to moly has some significant device benefits, and also, I mentioned that the important thing in NAND is, I mean, it's important in every element of semiconductor devices, but it's the cost and technology, and so one thing that's sometimes lost is part of the transition to moly is also about enabling stack height reduction, so you can go to more layers and limit the stack height in a way that allows you to then have more productive and just more productive depth issue and other things. And so, I think it's an important inflection for the industry and an opportunity for Lam, and we're well positioned to win that inflection literally.
Timothy Archer: Yes, I guess I'll just come in and refer. I would be surprised if we moved back towards a customer's investing of equipment from fabs and us being able to refurbish those tools. I think you could see obviously the ebbs and flows with demand of how many new tools we ship but I think it still remains mostly as a new tool trailing etch node business for us.
Timothy Archer: Sure, Stacey. I'll take that. I was actually the one who said the comment. Yes, no problem. I just wanted to own it in case you disagree so. I think you're thinking about it exactly right. The reason upgrades are so attractive for customers is the total WFE spend is lower. That's why they upgrade the installed base. And so for my comment was specifically about Lam's outperformance relative to whatever WFE is for the industry next year. In an upgrade heavy cycle, which obviously we haven't had for the last two years in that next cycle of NAND upgrades, we're saying we would capture a higher percentage of whatever that WFE is. Now, we've said in the past that Lam's opportunity, actually, because of that much higher capture rate is not so different in terms of revenue for every bit added through an upgrade versus a greenfield. So if WFE comes down, that's why it's attractive for customers. But for Lam, we capture almost the same amount of revenue because of the much higher capture rate, and so kind of both ways.
Timothy Archer: Well, I would say, the only thing I would say is because there's been lots of questions about whether Lam's market share in defense and others, we're not quite indifferent because the power of the installed base is that, again, when the customer's preferred path is to upgrade what they already have, it means that the positions don't change. And so Lam's very strong position carries forward in that case. So agnostic from a financial perspective, but obviously our position in the industry continues to strengthen through each of those great cycles.
Timothy Archer: Yes. Let me start. I think just to address this one point about the fungibility of capacity, you're correct. Obviously, if you're looking at DDR5, I think we've made a couple of comments in the past, though. One, we're talking specifically about the additional tools that are needed to enable HBM. So that's why we talk about our electroplating and our Indian silicon etch tools, because those are added to whatever capacity you might have for DRAM. You need to add those tools to make HBM possible. And so that's what we're seeing rise by 3X this year. On the second side, when you go from conventional DRAM to HBM, our customers have talked about and the industry has talked about the much larger die size because you've had to create the real estate that's needed to add the TSVs. And so, while you may be able to translate some of the same DRAM equipment over to produce the same number of bits, you'll need more of that equipment as well. So, those are the key drivers as you're moving for additional spending growth as you move into HBM, DRAM.
Timothy Archer: Yes, I mean, I think it's, we're really just starting at gate-all-around. Our comment was a billion dollars of shipments into the gate-all-around nodes this year. And it's across all of our types of products that help enable gate-all-around smaller technology nodes. And so what we've said is that every technology node, etch in-depth intensity grows, and our SAM opportunity expands. So gate-all-around being an important node where there's need for new tools from Lam, like in our selective etch product portfolio or in our ALB product portfolio, that might not have existed to the same degree in prior nodes. And so those are the areas where we're seeing growth, as well as just growth in the rest of our advanced technology products in etch in-depth.
Timothy Archer: Yes, we're not going to give color on exactly when we're shipping just because we think that's more for our customers to talk about in terms of their expansion on those notes.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Kris, I guess I'd say a couple things. First, gross margin sometimes is a little bit better when we're selling to smaller customers. And I'm not going to pin it to any one geographic region necessarily. But in China, there are some smaller customers, and they tend to, because we have volume purchase pricing sometimes, they pay a little bit more. But it's not because of the geographic region, it's because of the size of the customer. So that's one thing to think about in my scripted remarks as well as what Tim said is we think that the China region will modulate a little bit as we go through the year. So that's part of what you need to think about. And I've been talking about this for a couple of quarters. So anyway, have that in mind when you're updating your models. Second, we've been talking I think for a couple of quarters now, maybe actually three quarters, about the need to grow R&D investment this year because of these technology changes that we see like gate-all-around, backside power, advanced packaging and so forth, dry photoresist. And we are absolutely planning on doing that. You saw that in the March quarter, R&D is a percent of total spending was the highest that I have seen here at 71% and we intend to keep investing in R&D. So independent of whatever the top line is, we are going to grow R&D investment this year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, listen, I think it's well understood right now that you got two dynamics going on relative to thinking about the different components of CSPG. First, industry utilization is starting to get somewhat better. I would definitely say it's early days for that. But the reason I specifically talked about the Spares level versus where it's been over the last couple of years is because of that. That clearly is beginning to show up in our Spares business. However, when you look at CSPG in total, we were down now because of the softness in Reliant. I also think that's pretty well understood in the industry, right. Mature node investment outside of the China region certainly is pretty soft right now. And so you have those two competing dynamics going on that's showing up in the CSPG line. If I was guessing, Tim, right now, CSPG is probably flattish this year from last year because of those two offsetting dynamics, if that helps you think about it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Harlan, I guess I just remind you what I've said in prior quarters, which is I don't want you to run ahead of that financial model we put out in 2020. That's still the right way to think about it. Now, obviously right now we've got quite favorable customer mix. I don't expect that to continue long. I don't know maybe I'm wrong about that but the benefit from Malaysia after we came to the inflationary stuff and whatnot was completely how we intend to get back to the gross margin and better than that financial model, maybe we can push a little higher. Certainly, we're not going to stop staying focused on that. But that's the way to think about it is Malaysia is still into the future, it will show up when we ramp incremental volumes and we're ready for that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Srini, it came in pretty much as we expected. I suggested last quarter that it was going to continue to remain pretty good in March. So no, that was pretty much as we expected. And I don't know like at a segment level that I've got any specific color for you relative to the China slowing a little bit in the second half. There's such a broad set of customers there that are in every segment. It's in DRAM. It's in foundry. It's in logic and it's a broad set. So when we look at that in total, I do see it somewhat weighted here to the early part of the year and it'll modulate somewhat, but nothing specific I had to share with you from a segment standpoint.
Doug Bettinger: I think it's just being responsive to the demand they see relative to the capacity that's there. And yes, I said it's the highest level since mid-last year. Although I do understand I don't know over position that the vast majority of the spending in China continues to be the indigenous Chinese customer base. But I just observed it as I was going through the numbers and knowing everybody was going to be asking about China, that was something I thought I'd just mention.
Doug Bettinger: Appreciate it. Maybe I'll give it a try. I mean, when you look at overall good demand, HBM is probably a point or two of it, although it's growing and adding to the broad market. But it's clearly requiring incremental investment of our SABRE 3D tool, our deep silicon etch tool. And I think it's something you're going to hear us talking about for many years to come. This form factor is going to continue to be important relative to AI enablement, feeding the GPU the data that it needs. Small today, but growing quite rapidly.
Doug Bettinger: I guess all I'd say, Joe, is sometimes there could be a little bit of confusion. And I felt that as I was talking to people over the last quarter. So the reason I said it was, it's actually a non-volatile device or it's got non-volatile components. And early on, because of that, we put everything into non-volatile memory. So non-volatile memory is more than NAND. This isn't an enormous number, but it's big enough that I wanted people to hear us tell you where it is and you can go think about it. And you probably know who the customer is. I'm not going to disclose it here, but it is one customer in specialty DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, no. Spacey you kind of have one customer in China DRAM. So I got to be careful talking about that. China is going to modulate through the year, all right, it's not going to stay at 42% is the statement that I made and it's going to modulate in every segment I believe in the China region.
Doug Bettinger: Unfortunately, I know the slides in primary right now states you were having some technical challenges. It's all going to modulate.
Doug Bettinger: Okay, well, Vivek, we didn't say spares would double. We said that it was a double-digit percent growth quarter-on-quarter in our spares revenue, so not doubling. But I think that in general, I mean, the way we look at that and why we made that comment, obviously it's positive for us to see spares move up. If you think, go back to our commentary previously about CSPG over the last few years. We've said spares revenue will grow year-on-year because the installed base itself grows. However, through this downturn, the cuts in fabulization were so severe that we actually saw spares revenue come down, which surprised us a bit. So maybe to your point of expectations, we knew that as soon as customers started to utilize the fabs and bring some of the tools back online, we would see spares increase. We said that would be the first sign that the end market was really starting to improve. And so the reason we called it out was that obviously it further confirms, I think, what you're hearing from our customers, which is that utilization is starting to improve. It doesn't tie to WFE because utilization, what you have, is one issue. When you choose to spend more to either upgrade technology or add capacity is a second decision. We said that is likely still more of a 2025 event on the equipment spend side. But you have to get the first indication, which is utilization improvement, spares improving, and then the rest will come.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I said flattish, Vivek, plus or minus flat, and by the way, that's not a new disclosure. We said that last quarter as well.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Brian, we're not going to talk about order backlog. But the statements we made, and you've got it right, which was for every percent that it's an AI server versus an enterprise-class server because of the eight times DRAM, much bigger logic die, the GPUs, and the 3x NAND, it's a $1 billion to $1.5 billion amount of WFE. And that's absolutely still how we see it. And but you're right, if things are underutilized, you don't need to spend nearly as much. But that's a temporary situation. Eventually, things get back to being utilized.
