Doug Bettinger: Yes. C.J., I got a little bit wrong last quarter is what I would tell you. The cash and bank deposits from some of our newer customers ended up being a little bit more than we expected. Offsetting that, to a certain extent, was the decline in back orders. So we got that part exactly right. But what I didn't give when I told you 1.5 would be the normalized level was this cash in advance deposits I think that is going to be around for a little while. And like I said, I think the majority of that will revenue during calendar year '23, clearly in the second half. I don't think a whole lot of it shows up in the June quarter, if any of it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, just to put some numbers around it, it's a few hundred million dollars, I think, as we look at revenue for the year for Lam.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean, Krish, what I said is it's a slightly second half-weighted WFE year. And by the way, I just clarify if there's any confusion about the deferred cash and advanced deposits that are sitting there, that's in the WFE number. So that's part of the second half weighting as well, just so everybody's clear about that. And then, Krish, yes, when I look at what we're doing with the cost structure and how we're sort of pivoting where we do what we do, I've been talking, I think, the second quarter about a view that we should exit the year at least a percentage point gross margin higher than where we are. I still believe that is the trajectory that we're on.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe, I'll chime in on that one. I think I heard saying last quarter that the two biggest components of CSBG are now Spares and Reliant, and that continues to be true in the most recently reported quarter. Reliant is doing extremely well with the more mature specialty note investments that we've been talking about. So that's benefiting and the utilization stuff that Tim talked about is a little bit of a headwind for Spares. So -- but they're still the two largest components to CSBG.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, I don't want to get into which segment is doing what in the first or second half. I mean memory is at a pretty low level right now. And we did say in the prepared remarks, June is even lower than March, and March was at a 10-year low in terms of our shipment and revenue anyway into that space. Hard to see a whole lot lower than we're seeing right now. I don't want to get into the parsing the little bit of growth in the second half where it comes from, but memory is at a pretty low point right now, I would say.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. I think the majority of the cost actions we've taken, certainly, I talked about $99 million of non-related severance. That's largely complete. So I think a lot of it is already kind of in the run rate. Certainly, if you look at where we're at in June, it's down again quite a good amount.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, the end markets are primarily foundry and logic, the mature nodes, Andre and logic. And I will acknowledge it's got a decent Chinese footprint to it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, I told you in March, it was at a decade long low point for us, and it's down again in June. It's -- frankly, my personal thing, it's hard to see down much more than we're describing in June, frankly. It's at a very low level.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. And I'll give it a quick response. It's hard for me to envision it being lower than it is this year. I mean, it's down 50% memory in total, right, Tim. I think had that in the scripted remarks. That's done a lot. I can't ever remember it being down that much on a year-over-year basis. You might say, hey, last year might have been a little too high or somewhat too high? Probably to -- it's -- I'm not going to get into a precise number, but it's certainly higher than it is this year, maybe not the size it was last year, though.
Doug Bettinger: I'm not going to put a number on it Atif growth when it resumes, whenever that is, and we know it will resume, likely will pivot a little bit to that factory. We've said in the past, it will ultimately be the largest factory in the network. That is still absolutely the case. So that's part of what Tim just described getting back to the financial model is we'll just have a more efficient manufacturing footprint.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Sidney. I think what I said last quarter, and I'll reiterate the same thing. We expect CSBG will be down a little bit this year, but obviously, a lot more resilient than overall WFE. No new statement relative to that outlook.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, maybe I'll come and then Tim, feel for to add on. Normally, the way this works, Sydney, the first thing I'd say is I cannot remember utilization being as low as it is right now. Usually, the fabs keep running, right, and other stuff gets adjusted. But right now, utilization is obviously down. The first thing the industry would do to get output growing again will be to move that utilization back up. That will benefit our spares business and probably a little bit of the upgrades, maybe a little bit. The next thing they will do is convert the installed base, which when that happens, the industry gets fairly cost-efficient output, and we get a disproportionate amount of that spending when it's in Memory, obviously because we tend to be the bottleneck tools. We get that upgrade business first, and then WFE comes back. So you got to think of that progression showing up in that order. We will benefit first in CSBG before you'll see it in WFE.
Doug Bettinger: I think it's probably down a little bit in the June quarter from a percentage standpoint, although don't hold me to that. We don't always get that exactly right, but I think it's probably down a little bit in June.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., I mean, I think that commentary on second half being a little bit higher, I think has something to do also with the effect that we talked about incremental weakness clearly, our June quarter has been weaker than what we probably thought as we came into the year. And so, some of that shows up in the back half, I think it is a case of customers continue to make pretty aggressive adjustments, both the utilization of tools as well as overall spending. That's what we're seeing here in the first half. We also talked about the fact that with the some clarification on the time restrictions, there would be additional shipments that occur through China in the second half that weren't originally anticipated. So that does help us with WFE in the second half as well.
Tim Archer: Well, I believe that there is real demand. I mean every region, I think, is trying to build up a regional capability to manufacture all types of semiconductors. And as you just said, I mean, in China, this is one area that they have the ability to create that capability and also they have the demand to consume it as well. And so I think from that standpoint, it's good demand for us and for others in the industry. But I think in a bigger sense, this regional self -- call it self-sufficiency or regional resilience that's being built, I think, is going to have a long-term impact on spending in the industry. And so we're not trying to sort of play the game of is it or is it not sustainable? We're talking to our customers, and in some cases, these are new projects that are coming up. We do our own assessment of whether or not they will be able to invest if they have the technology. And I think that with not only U.S. chipset, but recent news on the European chipset, I think that this is something that it's going to have a positive impact on spending to the industry across both leading-edge and these trailing and specialty ecology segments for quite some time.
Tim Archer: It's exactly the same as what was issued in the October 7 rules in terms of technology limits. We want to be very clear on Lam staying compliant with the restrictions. And so, at the time we had given the guidance for the year, we said $2 billion to $2.5 billion of impact. We knew we were looking for clarification on how to determine whether some shipments that were in there could be made. That's why there was a range. And so now with that clarification on how you determine what can and can't ship, we've added those tools back into our forecast the year. But if you look at the rules that are there, it's exactly what was printed on October 7.
Tim Archer: It's a good question because I guess the point is we have a very strong position in ALD across a number of different types of films. And what I tried to speak to is there are specifically new types of challenges to introduce. And in the end, customers select tools based on the film performance, the deposition capabilities, the tool productivity reliability and manufacturing, lots of different factors. And I think these are areas that just over the years, Lam has excelled, and we -- I think we can in ALD as well. Thanks, Krish.
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a crack at the utilization. I mean, obviously, you've heard a lot within the memory industry about utilization cuts and even some throughout the different segments of the markets. That clearly hits our spares and services business as customers look to save money in the near term, the idle tools. They also burn off some of the inventory they might have built up over the last couple of years. And so that's clearly showing up in CSBG. Eventually, that runs its course, and our expectation is that there's going to be -- especially on the memory side, you'll start to see CSBG revenues improve likely long before you start to see us talk about much higher WFE. And that's because customers will start to bring those tools back online, and you'll see CSBG revenues increasing. You'll then also see customers start to do some of the technology upgrades that they've been kind of holding off on doing in the installed base that will also show up in our CSBG revenue. And then finally, we will ultimately see increases in WFE for capacity additions. And so, I think that's where we'll see continuous improvement in CSBG. We're not going to cure a time frame on it, but it is it is causing us to be a bit low now. And I think we'll get back to that point when we say CSBG is a business we think grows kind of year-on-year, just not this year with utilization cuts.
Tim Archer: Yes. Harlan, I think we're seeing -- we're obviously seeing a combination of both. I mean share gains, and it's not isolated to any one customer when I dedicated a lot of my prepared remarks to was the progress we're making, expanding our SAM and our product portfolio primarily focused on foundry logic. We recognize and we've said that this is an area that we've been under-indexed, which means that it's an area of significant growth opportunity for the Company. And you see just a number of new products we've introduced whether it'd be through the EUV inflection or it's the gate-all-around inflection. And so it's SAM expansion driving our growth, and it's also share gains within that expanded SAM. And it's across all foundry and logic customers had some element of both.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, yes, what I announced -- sorry, if you missed it, was the last year, we had announced on memory customer who adopted some elements of dry resist this technology solution. In March, a second memory customer did as well. And then more recently, a large foundry logic customer has chosen to adopt the resist deposition drive development as well as the underlayer processes. And -- so those are -- that's a really nice expansion across both memory, which is obviously DRAM using EUV, memory and foundry logic. And I think it sets us up well for continued momentum. Customers, look, everybody knows that EUV adoption is growing. And as I commented, it's becoming more challenging as people look for better productivity. They look for better technology capability within the resist. And I think that these are trends that are setting up well for us. I mentioned we'll be revenuing some tools starting this year, so that's a very nice milestone for us. And then I just would point you back, we have sized this at approximately $1.5 billion in revenue over a five-year time frame. And I think as adoption continues to grow the size of the subrogate and continue to grow for Lam.
Tim Archer: Yes. I guess I could say that in 2022, you might recall, we gave you the 2023 outlook about a quarter early.
Tim Archer: I think three quarters early might be a little early for '24. So I don't think we're going to give WFE for '24. But what I'd point to is that, as I just said, you look at from we signaled last -- in the September quarter call, the $23 million would be down in WFE. I think we wanted the first to do so is because we saw this decline in memory, we're already -- our revenue from December 22 to the June guide we just gave down 40%. So we're well into this cycle. And just as I laid out, I think we're going to see as we move through the remainder of this year and into next year, utilizations eventually come back, technology conversion start to occur. And then finally, WFE starts to tick back up. The great thing about the cost cuts that Doug talked about is we put ourselves in a position that we don't feel we have to be able to call the exact quarter when that's going to happen. But we think we're well into it and operating the Company well at these levels and with some upside to come.
Tim Archer: So Vivek, I'd also just add to that. I spent a lot of time talking about the work we're doing to broaden our product portfolio and expand really Lam strength beyond memory into some of the fast-growing inflections that are occurring elsewhere. I think this quarter was nearly 70% of our OpEx spend in R&D. And so we're absolutely committed to supporting technology road maps to grow this company. And so we're watching that. Obviously, if we see further deterioration, I think you can count on us to manage this business prudently. But at this point, we want to also be prepared for when the market does come back, and we know it will come back that we are prepared to support our customers with the engineering capabilities and the new products and all the technologies that they're going to want to buy at that time. So we're really working that balance and that's what you see in our spending levels right now.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, there's a very large overlap is what I would say. And I said the majority of that cash and advance payment will revenue in the second half. I didn't say all. I said the majority. And then the other thing I said a moment ago, the incremental clarification we got from China was a few hundred million dollars. So you got to think through where I left.
Tim Archer: I'd just add. I mean my comment, Stacy, I was just going to add that the fact that in many cases, the -- we see customers even delaying technology upgrades in order to, one, not necessarily make the investment, but also not add further bits into the market. That's a pretty rare case. I mean technology investments usually proceed because that's the path to lower cost and better capabilities. So I would agree if that's come out. It feels like we're about its lowest -- and that may be coming below maintenance levels I think here. So that's our view on memory.
Tim Archer: Let me take a shot and Doug can clean up as needed. I think the question about gross margin. We're not backing off on the financial models we put out in the past. And as you pointed out, we were getting big close to operating there while Malaysia was still a headwind. And so obviously, it will require a combination of some increased volumes. We've done a tremendous work to transfer a lot of our volume into lower-cost regions, really get a much more efficient supply chain. The COVID period was a real setback as you, again, sourced and grew in every possible location. But I think over the next period of time. And I hate to put a time frame on it again, to give a 24 outlook. But if we exit this year with the incremental improvement of 100 basis points, as Doug talked about or more and we have further volume and contribution coming through our new Asia facilities. I think that will drive right back towards those goals that we set back in 2020, which was in kind of that 47%, 48% gross margin range.
Tim Archer: Well, I would say we haven't seen outsized growth. I think that I could attribute directly to generate AI at this point. But clearly, Lam has been a strong player in advanced packaging. And we continue to make investments in that area to expand our product portfolio and not only on a wafer basis, but also different formats as well to make sure we're prepared for whatever the future might be in advance packaging.
Tim Archer: Yes, I don't think we're going to comment about any specific customers, but I did make the comment that we see incremental weakness, I said, primarily from memory. And then I said we saw incremental strength in mature nodes. So obviously, primarily from memory, implies there's additional weakness elsewhere. So, I think leading edge foundry is a bit weaker. Obviously, our exposure and our insight into that market is a little bit less than it is in memory, but we are seeing some weakness there as well.
Tim Archer: Well, obviously, it's -- this is where we get a little bit stuck around the challenge of trying to forecast WFE for the industry. Obviously, we don't have product insight into every element of WFE, including tool lead times and demand in different markets. So we try to give you our best view. But I think if you sort of translate this to what really matters to us in running the Company, we've talked about the fact that we see -- assuming -- we see at some point memory coming back in terms of utilization starting to tick up at some point, but that's in the second half or it's fun four, we'll see. Technology conversions in memory will be extremely good for Lam from the standpoint of how much we capture of every dollar of spending on technology conversions. We talked about strength in mature node logic foundry, where Doug talked about these advanced payments, and we also talked about some trailing-edge shipments to China that we can now make after clarification of the rules. So all those things kind of contribute to how we think about Lam in second half. Then we try to translate that to an industry WFE, but I don't think we can spend a lot of time trying to dissect all of that low to mid $70 billion for you with great accuracy.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's difficult to put a time frame between -- I think what you're asking is when it starts to when you start to see WFE investments. I think that depends on the shape of that recovery, which, again, we are confident that we'll be probably the first and greatest beneficiary of recovery. And we'll see what the shape of the recovery looks like once we have a better in demand.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think as we've described, clearly, technology conversions occur first since that's the most capital efficient way for customers to not only add some additional bids but also to get better cost structure. So clearly, capital -- technology additions will come before capacity additions.
