Martin Anstice: I think when we look at the totality of our industry and while it is true we have a consolidated industry and that means looking at 5 to 10 companies, everybody does have a slightly different story, and as an equipment company, our profile of business with any one customer is slightly different than others, and as many people have written, in fact the negative commentary from Intel from a cadence perspective obviously doesn't impact us as much as it does possibly for others. But we look kind of holistically here at the full spectrum of technology inflections and still feel very positive around medium-term and long-term business opportunities, and logic is in the mix and traditional shrink is in the mix, but there are many other market inflection opportunities for the Company and that's kind of what we're investing for and that's what we're trying to describe in terms of outperformance opportunity for the Company. So it takes all customers, all segments, all inflections and it's a lot of opportunity from my perspective to be innovative and creative, solving and contributing to the success of our customers long-term.
Martin Anstice: I mean let's not be confused, the outperformance commentary of the Company is not a commentary of being weak in places, so they are cutting investment. It is a fundamental commentary on deposition and etch and to some extent clean intensive technology inflections, which is creating a rather unique opportunity for our Company in our industry to grow and outperform, and the commentary that we've articulated today is a little stronger than we did a couple of weeks ago relative to revenues because as I hope all noticed, we said, we're now expecting revenues in the second half slightly stronger than the first half as opposed to kind of roughly balanced, and if we execute to that plan, we will be delivering our third straight year of 20% revenue growth in the Company, which is a tremendous commentary on fundamental growth opportunities that we think have traction for several years yet.
Martin Anstice: 1 don't know that I can answer that specifically for the year, Krish, but we have kind of characterized from the beginning of this inflection story roughly a two third-one third profile in favor of SAM expansion. So the market share story is indeed a meaningful component but it is the smaller of the two. And as a side note, we did recently increase our expectations to share growth in etch from the original 3% to 5% target to the 4% to 8% level.
Martin Anstice: And just to supplement, we talked a lot about the focus on long-term growth, today's inflections, tomorrow's inflections, and the team has done a really nice job getting the proportion of operating expenses that's focused on R&D above the 60% level, and we've kind of repeated that again this quarter. And again to supplement Doug's point, the guidance today kind of really answers your question because today's guidance September over June is a 13% expansion of EPS on an 8% expansion of revenue's midpoint. So we're really focused on leverage and profitable growth not just market share and revenue growth. So we know the game.
Martin Anstice: I think we have a pretty good presence through each of the inflections in the segment as you know and with the recent disclosure, despite comments on this call, the recent disclosure in press release about our progress with the North America logic company, we feel pretty good about participating broadly in the spending habits of our customers. To your point, the view of the world today is not so very different in many respects to the view we had at the beginning of the year. We expected DRAM to be first half biased and it still looks that way, and we expected NAND to be second half biased and it's kind of picked up, and we expected kind of foundry logic to be neutral to maybe slightly stronger in the first half as well. So running this Company in this industry, all of that is relevant and certainly notable but we're much more invested in investing with a medium-term, kind of longer-term horizon for obvious reasons. $3 billion SAM expansion opportunity is very important for us to stay focused on executing.
Martin Anstice: To be very direct, Patrick, it's all about value you can provide to the customer. If you can't provide much value to the customer, then you're not going to make much money selling it. So it's all about finding ways to understand their challenges and issues and support them as well as we can and we've got a lot of people invested in that agenda.
Martin Anstice: And this is maybe an important point relative to the philosophy of the Company, our most important vision objective is to focus on customer trust, which means in all respects, and we have to be cognizant of the distribution profit to the supply chain, we have to target a profitability level that we think is going to support the sustainable growth ambition of the Company, and so the model that we've articulated historically has been a baseline and I think although we didn't report a gross margin percentage in the long-term model the other day, Doug described the fact that more or less the headline for gross margins was the same today as it was a year or so ago.
Martin Anstice: So you kind of gave me the answer in your question when you said you're probably not going to give guidance, and I'm definitely not, but to help you kind of triangulate, I mean some part of what will be our profile, and I have no idea if our profile is going to be the same or different than other equipment company, it's all a by-product of how you're participating and what your September is going to look like in terms of sequentials. Some part of December message we communicated is a by-product of what I think will prove to be relative strength of our Company in the September quarter. I think some part of the commentary is simply a statement of this new variability challenge we described in our Analyst Meeting. In a consolidated semiconductor industry, just in context, the top five spenders are going to represent let's say 70% of wafer fabrication equipment: spending. If you're a $6 billion company, which is kind of what we're run rating to right now, that means in any one quarter the average spending from one of those top five customers is $0.25 billion. So all it takes is an adjustment from one guy and you spring into the types of numbers that you talked about. Our focus is kind of obviously flexibility of business model to deal with that variability as well as we can but not to compromise the focus on long-term growth in the Company. So we've done our best to absorb the rumor and the substance of kind of industry tone in the last couple of weeks and obviously we spend a lot of time directly with customers trying to learn as much as we can and that's reflected in the guidance that we have given you.
Martin Anstice: I'm going to respectfully contain my comments on December quarter shipments which seem a long way away from our seat at this point in time to the answer I just gave to Tim's question, but certainly relative to revenues the message from the Company is very clear I hope. We expect slightly stronger revenues in the second half of this year than the first half of this year, and if we executed our plan, this will be our third consecutive year of 20% growth which I think is a remarkable commentary on the substance of the technology inflection growth opportunities we've described to you now.
Martin Anstice: West Twigg, you are very optimistic today with your question. So I'll do my best here and I think it's more qualitative than quantitative. As we said in the Analyst Event, we are still biased to an expansion of wafer fabrication equipment spending in calendar 2016 over 2015, and frankly a big part of that is influenced by the SAM expansion conversation that we have most knowledge of. So asking any equipment company to really applying with substance on WFE is a bit of a stretch because none of us sell product into every single segment of the industry, so we're always kind of imputing a WFE headline. But I would say, the demand message holistically looks pretty descent I would expect and I see unit number next year that's probably a little higher than this year. I think that to the extent there are kind of inventory – I don't know if I would describe them as issues right now because I think it's pretty modest but there are certainly some evidence of minor industry corrections kind of playing out in the second half of the year. I think we go into next year with really good supply/demand balance in all segments of the industry. Next year is a very important year relative to transitioning from first phase investments and for some maybe second but primarily first phase investments in next-generation technology, and so the technology inflections of 3D NAND and FinFET transistor for example are really just beginning to get traction as device relevant. So I look at the demand statement and I feel reasonably good about all of it. And then obviously I think there's maybe four fabs coming online in the first half of next year, three of them I think are foundry logic and one is memory. So it's very clear that the customer is committed to the medium and long-term inflections and they are very disciplined around their execution. So even in a world like DRAM for example where perhaps as a by-product of ASPs in the last three months, there's some level of anxiety, it's a superefficient conversion and it is a conversion that has business subsets, it's a better performing DRAM at lower cost. And so at the end of the day it's all about the customer's ability to pay for that and if they can afford to do the upgrade then I think you see it executed. So I don't know if I would call out any one segment right now, I feel like there's legs in all three of them as we describe them, and we will see how the next kind of six months plays out before we get quantitative.
Martin Anstice: I think in terms of timing, I'd refer you back to the slide that I presented in the Analyst Meeting, kind of not so much more to add there but the substance of 10 nanometer we think emerges next year and continues through 2017 with 7 nanometer investments playing out in the 2018 timeframe. So there's more details in the Analyst slide deck for you to take a look at. In terms of how we would expect the 10 nanometer investment to compare and contrast, I don't know that anybody can really answer that question today and I'm repetitively exposed to a broad diverse set of opinions. My personal opinion is that 16 nanometer and 14 nanometer is obviously important nodes as first FinFET but I have the impression that the fabless community have expectations of performance and cost benefits in relative terms with 10 nanometer that will be greater than they realized in the 20 nanometer and 16 nanometer, 14 nanometer space, and when I read what I read from the foundries, that seems to be consistent with what they are describing as a business objective as well. So, I would expect 10-nanometer to be a very robust technology node for the industry. In our models, as a point of reference we try to assess risk in our long-term models or opportunity in our long-term models. I think by the time we get to calendar 2018 in the logic and foundry combined, we've assumed about 150,000 wafer starts of 10-nanometer capacity.
Martin Anstice: That's it. By the time we get to the end of 2018, and I should have said foundry only, sorry, foundry only about 150,000 wafer starts by the end of 2018, that's our assumption in our [indiscernible].
Martin Anstice: Just to put the backlog statement in context, the reason Doug said what he said is the same reason that about seven or eight years ago Lam Research guys were not reporting bookings anymore. It gives a very misleading commentary on the ebbs and flows of the industry. And so when you take that input and then you take the very short-term nature and the cycle time compression that exist in the industry, the backlog for any of our companies today is much less a commentary on the future of the industry than ever before. So that's why it is only an annual disclosure that shows up in the 10-K filing.
Martin Anstice: I'll give you a little color. It's going to be strong 3D NAND. DRAM is probably down a little bit. Everything else I think is pretty steady, plus or minus.
Martin Anstice: As you might expect, we're driving this conversation really hard but as you might also expect our customers drive the very same coefficient really hard relative to us contributing to their long-term success. So frankly speaking, the gross margin conversation does not exist in isolation, at least as we run our Company. We are very focused on trying to get the balance right, we feel like we've got a tremendous growth opportunity that can be executed in the context of the models that we presented, and for us to execute that and have sustainability it means we have to respond and respect to the long-term interest of our customers and other companies may choose different strategies and they may have different growth and profitable growth profiles as a result of that, ours I hope is very clear.
Martin Anstice: That's a good try, Romit. I would say our objective is to grow faster than the industry. We have an outperformance objective. We've talked about trying to grow twice as fast as the industry and we've been able to demonstrate an ability to do that. I think that's the more definitive objective for the Company, and if WFE kind of goes up and it coincides with 20%, that's great.
Martin Anstice: More or less the same number today, Romit, as before. Our expectation is, by the end of this year we've done about a third of the conversion to 20-nanometer done. So if the industry continues at the pace of calendar 2015 from a conversion point of view, it's another 18 months to two years before you're done and that's without one X and one Y and maybe even one Z in the roadmap of our customers. So as I said in the Analyst Meeting, we've got kind of two to three nodes after the 20-nanometer technology node in the roadmaps of customers as we understand them today. So I think there's decent sustainability here. At the end of the day, as has been demonstrated many times in this industry, it's all about ability to pay and if the ASP environment puts too much pressure on profitability then obviously it's tough for folks to spend money on converting even if there's business substance to that investment.
Martin Anstice: I mean in the timeframe of right now, the selection decisions that are being made by the industry in logic, for example 10 nanometer selection decisions, now there are some a little bit left of that and then maybe even some a little bit right of that from a kind of early-stage selection perspective, but it would be irresponsible for me to say it's all in the bank because in this industry we should constantly have respect for the competency and capability of our competition, everybody that survived this long is good, and we should recognize that we have to work hard every single day to continue to realize the opportunity that we've described. But I do feel like if we continue to execute in this Company and meet the commitments that we've made to customers, then in large parts the inflection story absolutely is as much in our control if not more in our control than anybody else. So 'in the bank' too strong a word but I think we've got good track records, we've employed the right strategy and you've heard me talk a lot in this call about supporting beliefs of customers, I think the instinct and the philosophy that we employ in the business on a day to day basis makes this story sustainable.
Martin Anstice: I mean from an industry perspective, the wafer fabrication equipment spending kind of the 2014 compared to 2015 under the assumptions we described in this meeting, DRAM and NAND both increased year-over-year and the increase is slightly greater I would say in DRAM than NAND Flash actually. I'm sorry, I said that back to front. So for the Company, we obviously have communicated to you a really important message in terms of a sound expansion for 3D NAND and that means in relative terms the story for the Company is going to be positive around the 3D NAND transition which is heavily deposition and to some extent also etch intensive. So you got to see a stronger story for the Company in NAND because of that, but our outlook is both segments spent more money this year than last year and we see obviously a very meaningful inflection expansion for NAND next year and we believe consistent with the answer to last question that there's sustainability to the DRAM investment as well.
Martin Anstice: I mean it's appropriate that you should make a connection between the multi-patterning growth opportunities for the Company in DRAM because multi-patterning shows up in DRAM as well as logic. I think the relationship in our assumptions next year is probably two-thirds logic one-third DRAM in terms of multi-patterning SAM. So there's definitely a consequence. If there was a scenario where DRAM spending did not play out, there is some level of consequence into the multi-patterning opportunity but the majority in the two-thirds I think if my memory serves me correct is logic based anyway.
Doug Bettinger: Krish, a lot of it is going to come from revenue growth. Having said that though, we're not going to grow spending as quickly as we believe revenue growth will grow which is how you get from kind of where we are today at call it 22%, up to the 24% or so over the next several years. So there's leverage in the model, little bit in gross margin probably and in the spending line.
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, what we're really trying to do more than anything is set that part of the business to grow faster than just the growth rate of the installed base. As you know, the profitability of this part of the business is pretty good. It requires some direct investment, not a lot. But really what we're doing is, innovating the business model, innovating in how we're delivering value to customers so that we can grow the top line and the bottom line falls through just as the top line grows.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, when I look at operating margin at least, we've delivered nice upside. We've gone from high teens a year ago into low 20s, right, so even though gross margin is kind of been level a little bit. The reason gross margin to level is, as we've talked about in the past, we've got more new tools coming out in the last 12 months than we ever had in the history of the Company, and in the first couple of quarters that new equipment is shipping. You don't have your cost as low as it's going to get and as you mature those tools and get them released into the high-volume environment, costs come down and margin gets better. That's really what is going on the gross margin line.
Doug Bettinger: It's Doug. We spend a lot of time working with customers on all of their next-generation technologies and aspirations. I'm not going to answer a question about any specific customer except to say we're very well integrated with everybody in the industry.
Doug Bettinger: C.J., I'm not going to give you bookings. I did that a quarter or so ago just kind of as a one-off thing.
Doug Bettinger: So then your second question on spending, it will come down, probably a little bit above the quarter that we just announced but pretty close I think.
Doug Bettinger: I mean right now I'm pretty comfortable with the balance sheet as it's at. We just a quarter ago raised $1 billion in debt. I feel very good about the cash we have in terms of funding what we need. So I don't see doing anything in the near term beyond what's there because we've got what we need. In terms of onshore/offshore cash, a little less than half of the cash today on the balance sheet is onshore and obviously a little more than half is offshore.
