Tim Archer: No, I think that’s – the comment is we, at this point, see us ending the year below what Lam has said about the long-term sustainable demand growth rates. So I think that, it’s why we’re pretty optimistic about the setup exiting 2019.
Tim Archer: But I think if the question was the percentage of high aspect ratio applications where Lam’s position is very strong, it’s increasing node by node. And that’s just based on the fact that it takes longer in general to complete those etches. And that’s, obviously, our task to make those continuously faster. But it is increasing at each technology node.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think internally in the company, I don’t think your thinking is too far off. And we look at the most important measures of success for us this year. And it’s how we’re doing on the applications that we want to make sure that we own when the spending does pick up. And as long as we’re doing that, then the precise timing of when spending comes back in NAND is less important to us. So it’s really our focus.
Tim Archer: I think if we – taking all those things into account you just said, I would think that we feel that our SAM actually underperforms to be a few this year. And that’s primarily because of the heavy concentration of our SAM in 3D NAND as you know. And so I think that should be the expectation if the year plays out as we have described, which is no material increase in 3D NAND or NAND spending through the year.
Tim Archer: I think there is a few things, and I will let Doug jump in here with his comments as well. But when you look at ASML’s comments and as best we understand them kind of talking about the recovery in DRAM in the second half of the year, that’s not necessarily inconsistent with us exiting the year with a better setup for the first half. And I think that you have to think about the way the tools come in into new – into fabs and new projects. Our experiences that litho and metrology tools usually lead etch and deposition tools sometimes by as much as a quarter or so. So that made those statements maybe not inconsistent, and that’s kind of why we’re thinking about it. I mean, I guess, our view, everybody in this environment will have a slightly different view in spending to come back. But we’re wanting to state at this point that our best view from conversations with customers is no material increase in memory spending throughout 2019.
Tim Archer: Well, I guess, I’ll try to cover some of that in my opening remarks. But clearly, we feel very good about our installed base business on two dimensions. One, the strengths of Lam’s business over the last several years has caused our overall installed base to grow. So there is more tools for which we can sell things. And two, we’ve been investing in that business to create new products and services. Some in the areas of vis-à-vis the data economy, using data to make our tools more productive for customers. And those products and services are getting traction, and this will be another strong year for CSBG for our installed base business. So that’s a focus of mine, and I think it provides a very important revenue stream for the company long-term.
Tim Archer: Well, I guess – yes, so you recall the billion-dollar number. I mean, as I mentioned, we’re on – we feel we are on track for that trajectory. At the Investor Day, we said that the installed base business was approximately 25% of our total revenue. And so, I guess, with that information, you kind of healthy growth rate. It’s a business that is definitely growing. Our objective is to have the installed base business itself grow faster than the rate of growth at the installed base. And now again, we provide information this year with the installed base growing from approximately 50,000 chambers to an ending – year ending 56,000 chambers at the end of last year. So maybe with those, you can triangulate the numbers. We can also maybe do it for you and get back to you.
Tim Archer: I think one important point since we’re talking about installed base business. I just mentioned, I think it can sometimes get lost in terms of how we are driving this business faster than the installed base itself is growing. And it all comes down to investing in the creation of new products and services. Things that help the customer relocate tools for new applications, extend the technology for those toolsets the new applications, higher productivity, higher throughput from owned assets. And as we’ve seen in many ways, the lagging node business gets stronger and more heavily utilized. We find a lot of installed base business for tools that have been around and out in the field for quite a number of years. We have just lot of interest in getting new products and services for that fleet. So it’s a pretty attractive business.
Tim Archer: Yes. And actually, these technology nodes also create new opportunities for films. I mean I spoke a little bit about our effort in atomic layer deposition. As you step from 1x to 1y to 1z, there are new applications being created for atomic layer deposition for instance that wouldn’t have existed in prior nodes. And so we’re looking at it both from growth in our existing applications as well as our ability to win new ones also.
Tim Archer: Yes. Actually, we did say that we saw 2018 was going to come in at about a $5 billion range. I think when all is said and done, it may have come in a little bit lower than that but pretty close. We actually see 2019 shaping up to be a bit stronger. And if we look actually at the SAM and share position that we hold where the money will be spent this year NAND’s China domestic business should be up.
Tim Archer: Yes, I had a very small comment in my opening remarks about the fact that we believe we have seen some demand elasticity at the end of last year and it was primarily driven by an uptick that we’ve seen in the adoption rate of SSDs into client. And there was some data to show the percentage of laptops or client devices with the SSD in the lower price ranges had a material uptick. And so it’s just one data point, but we do think that as prices have come down we’re starting to see increased demand.
Tim Archer: Both for us without doubt. Our SAM position if you think may be just the world we’ve gone through, the transition from 2D to 3D NAND, we had a very meaningful increase in the intensity of etch and deposition in that space. And when you think about also end-demand, we see NAND outpacing all other markets. And so that’s why when I talk about our focus on applications that we want to hold continuously in that critical space in the NAND area. Now, of course, we want to do well in all markets, but NAND is our biggest opportunity going forward and in the long term.
Tim Archer: No, I think that’s fair obviously it’s heavily driven by the ratio of node conversions to greenfield ads. On a greenfield basis, last year I showed a chart that described our increase in opportunity at 96-Layer and fundamentally on a greenfield basis, it’s significantly higher as you go to 96. So the dynamic of the conversion versus greenfield ads that’s Doug speaking to.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. I don’t have specific numbers for you except what we describe, which is as we go through the year, it’s going to decline as customers adjust their spending level.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim. We haven’t given hard numbers on that. But as I think as customers invest in conversions, they spend less money but they spend more as a percentage on etch and deposition. We describe that consistently in the past, and that’s very much what we see happening this year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I think I’ve described it, Tim, in the past. It’s going to bounce around $100 million quarter-on-quarter. I think some quarters, it will be down as you’re seeing now. Some quarters, I think, it will also be up. I don’t know that it meaningfully changes from the level where it’s at right now. But it will very depend on the percentage of new tools we’re shipping, how strong the business with certain customers is, certain regions of the world is little bit different. I don’t view it as going to zero at any point, Tim. But it will bounce around plus or minus $100 million, it is how I would be thinking about it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I’m not guiding shipments anymore, Tim. What I said was it will be plus or minus $100 million quarter-by-quarter. Some quarters will be down. Some quarters will be up. It’s all just timing, quite honestly.
Doug Bettinger: I always say, John, there’s a variety of different things that impact gross margin. I usually mentioned three things. Overall business volume is a component. But as I think, we have a highly variable cost structure. This isn’t a big fixed cost business. This isn’t like our customers. We’re highly variable in our cost. Tool mix is important. Not all of our tools have the same gross margin. And sometimes, that mix will be beneficial sequentially. Sometimes, it will be negative. And then customer concentration, when you get the bigger customer spending more or it’s that more concentrated customers, you might have a little bit of margin headwinds. All of those things are important to think about relative to the trend in gross margin, and all of those are relevant to the comment I had about March being a low point.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I don’t have anything to really add, Krish. I think as Tim said, litho usually leads our stuff. And we’ll tell you what we’re seeing right now. We could have it wrong. But when we parsed what we heard from ASML, I didn’t really feel inconsistent to us.
Doug Bettinger: Well. It’s a tough question. I mean I think that actually, when they’re going to spend is a question better asked to them. I mean, exactly what metrics they’re looking at. I guess, if we look at which of the two, NAND or DRAM might recover earlier, I mean I guess, if we look back, we saw NAND correction starting earlier in 2018 than DRAM did. And so we’re – I guess, at the end of the day, it’s all about demand. But we see both of them tracking as we get to the end of the year, well below what we think are the long-term demand growth bit rates. So either one could recover. Neither one could recover. I mean that’s – it’s not a great view, but we think that in both cases, the market sets up for investment in either one as we exit the year.
Doug Bettinger: Well, what I would tell you, my personal view, Krish. It will recover at some point. That I know for sure. And the trend we see relative to spending in the year that we just described suggests to what Tim and I that they’re going to need to invest relative to long-term bit demand. We just don’t necessarily see it happening in 2019 quite yet, at least not in a meaningful way.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Harlan, what I tried to described in my remarks is first half of 2019 now looks weaker than it previously did. And I’m not going to give quantification of it because then I’d essentially be guiding you for two quarters. We’re going to get back to our normal practice of guiding one quarter at a time. But given the well-understood weakness of smartphones and inventory adjustments in some of our customers as well as the cloud guys, it’s somewhat weaker than it was when we describe it last time.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I guess, we haven’t really accomplished our objective very well, Joe. We’ve been talking a lot more about it more recently than we have. We’re providing you with tools kind of the installed base on a consistent basis and I will try to make it easy to understand everything we talked about in the past. Relative to segment reporting, we’re not going to do that. We don’t need too, because we’re not tripping the roles up there. And from a competitive standpoint, we don’t necessarily want to have an out quite as visible unless we have to. But it is a meaningful part of how we generate profit. It’s a meaningful part of how we generate cash for sure. And we’re trying to talk more about it, so you understand it. I mean, Tim talked quite a bit about it. So we’ll keep trying to do a better job, Joe.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, it’s a good question, Joe. I haven’t communicated specific numbers. We need a certain amount of cash. We like to be able to fund a certain amount of R&D and CapEx and so forth. We’re carrying more cash today than we need to run the company. What we decide to do relative to that, I think, we’ll evolve over time. But I don’t have a hard and fast number that I’m going to share with you necessarily. We certainly could have more debt on the balance sheet know if we chose to do that. And the pace of the buyback, I think we’re going to be opportunistic. I’m not going to communicate a timeframe and I will let you know quarter-by-quarter on how we’re thinking about it and what we’re doing.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Patrick, how I think about it and Tim described it the way I think about it, which is on a normalized rate, it’s been about 25% of the company’s business. If you recall back at the Investor Day, Tim described three growth vectors, each about the same size. So if you think about installed base, it’s a third of the growth and normalized at 25% of the business, so you can triangulate that way relative to the growth at that. It will grow faster than the installed base for sure. Now in the year like 2019, if it shapes up the way perhaps, it’s going to with WFE down as much. It will be more than 25%, obviously.
Doug Bettinger: Our SAM continues to grow as we step through that. That’s all about self-aligned patterning and that is very etch and deposition SAM, Patrick.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. We’re not going to provide segment level color on the quarterly guide except we gave a little color on how we see WFE setting up in that [indiscernible] like, which is foundry logic is first half weighted. Memory, probably a little bit stronger than the second half.
Doug Bettinger: Just, add-on from me Tom, independent of where things are at in 2019, I’m extraordinarily optimistic on the opportunity for both NAND as well as DRAM going forward. Again, Tim alluded to the data economy. We talked about that extensively at the Investor Day. All of that stuff is still completely intact. It doesn’t mean it will happen every single year, it won’t. But data is exploding in society. It is not useful unless you can store it and you need a low latency memory to do anything in computer architectures. Memory is critically enabling for all of that and none of that has changed.
Doug Bettinger: Well simple answer is no. They cannot offset the magnitude of decline that we see this year. But the other aspect that is one of timing. Typically, the types of applications and wins I was speaking to, we focus on critical application wins, usually one to two nodes before that node ever ends up ramping. And so in the majority of those cases those would be entering production sometime next year or the following either. And that’s why the start of like – those are the applications once you win it you kind of know that your businesses is pretty well locked in for the foreseeable future.
Doug Bettinger: It’s fairly well balanced. Quinn, I mean, memory is probably somewhat stronger than foundry logic, but there’s a broad base set of customers that are spending it’s not just one or two.
Doug Bettinger: No, it was a statement Sidney around WFE. I didn’t say anything relative to Lams revenue. It was a statement on WFE.
Doug Bettinger: Well, we haven’t, so far Sidney in the past, given you any color on the full year of 2019 this is first time we’re making statements on the full year or so I’m not sure I can’t even say anything about trajectory what we thought before because we hadn’t done all the full analytic work that we’ve now have done on 2019.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I’m not going to guide it beyond the current quarter Sidney, everything else equal, flattish to maybe slightly down if you just take the one week out, but we’ll give you the hard guidance when we get to earnings in the quarter.
Doug Bettinger: If you do a greenfield-to-greenfield wafer, our capital intensity goes up, you’ve got a longer process flow, you’ve more tools and the process flow goes up. I don’t think we’ve quantified it. The good part for our business is when you do that conversion, all you’re really adding is etch and deposition equipment, you’re making the stack bigger and the etch becomes a little bit more challenging to do and so it takes longer.
Doug Bettinger: From a timing standpoint, no, I mean we always had expected 2019 would be a 1Y investment year in DRAM with the, the beginning of 1Z and the investments in NAND would be on 96 layer devices and that’s totally what we’re saying and again, it’s primarily focused on conversions right now.
