Tim Archer: So Harlan, I’ll start that and let Doug add if he wants to. As we mentioned, the December issue was primarily critical parts that you call them – I’ve called them probably subsystems, pretty large critical components that goes into our tool. But the underlying reasons for why certain suppliers are having challenges, shipping goes across the board. We talked about broadening challenges. In some cases, it’s shortages of labor that have been driven and exacerbated by COVID-driven absenteeism. In some cases, it’s chip availability. In some cases, it has been freight and logistics. But I would say that we are working closely with these suppliers, and we have committed schedules. We’ve said our lead times are quite extended versus normal. We have better visibility today into demand and customer schedules, I think, than we ever have. And therefore, to your point, we have placed those orders with suppliers. And I would say in both Lam’s case and our suppliers case, it’s about executing to that much higher demand plan. Now what we’ve given you as an outlook for WFE that we do believe we can execute to. And as we said, we believe we will make progressive improvement in supply chain capacity in coming quarters. And that as we do that, you’ll see Lam output, the output of our supply chain increase and we will be meeting the customer demand at that point. What I would also point out is that from the standpoint of our own capacity. This was a key area of focus in 2021, and we talked a lot about it. We significantly expanded our existing factories in the U.S., in Korea, in Taiwan. We ramped and started shipping from our new Malaysia facility, which ultimately will become our largest manufacturing site. We increased our own employment both in full-time and temporary workforce. And I would say, right now, our focus is ensuring that every aspect of our supplier base has grown their capacity to match ours. And that is something that we’re working on every day, and I do believe we will – as Doug said, we – this is a fixable problem, but it is our primary priority at this point.
Tim Archer: And maybe just a final comment to note, obviously, on everybody’s mind is that we were fighting challenges all through 2020. I mean, it’s not as though supply chain has just become an issue. But I would say that some of the things that have changed when we talk about the slight worsening that we’re seeing right now is also that in many cases, whether it’s Lam’s inventory or suppliers’ inventory they have been drawn down by these very high output levels to the point where our vulnerability to a miss that might only be just a few days, but at the output rate of our factories. Those few days can actually translate into some pretty big revenue numbers, and that corresponding few days could be the same for our suppliers. So I think that what’s different right now is that we just have a little bit less room to respond to the challenges. But I tell you, all through 2021, we are fighting these and in almost all cases, we were successful in mitigating them without them becoming misses in our financial results. But I think that – and that’s what gives us confidence that we will solve these as we go through ‘22 as well.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, what I would say is that the ramp of the Malaysia factory is on track. And we’re quite happy with the progress we’re making there. Again, it’s ramping per schedule. Demand is somewhat outstripping the ramp rate. But coming back to your point about why we embarked on Malaysia and also expansions, as I mentioned, in Korea, Taiwan, the U.S. and even in our factory in Europe. And that is we get the opportunity to tap into different talent pools. So I talked about labor shortages, not all COVID-related. These are just driven by serving demand in lots of parts of the industry. So by having factories in different locations, we tap into different talent pools. And also, as you mentioned, we have the opportunity to qualify different supplier sets or even in some cases where we have global critical suppliers, they built factories in those same locations next door to us very close to our site. And they also tap into that different talent pool. And so there is many ways in which this expansion of our global footprint, we think in the long-term, actually makes us less sensitive to disruption in any one particular region, whether it’s in freight and logistics or it’s in workforce or it’s in the supply chain. So it’s all part of our strategy. We’re executing on it and we just need to get to that endpoint a little bit faster. Thanks, Harlan.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that from a China WFE perspective, we think it remains very broad demand across many different players, in fact, even some new fabs and new players that are entering the market there. And while some of it, of course, are big players, a lot of it is our fabs that are addressing what we all know is a very tight trailing-edge technology landscape. And so I think that is a pretty big driver for WFE, and Lam participates well in that market. And Doug mentioned our Reliant business that continues to show record after record in terms of business, and a lot of that stems from investments in places like China at the off leading-edge nodes.
Tim Archer: Yes. C.J., I’ll take a shot at it. I mean, first of all, I mean, we’re not going to go to the detail on conversations we may be having with customers on that point. But I guess I’d point to a couple of things. One, it’s hard to see perhaps what we are doing, given the overwhelming cost challenges, Doug talked about, relative to the near-term projections. But longer term, Lam equipment is absolutely vital to ramping global semiconductor capacity. That’s important for every one of our customers and industry more broadly. And we’re also – our equipment is also vital to achieving the technologies road map for the industry. So there is tremendous value in what we do for our customers in the industry, and we always fight to get paid fairly for that value delivered. Right now, I would say that we’re focused squarely on solving these supply chain issues, having conversations with customers and suppliers about how we do that in the most efficient way. And I think as you see us work through that, you’ll see our financial results including gross margin continue to improve into the future.
Tim Archer: Well, yes, I mean, if you project out these current growth rates, you get to a pretty big customer support business group in the future. But we – as I mentioned, exceeding expectations, the business is doing extremely well. I would say that we anticipate some mitigation in that growth rate. I think at our Analyst Day, we kind of put out a model to say, look, our objective every year is to go in saying that we will outgrow – the revenue will outgrow the growth of the installed base, which means fundamentally, you’re moving forward the revenue capture per chamber. Right now, we’ve flowed those numbers away. But some of it may be a little bit short-term. I mean, clearly, everyone is increasing held inventory that probably goes to our spare parts business as well. Over time, and I don’t know when that would be because I think people are going to be a little bit cautious for quite some time about supply issues as we’re talking about. Eventually, they will draw those inventories back to probably more efficient numbers, and that would cause some mitigation in the spare parts business part of CSBG. We’ve also talked about the Reliant business and tremendous growth in upgrades and sales of tools for trailing edge. I don’t know that, that will mitigate so much, but it’s been on a red hot pace the last year or two. And so I would expect some mitigation there. So maybe the best way to think about it is, again, our goal is always to outgrow the growth of the installed base, capturing more revenue per chamber. And so you can model it Lam with expected Taber growth rate plus some – it’s probably best way to think about it.
Tim Archer: Yes, Stacy, I guess I just wanted to mention, I mean we have maybe gotten that question a lot of times about how we are doing in foundry and logic and what our plans. I think we have done a nice job of, and it will play out over the next several years. We focused on a lot of our product portfolio and product development on products that put us out in front of that technology roadmap. And just to name a couple of the products. I mean you look at what we have done in atomic layer deposition, selective etch, the low RC materials, dry EUV resist and heterogeneous 3D packaging. All of those are quite tied to ramps in foundry/logic spending. Now the good news is, many of those also play over into our strength in memory like ALD does and selective etch will. But again, we have been very cautious about trying to position the portfolio such that our exposure to foundry/logic ultimately is a positive for the company, and I think we are making progress and we will continue to fulfill.
Tim Archer: Yes. Let me take a shot at it, and Doug can add. But as I kind of went – and you might not have heard this if you are jumping between calls. But our manufacturing strategy, we have been playing out for the last several years, I think, is really what gives us confidence that we can meet this demand going forward. And that is Malaysia, as you pointed out, but also expansions across our Korea manufacturing facility. This past year, we bought out our joint venture for manufacturing in Taiwan. We expanded all of our U.S. manufacturing sites in a pretty big way. And we also grew our output from our Europe facility.  And so, I think that when you ask the question, what is it that prepares us for the industry to add another $500 billion in Lam to meet that output, it’s the ability to tap into this global supply chain, which gives us access to larger talent pools, larger supplier bases for many of our parts. Some are very critical, but many of them are sourceable locally to those factories. And I think that’s going to help us increase not only our own capacity, which I think we are making good progress on, but also the capacity of our global supplier base. And that’s something that I would say we are pretty far down that path, but clearly, as evidenced by the current limitations, we still have more room to go, and we will be making progress in the next coming quarters.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I mean it’s – constrained is always more in the eye of the builder for the customer perhaps. But I think you are right that we are seeing a fairly balanced in fact, maybe more balanced spending profile within the memory space, at least is our current view. Maybe back to your original point though about visibility, our visibility at this point is much – we feel further out in terms of demand side. Our challenge is not understanding demand 6 months, 9 months, 12 months out, maybe even longer. It really is about growing supply capability of our supply base and also our own capacity to meet that growing demand. But I think the implications are that we exit this year still perhaps with robust demand going into 2023. It’s too early to – we are not going to give a guide at this point for 2023, but I would say is whether it’s in memory or it’s in logic/foundry, a lot of big investments planned, fabs under construction, many of those don’t take the equipment even until starting in ‘23 or maybe even beyond. And so, I think we are going to see robust WFE for the industry for years to come at this point.
Tim Archer: Okay. I am not sure it’s such an elementary question, it’s quite a complex one. But I – boy, I guess, I would say that we try to make that point quite clear. And I think there has been a lot of discussion between companies like ours and the manufacturers just as there are many, many industries talking to those same suppliers about the urgent needs that they have. And so I don’t think we want to make this – we certainly did not say it’s all about chips, and that’s what’s limiting our supply. It’s one element of some of the component shortages and subsystem shortages, but it has been several other things as well. But I do believe that as we increase both our supplier capacity and our own capacity and output goes up, then that is key to alleviating the problem. And so maybe it becomes a virtuous cycle where more our output goes up, the easier the constraints get and therefore, our outlook goes up even faster. It’s certainly our objective to drive that and we are in close conversation with the semiconductor chip manufacturers who happen to be our customers as well about how they can help. And I would say that in most cases, those customers are stepping in and doing everything they possibly can to help because they want the equipment that we are shipping to them.
Tim Archer: Yes, it’s a good question. I mean obviously, we have sufficient conversations for very long lead time decisions that we have to make. So, as I talk about our expansion of manufacturing facilities and hiring rates. One of the components, it’s not a – that has a relatively long lead time is the hiring of engineers that go on site to support those new customer facilities and projects. And so I would say we are already having discussions with customers about 2023 in earnest. But it’s a little too early to get as precise as many of you probably like in terms of what does the number for 2023 WFE looks like, and we are not going to have that conversation today. But I would say customers are giving a lot of just they want us to be ready. We are having those same conversations with our suppliers because we need them to be ready. And so you can just believe that we are having those conversations quite frequently and quite some temp with customers today.
Tim Archer: I think our objective is probably to do a little bit of both. As you mentioned, some of the issues may become persistent and built into the cost structure of the history, in which case those ultimately have to be accounted for in the pricing for the industry. And yes, obviously, we are very sensitive to the fact that customers in certain parts of our market are cost sensitive, and therefore, we will try to eliminate as many of the costs first. So, we are not taking the easy way out of just trying to pass the costs on trying to first eliminate them and then those that are persistent will be dealt with on a case-by-case basis.
Tim Archer: Well, I think that’s because what I am going to tell you is that the most valuable tool for the customer is the one that’s in this fab in running. And so – of course, it doesn’t – we prioritize today keeping the installed base operating and outputting. And to one of the earlier questions, if we don’t do that, then problem just gets worse because chips aren’t being produced. So, we are having to make that call at certain points, but what I can tell you is that priority is the installed base and keeping tools in manufacturing and output in a way for us and have chips for the industry.
Tim Archer: Not yet. Not every constraint right now exists on a part that would be a spare. Certain subsystems and our tools are not field replaceable spares units. So, there is some overlap but not entirely, as Doug said.
Tim Archer: Yes. We – I don’t know that we have actually quantified it. But what I would say is that we provide a number of the very critical steps there. Obviously, some of the processes that we have talked about in the past are electroplating. Our etching processes are both critical to some of the high aspect ratio of processes like through-silicon via or other parts of the process to go into 3D packaging. So, it’s a priority market for us, and we have been doing quite well for a number of years in that space.
Doug Bettinger: And maybe the only thing I would add just so it’s crystal clear to everybody listening, the December slight miss below midpoint, really one supplier that emerged very late in the month of December. And we just didn’t have time to respond to it. So that’s one statement. Second, what Tim just told you is there is a broadening out that we see beyond one supplier that we’re working to mitigate. And we’re doing lots of different things with lots of different suppliers to work our way through this, Harlan, but we know we’re going to fix this. This is something that you can manage your way through, and we will manage our way through it. Demand is very strong.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Krish, I do think WFE is back half weighted this year. Maybe as much to do with where true demand is, but also a little bit because I believe the industry in the first half of the year is going to be somewhat supply constrained. So I think it’s going to be a second half weighted spending here, Krish.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, the investment performance – I was just going to say, it’s a very broad set of customers was all I was going to add, Krish. A lot of whom you’ve probably not even heard of, frankly. So there is a long tail of people spending dollars in China.
Doug Bettinger: I’m not overly concerned. No. There is ample liquidity in China for the aspirations that they have to make the investments they are planning to make.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Malaysia will be a tail in the gross margin. Certainly, as we get into the second half of the year and in my scripted remarks, I basically said, as I look through the rest of calendar year ‘22, I expect gross margin will improve from the levels that we are at today. Part of that will be Malaysia. Part of it will be the mitigation of the supply chain and part of it will be new products coming out and the positive mix factor of that. So, I will give you a few things to think about there.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The way we have been talking about it is that it was a growth year in ‘21. We didn’t quantify how much, but it was very much in line with the expectations. We described 2020 is roughly $10 billion indigenous Chinese WFE grew last year. It’s going to grow again this year is what I would tell you.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Stacy, it’s a good question. I do think when I look at growth in ‘22 that you are going to see that the highest level of growth in foundry/logic. That’s just what’s going on. I think that’s pretty well understood. And you are right in your observation, I think, inherent in your question is, historically, we been somewhat less represented there, I guess in terms of share of spend as compared to memory.  Having said that, though we have made a nice step up there in the last couple of years, we continue to – 2021 was a good share position year for us in foundry and logic. So, that’s going to benefit us. And also, when I look at ‘22 WFE, I think you are going to see nice growth in memory, and I will let Tim add on to.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Mark, I think the only thing I would add is, is typically, we wouldn’t be in the business of buying semiconductors, right. And that’s our suppliers or sometimes even the suppliers of our suppliers that would be procuring those chips. And because we know that group of our customers, their suppliers really, really well, that’s why we are stepping in. Maybe that helps. And we clearly have access to those guys. So, we can make this better quicker, I think is why we are pointing this out right now.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Joe, I do. I specifically – and you might have been jumping between calls as well. In my prepared remarks, I specifically said I believe gross margin will improve for us as the year progresses. Meaning the March quarter, I believe is a low point for the gross margin in the year. A lot because of these freight logistics and other things in the supply chain that we just need to go fix it, and that’s what we are doing.
Doug Bettinger: But Patrick, I can either or we are mitigating both at the same time, and it’s not exactly the same supply group that is creating a spare part and new equipment. So, it’s maybe as much an overlap as you might say.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. To be more specific, what I actually said was – yes. What I actually said was that the selective etch revenue would double. The selective ventures actually used in more applications than just get all around, and I don’t think we are going to quantify the exact size of the business yet.
