Steve Newberry: I think when we look at what the customers are saying they want to do, obviously for the March quarter they’re taking less shipments than the December quarter and they’re indicating that they’re going to want to take a higher level of shipments in June which will result in I think us being pretty close to flat plus or minus a few percentage points. I have to see how that plays out but first half of 2011 looks pretty flat to the shipment rates of second half of 2010. 
Steve Newberry: Well, as we have commented for quite a long time, our market share in logic is essentially very much the same as our market share in memory. So as logic and foundry moved up as a stronger percent of total spending that our market share would track right along with that. When we look at the market share gains that we made in 2009 and early 2010 that resulted in shipments, we were certainly successful in both Etch and Clean and increasing our market share in logic and foundry. So while many are kind of concerned about the fact that DRAM spending may be down 15% to 20% -- more than offset by the way by the increase in NAND spending -- the increase in foundry logic spending will certainly allow Lam Research to hold our market share and grow our market share quite well.  Relative to Etch market share as a function of those 15 net wins, we would expect that we would pick up two to three market share points in a normalized year in 2011 but certainly with the increase in microprocessor spending by Intel where we don’t have an Etch presence there will somewhat be an offset to that. If the year plays out as some are forecasting, somewhere in the 2.5% range, so with our market share growth we’ll probably just neutralize all of that.  In Clean, we’re continuing the momentum in 2011 that we established in 2011, so I would expect we’re going to see a growth in market share in Clean coming off of those wins that I mentioned in comments. So overall I think that we have an opportunity to grow a little faster than wafer fab equipment in 2011 with our market share strength. 
Steve Newberry: I’ll talk about shipments and Ernie will talk about the use of cash, buybacks, et cetera. So the first question was where were the first half shipments relative to second half of 2010? We think the second half of 2010 that the shipments represented a $31 billion wafer fab equipment spending level and because I think that the shipments for the first half are going to flattish, there’s a $31 billion run rate there. Depending upon if you’re of the mindset that spending is going to be up 10%, then you’re going to see the second half be pretty flat. If you think spending is going to move up 15% or even 20%, then the second half shipments are going to have to grow right along with that. So the run rate of the second half would have to be $34 billion or $35 billion if you’re going to end up the year at $32 billion or $33 billion in total spending.  The important thing that we look at is this year is likely to be a reasonably stable environment. We’re all used to either rocket shooting up 150%, 200% plus in one year, like we saw in 2010, or retrenching like we did in 2008 and 2009. So 2011 represents a reasonably stable year with different quarters being up and down and it’s one of the reasons why you hear us talk about we’re going to really focus on consolidating our gains, investing very closely with our customers, reinforcing that the decisions that they made to buy more Etch equipment and clean equipment from us was a good decision and we’re also going to take advantage that in a stable environment our ability to generate higher levels of cash flow is much easier than when you’re in a rapidly accelerating revenue environment.
Steve Newberry: So I think it’s a little misleading in terms of the classification between selling and marketing expense and R&D because we would classify things like evaluations and a lot of the field based work that we do with our customers' ends up beings in our sales and marketing expense. So really you should think about the totality of those investments as R&D work whether it’s done here in the facility or whether it’s done closer to the customer. So there are just some classification differences that take place, so we are not ramping what I think most people would consider traditional sales and marketing expenses as it might appear on the face of the P&L.  I think it is reasonable over the course of the coming few quarters to model in that continued investment. We recognize that it’s going to be important to both secure the gains that we have as well as do the necessary planning and preparation work for sustaining market share gains that Steve referred to earlier. So we do think that over the course of the coming year you will see some moderate increase in operating expenses that will level out probably sometime mid-year or so. 
Steve Newberry: When I look at the increase in NAND shipments, I think it’s going to go up to about $8 billion. If I go back in 2007, which was a pretty strong NAND spending year, from our analysis we think they spent about $6.1 billion, $4.3 billion in 2008 and probably $1.8 billion in 2009. So I think this $8 billion probably would represent a higher investment in NAND capacity expansion than in prior years. I think that that makes sense as the industry's consolidated. But the total demand for NAND on a unit basis is going to grow 1 billion units to kind of contrast the DRAM. I mean, DRAM units are going to grow 1 billion. So the absolute rate of units that are growing for NAND is, right now, equal to DRAM. But because of the lower base of install base capacity, the investment in NAND is going to have to include more new wafer starts, which are much more expensive and 400,000 something wafer starts of conversion, which while less expensive than DRAM conversion would still represent a lot of money having to be spent.
Steve Newberry: Well, we pretty much expected and I think we talked in our prior earnings call that memory in the calendar December quarter was going to decline as a percent of the total. I think you always get some interesting behavior in the last calendar quarter of the year as some customers are trying to pool in and get a head start on having available capacity relative to what their competitors are doing. Some customers tend to decide that they've spent enough capital. Sometimes they'll push out. The December quarter tends to have a lot of ins and outs and that's pretty normal. As we go forward in the year, I think that the percentage of memory is going to come up from the 40% that we saw ship in the December quarter. Probably for the first half I would expect that to be somewhere around 45% of the total. I think that where we're going to see the other 60% is going to be certainly a strong foundry investment for the first half but also a very strong spending in other advanced logic IBM players.
Steve Newberry: Well, earlier there was a question about that and I talked about the focus being on the front end of the line. There's both logic and memory wins there. I don't want to specifically quantify that because I'd like to keep certain aspects of those wins as confidential as possible for as long as possible. But it's front end of the line and it's both logic and memory related.
Steve Newberry: So, Jim, I'll answer that question but since we didn't get a chance to answer the second part of Tim's I'll do that as well if it's okay. Relative to ship share, very definitely the makeup of the $12 billion in 2009 was light on Etch and was certainly Intel's spending as a percent was strong. So we definitely benefitted from a lower spending as a percent of the total in terms of Intel's contribution. But we also benefitted that Etch went up from probably a 12% to 12.5% of WFE to, I think, in 2010 probably pretty close to 14%. That's one element. Then we benefitted that single wafer clean mix has changed as we've gone forward, although Clean, because a lot of investment to convert to single wafer was done by some of the single wafer-oriented companies, Clean actually grew slightly less in 2010 than the wafer fab equipment market in full. But our market shares in Clean was able to offset that and even benefit Lam. So, also, I think that when you look at what our revenue was, the customer service business was a dramatically higher level in 2009. So when you take the $12 billion, which is just for systems and used equipment, and you divide the $12 billion by the $1.2 billion that we were in revenue, you get an incorrect number because now the customer service business is less than 20% whereas in 2009 it was probably 40%, 45% or something like that. So that's how you get the market share growth when you have fundamentally a similar percent but the mix is very different. So, Jim, our look at new fabs is there's 12 to 13 new fabs that are going to take shipments this year. There's 16 fabs out there that are somewhere under construction. Some have been completed. Some of the ones that have completed are taking shipments. Some of the completed ones are really just kind of going to wait for a while. But clearly we have a number of fabs that will take shipments for the first time in 2011. It looks like probably six to seven fabs will take their first deliveries in 2011. Next question please.
Steve Newberry: Yes, that's a good question. Certainly when we laid out that model we didn't have Intel factored in at that high of spending and at that high a percentage. So that will present somewhat of a challenge for us. But when we look at our various plans that roll up against various scenarios, I think that we continue to have, even with a mix ship, we have a good opportunity to deliver that $6, even with Intel changing as a percent. But, like anything else, it's not just Intel in terms of what their percent is. It's what's the percent that other customers will ultimately end up being and what's our share with them? So it's definitely going to be more challenging. But we expect to be very much in that vicinity if the spending levels rise to that level.
Steve Newberry: I think we've seen an acceleration of conductor becoming a bigger percent of wafer fab equipment spending for Etch. I think that if you go back to '08 and '09, you saw that the dielectric segment was probably 58%, 56% and conductors come up from about 42% in '08. We think it's about 50%, 50% right now. So, clearly, that's been beneficial to our market share gain because we have a higher market share in the conductor segment than we do in dielectric.
Steve Newberry: Well, the Etch segment growth rates for 2011, we're still really in the process of trying to quantify those activities. I don't think they're going to be substantially any different in terms of the ratio of conductor to dielectric. I think that, clearly, the trend that has caused conductor to come up it's going to manifest itself in continued volume output because those are the technology nodes that customers are ramping right now. So I would not expect that we'll see that much of a difference in 2011. As it relates to -- what was the second part of the question? Sorry.
Steve Newberry: So I think the question may have been what do we expect the growth rate to be for single wafer clean? We look at 2011 as a reacceleration year. We think that single wafer clean is likely to grow somewhere between 25% and 30% year over year. So, depending upon what scenario you want to pick for WFE, I think that we have an opportunity to see our Clean shipments increase as a function of a rising tide and then in addition as a function of picking up some market share gains in 2011. We haven't quantified how many application wins that we're going to forecast because the year has just started. We haven't forecasted them for '11 in Etch or for Clean. But as we go forward, whether we're at investor conferences or on future conference calls, as we have always done, we will continue to keep the financial community updated on the progress we're making relative to new application wins in both Etch and Clean.
Steve Newberry: Yes, I think since the run rate -- the second half of '10 was about $31 billion. I think the run rate for the first half looks to be very close to $31 billion. So if we're flat for the rest of the year, then we would be up basically 8%, 10%, depending upon which number you want to use. That's why I said that. When you look at a consensus forecast, you've got some people at flat, you've got some people up 5% or 10% and you even have some people that suggest the spending will be up 20%, which would get you closer to a $34 billion-type of level. So we'll just have to see how that plays out. That's why I kind of said almost any range you pick, unless we have some major financial dislocation that really dries up the capital flows and the demand and all of that, that we're going to really be focused this year on consolidating the gains that we've made and rewarding the trust that our customers have demonstrated to us, position ourselves for the next generation of new memory architectures and new logic materials and new logic architectures over the next two generations. In this kind of environment, while there may be a slight decline that Ernie talked about in terms of the operating margin performance, depending upon what the spending environment actually turns out to be, we're going to really focus on cash generation because in these kinds of stabilized environments we can be up in the high 20s, in the low 30s as a percent of revenue and cash generation. Really, at the end of the day, I think our shareholders want to see that strong cash generation. They want to see the investment in our continuous pursuit of technology and productivity solutions for our customers.
Steve Newberry: One of the things that customers have requested from us and others in the industry is to keep confidential the information they communicate to us relative to what their plans are in terms of delivery. So I think the best way to get that answer is to ask GlobalFoundries what they want to say about when they are going to take shipments and begin operation in their multifab.
Steve Newberry: One of the things I've learned over my 31 years in this industry is that the minute you think you may know what customers could do they will absolutely prove you wrong. So the reality is there's always risk associated with any forecast that customers give you. Sometimes the risk is on the downside. Some of the risk is they're going to spend even more. So I really couldn't tell you. I mean, we, fortunately, are a company that does business with every semiconductor company that's involved in this industry. As a function of that, what we focus on is if the demand is growing and we understand how the supply is matching up with that demand, somebody is going to go and fill that demand and exactly how it's going to turn out; in terms of who ends up spending more and who ends up spending less, way too difficult to predict.
Steve Newberry: Well I think one of the things that you've seen is that our margins at the revenue levels that we're dealing with are in that low 46% to high 46%. I think that the challenge for us is as Clean ramps and becomes a bigger percentage of the total revenue that we've got to make sure we execute to the cost reduction activities that I've talked about. So our thought process relative to margins kind of reflects a recognition that even with that, the margins overall in Clean, from a gross margin standpoint, tend to be somewhat less. From a cash flow perspective, because the P&L carries various aspects of non-cash-related accounting associated with the acquisition, Clean is a nice contributor to cash flow. It's one of the reasons why we try to spend time, really, talking about cash generation while recognizing that to the extent that we can execute in the way that we'd like to, that we can potentially see improvements in our gross margin performance both as a function of doing that if the volumes increase, but also even as clean increases its percent of our total revenues.
Steve Newberry: Well, I think that there's no question that if you go back a couple quarters that our OpEx is up in the vicinity of what you just said. It does, in fact, reflect increases in investment in both field service-based people, process engineering-based people that deal with the larger sustained volumes that we have. But, as Ernie said, we're increasing the number of people who work on a dedicated basis at a lot of these major customers because they are asking us and we're responding to the difficulties and complexities that they have when they're looking at going to the next generation devices, whether you're talking DRAM, NAND or logic chips. So, in the short term, we're going to make those investments because that's the right thing to do for our customers, it's the right thing to do for the business and for our longer-term market share growth. In a declining revenue environment, that could put a little pressure on the P&L. But, certainly, in the environment we're talking about, our cash generation is going to be better than it was in 2010. So I would expect that if we can remain at a reasonably stable 3% to 4.5% GDP environment for a couple years and the customers maintain kind of rational and well-balanced investments in terms of supply versus demand that we will likely have an opportunity to see higher revenues at some point in time in the future. I think you will see us demonstrate the ability to move our operating margins kind of back up to our 27.5% model that we've kind of said is what we're trying to achieve when we are in the higher spending phases of the cycle. So I view this as kind of maybe a demonstration that what we're not going to do, if revenues kind of slow down a little bit for a couple quarters, we're not going to try and optimize P&L performance at the expense of making what we think are the right investments for our customers, the right investments for really continuing to build the capability that the company needs. We're focused on making sure that when the spending and our market share is in the right situation and we have the ability to be a $4 billion company, we want to make sure that we can execute to that very effectively in the coming years.
