Tim Archer: Yes, Harlan, that's a -- it's a good question, and I guess I'd just remind everybody that the CSBG business is made up of four different product lines, as we just mentioned, spares, services, upgrades and then the reliant, which is the more mature node systems. And each of those is kind of impacted differently. If you look at what is the top priority for customers and the top priority for Lam is to keep all of the installed base, which now numbers something over 75,000 systems running every single day inside of those fabs. And so we're not going to compromise normal customers on spare parts, for instance. And so as we think about priorities here, you put the -- in terms of the spares and installed base runs services. I talked a little bit about Equipment Intelligence. We're looking for ways where you can work around some of the constraints. I mean, Equipment Intelligence, using data to determine when do I really have to replace parts? How do I -- how frequently do I really have to do preventative maintenance to keep the performance of the tool where I need it to be? And so I would say services actually, there's probably a little bit of an uptick in demand for us to do more services on the tool. But what does get impacted, Reliant Systems, those are tools. They are affected by the same constraints as our leading-edge systems. They need all of those components. They have communications, they need chips, they need other things. So, those are impacted just the same way as leading edge. And then upgrades, similarly, most of the upgrades we're doing are actually components that would also go into new systems. So, we work with customers to see which is the right priority call. Is it to put the new system on the particular quarter, you can see that we're talking about some impact to the upgrades business. So, hopefully, that helps explain how kind of those different segments get affected. But as I said, over the longer period, the installed base will continue to grow. It grows every single quarter, and we expect the CSBG business to expand in line with that.
Tim Archer: Yeah. So it's a good question. And I think first of all, I mean, we usually get a question around whether that order is placed with multiple suppliers, which is not very common in the equipment space. So to your point, perhaps instead is the demand being overstated to try to drive a sense of urgency. I think that's kind of what you were pointing out. We have very close and frequent discussions with customers. And I think what we're pointing out is that even if there is a little bit of that, which I don't actually believe there is, but if there were, unconstrained demand is well over what can be supplied this year. And therefore, we felt comfortable saying that, we're driving for that execution to the $100 billion WFE level. From a financial implications perspective, either to Lam or the customers, it depends on how close you are when the rescheduling occurs. If we're talking about tools that are and a forecast that's now through the remainder of this year, and some of these forecasts are now pushing into second half of 2023. There is really no financial implication to Lam other than we're driving to ensure that our capacity and our supply chain would have capability to ramp up to those levels. And so that's – it probably depends on very much the timing of the change and that would affect kind of the implications.
Tim Archer: Well, I'll take the ramp question. I mean, clearly, we – as I mentioned, kind of feel like we're underperforming in the first half of this year to the capacity of Lam's facilities. We invested in expanding every factory we have around the world in 2021, and we talked about the fact that we can ramp those factories further. We're constrained by supply. We are qualifying additional suppliers. We're working and investing with our suppliers to ramp up their own capacity. And maybe we need to distinguish a little bit too, and I'll let Doug confirm, but it's – as we look at the deferred revenue piece versus the work that's actually being done. As Doug mentioned, we're actually shipping at a much higher rate than we're recognizing revenue in the first half of this year. So as we look to execute that $100 billion WFE for the entire year, the second half doesn't have to ramp up quite as much from a Lam factory perspective. We need to keep shipping, show progressive improving in output and also clear the critical components that are needed to recognize revenue for that deferred balance.
Tim Archer: No, I think that pretty much captures it. I do believe we can get paid for value. We also look at ways in which we can develop, in this era and period of rising costs, we can kind of find true win-wins with the customers. And so, we are focused on solutions that drive productivity. Those are areas where you can try to take cost out, you can make the tool more productive for the customer and get paid a higher value for that as well.  And again, back to mentioning Equipment Intelligence Solutions, these are things where again, you're truly removing some of the cost of operating the system by using data. And that allows us to get paid for those services and also perhaps charge fair value for whether it's the spares or the service work that's being done. And the customer also gets productivity and it feels like they came out on the good end of that as well.
Tim Archer: So Toshi, as you said, we don't want to talk about any one specific customer, but I gave you several proof points within foundry/logic. I mean, it's an area we know that we've been underexposed because of our product portfolio and perhaps market share. We've been working hard to introduce new products to expand our opportunity, but also to win more with the products we have. And I think that's exactly what you're seeing in, every time a transition -- a node transition occurs, our served market is getting bigger and we're gaining market share. And that's not just true for certain customers. It's true, we think, for all the customers in terms of -- especially the opportunities and our portfolio is serving.  Yes, I talked about -- on the last call, the work we've been doing in selective etching, the new portfolio of products there, targeting gate all around for instance, and I talked about that expanding this quarter as well. Those are the things that we're doing to try to make sure that our foundry/logic future is better than the past.
Tim Archer: Yes, I can take a shot at it. I mean, it's pretty broad-based. I mean, clearly, we've talked about the fact that ICs themselves are a big component of the shortages and maybe one of the very long lead-time parts of that -- of the shortages. Our systems are incredibly complex and they use a lot of semiconductors inside of subsystems that go into our tools. So, that is a big part of it. But we also talked about the broadening. Some of the broadening was in other types of fabricated parts, subsystems that go into our tools, that require materials and skilled labor that found itself in short just working with each of those suppliers to either shore up their capacity or working with those suppliers and customers to qualify alternative parts, components and where necessary, alternative suppliers. And so that's what gives us confidence that as time moves on and those qualifications take place and customers can accept those new suppliers and those new components, that the flexibility and resiliency of our supply chain improves throughout the rest of the year.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, we've talked about progressive improvement, so we do believe that things get better in the supply chain as a whole. We break it down -- your question about the COVID lockdowns in China, anything that was a new issue, anything that disrupts freight and logistics in and out of an important location where we do have suppliers, obviously, you lose time, either due to delays in getting parts in or out of those locations. So, that did have some impact in the quarter. But more broadly, I think each component, each constraint within the supply chain will likely recover at a slightly different pace, though I mentioned that predicting the exact pace for every component will be difficult. But from a – when I talked about the long lead time ICs, really, what I was meaning was that I think that the few shortages in ICs, it's a multi, multi-quarter situation before we really feel that anything you order has normal lead times as it used to in the past. Other elements of the supply chain that were more related to either lockdowns or maybe labor shortages or some shortage in materials, I think those recover more quickly and that's built into our outlook for the year where we see this progressive improvement through the rest of the year.
Tim Archer: No, I think I would just reiterate, I mean, the amount of focus and attention and effort and investment to ensure that we're recovering the supply chain and recovering our output and supporting our customers has never been higher. And so, I think, that as Doug said, we have confidence that we have a good line of sight to the numbers that we -- and the tools and the parts and everything that's needed to make that up, and that's what we plan to go execute.
Tim Archer: Okay. So it's a good question. I mean, obviously, I can't speak in great detail to other people's supply chains, but ours is quite complex. And it's just as you said, we -- if you think about etch and deposition equipment, it has a lot of requirements for very complicated gas delivery systems, vacuum systems, power generation and delivery systems. And those things not only require, as we talked about, a lot of ICs and control capabilities, but also just a tremendous amount of subsystem fabrication, high-purity gas line fabrication, a lot of complexity there. And so, I don't know if we are or are not uniquely impacted in that way. But clearly, we are focused on shoring up each of those areas where we see impact. And as I mentioned, the main point is where we can find qualification of additional suppliers who can meet our requirements for the parts and quality that's needed, then we're qualifying those and that increases our capacity. Over the long run, what it also does is, it gives us flexibility.  As I look forward, this investment we're making today to increase the resilience of our supply chain will pay off in the long term because we'll have more suppliers. We'll have suppliers in the regions closer to where our factories are. And I think in the future, that's going to give us some ability to respond to demand in a much more cost-effective way as well. And so, to the long-term gross margin, as I think about that, the investments we're making today are actually good from that perspective.
Tim Archer: Well, I think obviously, it's hard to speak to what the customers would do, but it is very difficult to -- most of these decisions on pooling, the process qualification work is all done far in advance of the production needs. And so, I think part of the reason why everybody is feeling so stressed in this environment, from customers to equipment suppliers, maybe even to our own suppliers, is all of those parts, choices and tooling choices are made very far in advance, and to requalify is incredibly difficult.  And that's even why our output recovery timing is longer -- is taking longer than we might have anticipated. It takes a while to qualify an alternative supplier. I think the same thing would be true for customers and semiconductor manufacturing equipment. So, a long way of saying, I don't believe you're seeing market share shifts in this near term due to these capacity constraints.
Tim Archer: I guess the simplest way for us to answer it is that, we've seen no change in demand or no change in the pressure we receive from customers to deliver to their original schedule. And so that's why when we look at the investments we're making to try to accelerate recovery of our output to meet their demands, that's because their demand has not changed at all. To your point of, will they take different tools at different times, I think that there's a lot of things that we're working on with customers to try to meet their capacity constraints if we can't get them the tooling on the exact date they want. We talked about accelerated installs. I talked about increasing like services to get a little bit more output from tools they might have already installed into that fab. I think there's just a lot of partnership and creativity going into how to work through these constraints over the next -- that have existed for a couple of quarters and likely will continue to exist as we move through the next couple.
Tim Archer: So far, it's – I would say that, we haven't identified those yet as significant constraints. But we're obviously watching every new issue that comes up and assessing its impact. But so far, we wouldn't identify those as key issues right now.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, maybe the only other thing I would add is spares, I think, is in a better situation because our customers hold some inventory. We hold inventory. There's always been a historic level of inventory. And so I think that's part of the reason why we don't believe we're impacting the installed base. Probably has got a little bit of inventory sitting there.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Harlan, as I sit here today, I do believe that gross margin will improve as we progress through the year. I'll remind you that I said that same thing last quarter and then we ticked down a little bit and missed our number a little bit in March, so I'll acknowledge we don't always get it right. But as we sit here today, I expect it will improve as we progress through the year and as we improve the supply chain output capability, Harlan.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, John, I mean, if I was guessing right now, I think deferred probably grows a little bit again in June, and then I hope begin to work our way through some of it as the supply chain gets caught up. I mean, there's $2 billion sitting there at the end of the quarter that we just need to ship parts to things we've already shipped. The base tool, too, in revenue will benefit from that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, exactly right. Nothing to add on that. And C.J., on the gross margin thing, I tried to answer it when Harlan asked. As I sit here today, I think it gets better in the second half. As we increase our output capability, our supply chain increases its output capability. We work to mitigate some of these constraints and absorb somewhat more of the fixed cost. I think it gets better. And then, I'll remind you that I told you the same thing last quarter and I was a little bit wrong in March, but that's what I see right now, C.J.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I'm not going to quantify it for you. All the same dynamics are in place, right? Chamber counts grew nicely last year. It’s going to grow nicely again this year, given the strength in WFE. Utilization in the industry is very high. Investment across all aspects of that business are doing well. We're just a little bit behind on the supply chain stuff.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Tim, you know I'm not going to give you a number. We always do this dance with the numbers, but how you're thinking about it is consistent with what I see. Yes, that deferred revenue is up above that amount that you described. There is a run rate of it that's always there, probably in the range that you're suggesting. We need to get the supply chain caught up with it, right? We need to work our way through making it better, get caught up with the stuff that's sitting there, improve what we're shipping, so that there's less of it, and that's very much what we're investing dollars and resources to do.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Toshiya, really no changes. Demand continues to be very strong across every segment of our business, memory, foundry, logic. We haven't really seen any change in that at all.
Doug Bettinger: Like I said, I'm not going to get into guiding a whole bunch of numbers on the balance sheet because it's hard enough to get the numbers that we just missed a little bit, right? I do think it will be up somewhat, Joe. That's what I said. I didn't put a number to it.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. No, Vivek. Nothing, like, restricts us from adjusting pricing or doing that. I mean, there's a cadence with which you talk to customers about things, how your output's improving, my inflation is doing X, Y and Z, we need to work through this together. But nothing restricts us from doing that. And we have done some, right? It's not as if we haven't done some of that. We have. New things have emerged. I mean, freight rates continue to be a challenge. That should get better. I mean, frankly, it's back to what I said earlier. The costs that are more permanent in nature, we're going to get paid for. The stuff that is transitory, we got to kind of work our way through managing the cost. We have a responsibility to do both and we are doing both. I wouldn't want you, in the long term, to think of our profitability objectives any different than we've communicated them before, right? We're 300 basis points where we want to be, 250 to 300, and we're going to go work our way back to that level.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Stacy, that's why we give you an annual WFE outlook, because that actually is a proxy in some ways for what demand on the entire industry looks like to the best of our ability. That's why we try to communicate it and that's the $100 billion, still somewhat supply-limited, though, as Tim said. We think demand is actually so much stronger than that. But the WFE is what we're -- when we give you that annual number, that's what we're trying to help you think or see what we're seeing, I guess, is what I would say.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Blayne, maybe you misunderstood us. We didn't intend to communicate that. I didn't specifically say we missed because of one thing or another. Frankly, we missed because of supply chain constraints for equipment across the board that's in new equipment. It's also in the Reliant product line in CSBG as well as upgrades in CSBG. So it's across all of that is what we tried to, maybe not very well, but that's what we tried to communicate.
Doug Bettinger: Mark, I'll talk maybe a little bit about this year. These aren't numbers we normally give out. But I would tell you, when I look across the totality where investments are occurring, I see wafer capacity growing everywhere, almost everywhere; in memory, in foundry, in logic and probably across nearly every process node in foundry as well, right? I mean, things are tight. The ICs we're trying to get are across every different process node and everybody is investing to try to get caught up with demand. So, while we don't share those numbers, I think everything is ticking up somewhat or trying to anyway, based on the investment plans they have.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Atif, you know we don't do more than one year at a time. I mean, clearly, you've got a softening in the economy for a variety of different reasons. And I do observe when we look across all of the semi industry, the more consumer-oriented kind of consumption in semis is probably softening a little bit. Smartphone units aren't as strong perhaps as we thought. PC is probably the same thing. High-performance computing is still very strong. So, it's kind of what I see happening. When Tim and the sales guys talk to our customers though, everybody is full steam ahead with their investment plans in terms of equipment. So that's what I see. I'm not going to quite tell you at 2023 yet. But the fact that we're under shipping what customers want this year, that stuff's I know is going to roll into next year. So sit tight. We'll talk about 2023 as we get a little further through the year.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Thank you, Atif. Operator, that's about it for time for us. Appreciate everybody joining us on the call today.
