Martin Brian Anstice: Obviously, the first part of the question, C.J., we're not going to guide December specifically in this meeting. But as Doug and I both said in our prepared comments, we do expect September to be the low point and we'll be on a positive trajectory in December. And we'll report, I guess, at that time the magnitude of it but we would not have commented if we didn't think it was material. On the second point, I mean, it's a terrific commentary on the maturity of the industry. That the corrections happened at the pace they do and I mean, this is a pretty amazing industry at this point. If you look at kind of memory companies, their revenues are up. I think they're going to be up maybe 25% this year. After they were up 60% last year, which is a $100 billion DRAM business probably this year and the profitability levels of memory companies today are trending 40% to 50% operating income. So there's some really nice headlines in terms of discipline and some really nice headlines in terms of profitability and sustainability and their business is a different business today. And if you kind of – if you went even higher than the memory statements and opines on the semiconductor industry holistically, in the five years 2014 to 2018 inclusive, semiconductor revenues are up by about $125 billion, if you believe in that $450 billion or a $460 billion revenue for calendar 2018. In that same timeframe, there has been an increase in wafer fabrication equipment investments by probably $18 billion in the low to the high end of that period. That means the incremental capital intensity of that 15%, I mean, that is an incredible level of efficiency of spending and a great commentary, I think, on sustainability in light of probably the most exciting set of demand drivers and the most diverse set of demand drivers we've had in a decade.
Martin Brian Anstice: I kind of attempted to deliver two messages on the installed base business. The first one is the growth of the entire installed base business which is spares and service and upgrades and training and the reliance in reuse business and that was the 2 times faster in the six months of this year than the pace of growth of the installed base units. The second reference, which is the 50% reference you just spoke to, related to our reliance and reuse business. So I was focusing on one segment for reasons that hopefully are quite obvious.
Martin Brian Anstice: It's definitely not all customers. I mean, there are some pretty kind of selective adjustments. It's a combination of a push from September to December and a combination of some movement from the second half of this year to the first half of next year. But I mean, everything embedded in your question, Harlan, I think we would endorse. I mean, there is a fundamental commentary of health measured by profitability and growth of the semiconductor industry as it has completely redefined it's kind of purpose and value proposition in this broader kind of data economy and ecosystem. And the long-term drivers are quite compelling. So individual companies make individual corrections. That will always be the case, and you've seen some come together in ways you haven't seen that in the past so it's a good thing, pretty short-term. We expect September to be our low point.
Martin Brian Anstice: Well, I mean, the interesting thing about the world we live in now, the value proposition that's available in the world of technology requires connectivity, it requires cloud memory and storage, and it requires computes. So there's always going to be some kind of ebbs and flows between one segment and another. But the value proposition requires investments in all. And I think that's the fundamental headline that people should internalize. And what we've tried to do is supplement that headline with the commentary on the importance of memory in that ecosystem and the role that memory plays as an embedded component of systems and even eventually in the world of computes. And I gave some statistics today that I'm not sure fully internalized but the CAGR of memory investment compared to the CAGR of logic and foundry investment has no comparison almost in the last five to seven years. And that's the strength of our company in many respects. So that's why we speak to unmatched opportunity because we think it's a very balanced investment and the strength of our company from a product portfolio point of view and a segments exposure creates something that's unmatched.
Martin Brian Anstice: As a housekeeping response, we didn't disclose that before and I'm not going to kind of increment the disclosure today. Obviously, I think common knowledge at this point, the memory bias is first half, and the logic foundry is much closer to flattish, right? So you've got that as a kind of broad reference on WFE and that's where I would sit responding to the question, specifically. Maybe I could kind of provide some quality to statements as well that are helpful in response to the question. The adjustments we've seen from customers in DRAM, I would say, have avoided overinvestments. That's a nice, simple way to kind of characterize it and we still believe from the analytics that we can form, it's still a tight marketplace. In NAND flash, the pace of the adjustments that we have seen have been moderating. They've been slowing, hence, the commentary that we're giving today around September and then expansion of the company again in December.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I don't have the crystal ball, obviously, to kind of opine on the political dynamic and how various elements of this conversation play out. But our assumption today around the execution of our plans is the same as it always has been. We see legitimacy in the ambition and we see investments in capacity in China that are synchronized to the demand for units out of fabs and I would make that statement on a global basis and I would make it in regards to China as well. Obviously, tariff-based conversations can and do impact the operations of companies like Lam and so left unattended, tariffs create incremental cost structures for us and we make the impact immaterial by modifying kind of our supply chain. We have to take actions to mitigate that risk and there's no material exposure embedded in our forecast for tariffs. Relative to long-term China, if the environment of export control it is what it is today, the plans of customers will execute. If it changes, then we have to kind of revisit the assumptions at that point in time. We don't see evidence today of planned changes, so nothing to report. But I would say we're attentive to the very same things that you are and we can control only so much of this conversation. So – and we'll be on the same boat as everybody else if and when things change, I guess.
Martin Brian Anstice: It is kind of a shorter term message and a long-term message. The shorter one is we are in for a busy second half because the decisions of the second half, have a – I think a three times greater in the impact than the ones at the first half. So, the second half is a busy period for the company. The objective of the company, I hope, is well understood. We are investing to increase our relevance to the success of the customers and gain market share in etch and deposition, in memory, and in logic foundry. And we've put together multiple years' worth of momentum that we intend to build upon. We don't win everything, we don't defend everything, but we've demonstrated over a multiple years that we win more than we don't and that's the objective kind of going forward. The best reference still is the long-term models that we gave, that's the call out market share references. And the last thing I would say is when you think about the holistic growth opportunities of Lam, let's remember market share is $1 billion component of a $3 billion reference. So we're seeking $1 billion of SAM expansion, we're seeking $1 billion of growth from market share and we're seeking $1 billion of growth in the space of the installed base business of the company. So it's kind of one element of three and all are very important and all are being invested in.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think the profitability levels and the revenue levels, it eliminates the limitations on investments, but I don't think profitability levels on their own drive investment. I think demand for chips and elasticity of demand from pricing and attachment rates drive demand for investment. So I think profits have taken off the table the limitations, but certain points in our history have limited investment so there's much more flexibility for our customers today than ever before. But I think our customers hold themselves accountable to investing capacity when they have chips to sell. And that's a great commentary on health of an industry.
Martin Brian Anstice: Well, I've tried to articulate again not just in memory, but broadly in the industry, how I think the industry is different today than it was through kind of 10 years ago. And one of the differences is that I see very significant customers in leadership positions with very clear segment and market focus that has some differences with very clear strategies and very clear opportunities and risks and limitations on strategies. And our customers, and I'll use 3D NAND as a great example, there was a -- I think a four-year separation between the first adopter on 3D NAND technology to the last of the four. And that's illustrative of how their strategies are quite unique. And that's not a good or bad. It's just a statement of uniqueness optimized in their minds to the opportunities in the marketplace to be successful growing a business. So I think customers -- they are all attempting to pursue the right ambition, which is profitable market share, not just market share, and we have the same aspiration. But there is, for sure, a uniqueness of a device targeting in the marketplace, market segmentation. There's also uniqueness of clean room capacity, there is also uniqueness of investment coming online from a timing point of view. And there's uniqueness in terms of the installed base roadmaps of these companies. And so, all of that means, I believe, that the power of the customer is greater than the power of the segment when it comes to analyzing the direction of the industry.
Martin Brian Anstice: But the framework, again, is pretty simple for answering that question, right? I mean, the priority is investing the profitable growth of the company and when we have cash that is excess to that need, return it to our shareholders. And we've operated with that philosophy for probably at least a decade, maybe more. And it's the guidance under any conditions going forward.
Martin Brian Anstice: I think you got two problems with the question and the answer I could give you. The first problem is none of us have any idea of the assumptions and the original disclosure of the companies that you're talking about, and so any reference is kind of hard to interpret. I'm not going to get into specifics on dates, but the changes are fairly recent.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. And from an investment point of view, I mean, I wouldn't characterize that we run the installed base part of the company any differently than we do the systems piece. I mean, we do our best to anticipate and identify opportunities and risks. We do our best to invest timely and proactively to be successful, and we do our best to make sure that when there are changes in business levels, the cost structure of the company in the short-term is appropriately responsive without kind of compromising that long-term view. And so it's the same gig for every business unit and every element of the portfolio of the company.
Martin Brian Anstice: Not really. And no difference, frankly, from the view that's opined by most of the market participants. I mean, we've got an assumption of the low 20s for bit supply in DRAM and we've got an assumption of the low 40s for NAND. So I think that's kind of genuinely consistent with what folks are talking about. From a transition point of view, maybe a little bit more to help you out. I mean, our assumption is that the kind of 1x, 1y investment levels in DRAM will represent somewhere around the 50% level, plus or minus kind of 5 points or 10 points by the end of the calendar year. And we're assuming by the end of the calendar year that the 3D capable parts of the NAND installed base is a little over the 1 million wafer stat per month level. And obviously, it exists in various forms. So 3D isn't all Generation 4 or Generation 5. It's the full portfolio but we're well on the way to making that the primary output technology of non-volatile memory.
Martin Brian Anstice: Well, I mean, from a marketplace point of view as I mentioned a few moments ago, there's much more stability at WFE and foundry logic combined first half and second half than is true in memory. And the specific purchasing decision timings for etch and deposition are, I think, kind of well understood at this point in time. They're a little later in the flow because of shorter lead times perhaps than the lithography investments at this point in time. And we have objectives to gain share obviously from 10 to 7 and in turn to 5. And this year is largely a year of 7 nanometer build-outs and 5 pilots with, as you I think well understand, a pretty broad set of participation at the 28 nanometer level. And we don't have any new headlines today on the EUV. It's exactly the same as it was when we spoke in our Analyst Meeting. So it's a nice opportunity for the company, it continues to be a big focus and yeah, that's, I guess, the best I can share.
Martin Brian Anstice: But I appreciate you asking the question and recognizing the efforts of the company that respond to balancing short-term and long-term because it's really hard to do. It takes a lot of time and effort to create the guidance that you've just spoken to. So thank you for recognizing it.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. I mean, I think there's a number of kind of industry participant statements in the marketplace today of equivalency are slightly up. I've seen being kind of the $100 billion references over a couple of years. And I don't have a basis to kind of disagree with those. To more specifically speak to something of substance from Lam, I would say as well as having the expectation that December is higher than September, our expectation is that the first half of next year is a stronger half than the second half of this year. And the order of magnitude, we'll speak to over time. But we feel really good about the health of the industry as I've tried to speak to. We feel kind of really good about the value propositions that our customers are seeking, the discipline throughout the ecosystem, and the opportunity for the company. And so while at some level it all feels like a pretty kind of negative moment in the history of our industry when we get these episodes, it's really good because it's a commentary on timeliness of response and discipline and health. And what should not get lost in this conversation is the fact that if you didn't believe us and you just thought that December EPS would be the same as the September EPS, we have growth in non-GAAP earnings of like 20% year-over-year. And in most of the companies I've ever had an experience of working with, that's not such a bad number, right? So and adjustments exists in the context of some pretty nice growth for the industry and for the company and obviously, for our customers, that's even more true. So we feel pretty good.
Martin Brian Anstice: Yeah. So I was kind of conscious of that potential risk as well as I listened to it. So what Doug was speaking to was kind of like the absolute kind of dollars comparison between the output of the company in the June quarter as compared to September and he's right to say the biggest change there is NAND. What I was speaking to was the prominence of the adjustments in the last kind of month or so. And DRAM was the biggest adjustments in the next month or so, so that's how you reconcile the two statements.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah. I'm not going to give you a specific number, Tim, but I will tell you at the end of every quarter and the 10-Q, you'll see for the next year old way and new way. I'm not going to get into guiding it because lots can change around it and I'm going to just stick to the current accounting rules. But you will be able to see it at the end of every quarter, Tim.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Tim, as I was thinking about, maybe just a little color on the rev rec thing so we don't continue to get questions on it. I mean, guys, think about it in the right way. At the end of the day, this is just all timing, right? Shipments always turn into revenue, they never don't. That always happens. And so, holistically thinking about this change, it's meaningless at the end of the day. It's purely timing. It has no impact on cash flow. It has no impact on how we manage or think about the business and in the long-term, it really doesn't matter.
Douglas R. Bettinger: What I said was revenue and shipments are going to be much more closely correlated and we're going to stop guiding shipments as a result because it's not as useful as a leading indicator as it used to be. So we're not going to be talking about shipments anymore, Tim.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. Krish, I'm not going to give you the exact percentage except to say that when business ticks down a little bit, the installed base really doesn't. And so it's probably going to be a little bit higher in the September quarter but I'm not going to quantify it for you. And then relative to the -- what's going on in September by segment, we don't typically get into the detail. We do that backward-looking but not necessarily forward-looking. But what you heard both Martin and I say is relative softness in memory, so you could assume there's probably some stuff going on there.
Douglas R. Bettinger: At the end of the quarter, we were still only 60% on the way through. We need to get a little closer to the end before we'd start thinking about what's next after.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah. We're obviously going to continue the program. We talked about that. I'll remind you the Analyst Day commentary about 50% of cash, but still how we're thinking about the framework.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yeah. I don't think I've ever said, Patrick. It's really accretive. It's maybe a little bit up the operating income line but it's not wildly different. And some of the things we're doing to try to drive growth in that business are the advanced services you hear us talk about, setting objectives around growing faster than the installed base, driving new programs to help solve some of the problems customers have inside of the fab in unique ways that we know how to do given our familiarity with our own equipment.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Nothing I'd specifically point to, Tom. And business goes up, it goes down a little bit. We do have fixed costs so that's probably a piece of what's going on. But there's also a product mix, a customer mix component. There's always a lot of things that move around quarter by quarter.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. Mitch, what I'd point you to is we put out in March an update to the long-term model, kind of looking at that, looking at revenue levels, looking at where we've been in recent history and correlating the two data points, I think, is the best guidance I can give you to answer the question.
Douglas R. Bettinger: What I'd tell you relative to R&D programs is nothing is delayed. Everything is going forward at the same pace that it always has been. We're not – if there's a near-term move around in the business, we're not messing around with any of that. I think I talked maybe a year or so ago about you are going to see more variability quarter-to-quarter in our spend modulated by profit levels. Our variable compensation varies with the level of profit of the business. And so as profitably varies, spending varies along with it. And as we look at a softening in business for the quarter, we're very aggressively managing discretionary-type spending, things like travel and entertainment and whatnot just to be responsive to the level of the business. So it's a combination of all of those things.
