Tim Archer: Yes. I guess we, C.J., we are working very, very closely with all of our customers to help prioritize shipments in the order of greatest need for the customer. So you can imagine critical R&D programs, where there's a technology conversion, it requires a one of a kind tool, specific capacity bottlenecks that are critical to their factory output or delivery to specific customers of theirs. And so one of the great things about Lam having built very strong customer relationships over all these years is that we really partnered with them to understand their priorities. And we do have fair flexibility within our own operations to prioritize certain tools ahead of others for a specific customer. And so I'd say through very, very close coordination with the customers who are trying to meet their needs. It's - I guess, I would say, maybe the simple answer is, we've seen no demand disruption, no change in demand. One could say maybe that's - it's too early to see that. But we really haven't sensed in any conversation with the customers today a change in demand. So our focus is really on how to get the tools to them that they need.
Tim Archer: C.J, I mean I'll give you a little flavor of how we're running things in areas that are probably going to be a little bit of a drag on gross margin. And I won't quantify it specifically, but I'll give you some stuff to think about. Basically, what's happening is, given the need to have social distancing, we're needing to space people out further away from one another in the factory environment. And obviously, that means we can generate less output per square meter, per square foot, what have you. So essentially, what we're trying to do C.J., is moving to incremental space where we have it, take some incremental space where we have it and bring incremental people into that other space. Obviously, in an environment like that, you're doing everything you can to take care of the customer and generate revenue for that matter, but you're going to be less efficient in terms of your ability to be super-efficient on the gross margin line. Other things that are going on, as I'm sure you're aware, freight and logistics is more expensive right now. It's up a decent amount in certain areas. So we're having to spend more to get materials coming into the factory as well as giving them to customers. I'm not going to quantify it for you specifically, but the way I would want you to be thinking about it is we've been in the gross margin range over the last five, six, seven years. I think what you're going to see is, we will trend towards the lower end of where you've seen our gross margin over that time frame. I don't think we'll go below the range we've been in, but I think we will be towards the lower end, given the dynamic I described.
Tim Archer: Yes. John, I'll take you back. Our original guide was $2.8 billion, plus/minus $200 million. And we kind of realized the last couple of weeks of the quarter and our limited ability, we might end up ending below the low end of that range, and we did. So that was the impact. We came into the quarter expecting to be able to deliver $2.8 billion. And I'll remind you that as we began last quarter, we basically said, demand is actually stronger than that, but it was the beginning of things beginning to break out in Wuhan, and we knew there was going to be some supply chain impact. So that's kind of what went on there, John. Now obviously, we're getting much better at operating in this environment. We brought the factory back online. We got people back to work. We're hiring people. We're moving into incremental space. So I think we're going to be able to mitigate it better than when it just kind of fell in our lap. And based on how we believe we're going to be able to operate and get more output and execute our business continuity plans, I think revenue will be higher in June. Demand continues to be much stronger than that. This is a supply situation.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think as I commented, we're continuously seeing improvements. Most important thing that we prioritized as well as I believe our supply chain did is, first, to establish a stable source of supply and production capability at a level that clearly is less than 100%. But stability being the key. We have customers, as I mentioned, with critical projects, critical production bottlenecks. And so what we wanted to ensure that we were avoiding beyond, of course, in any way endangering employees or our supply chain partners. But beyond that was endangering somehow taking a step back and moving too fast and then having to come back and not actually build the supply at that stable level. So I think day by day, we're able to inch that stable production level up. And I think as we exit this quarter, we'll be at a higher production output capability for sure. And as Doug said, probably working off this stronger customer demand over the next several months.
Tim Archer: Yes, well, clearly, we will continue to prioritize R&D. We laid out some pretty aggressive plans, where we see really great opportunities for the Company at our Investor Day related to new system introductions, continued progress. I mentioned a couple of them today, new etch platform, new ALD progress. We will continue to fund those to the fullest that we can. We are seeing, of course, some very nice OpEx offsets. We're not traveling. And so there are elements of the expense lines that are coming down quite dramatically. So we're going to be prudent. We're not going to spend where we don't have to. A lot of discretionary spending around meetings and events and other things that kind of normally take the course of our normal business, those will not be occurring and we'll be reallocating that money to R&D and other things to ensure we come out of this stronger than we went in.
Tim Archer: Yes. I mean, they did. I mean, it's - our comment about - I mean, I guess the best way to look at it is we gave on our January call, our outlook for the year. Now we're not reiterating the year because we recognize, as Doug just said. There's a fair bit of uncertainty about how things may play out with the macroeconomic environment later. But that outlook for the year that we spoke of and the strong demand at the January call, that's the demand we're talking about being unchanged, which means through this first half of the year, the continued strength in foundry and logic, the strengthening demand in memory because recall memory under-invested, we exited the year really in a situation where we felt very good about the need to add in the demand space and also eventually in the DRAM space. And we haven't seen those plans change and that demand remains kind of at the same level it was in January. And which means that we have a full order book, and we're - really, our challenge is how to get these tools to customers. And I would say 100% of my conversation with customers right now are about how to get the tools they need to them. And I think that will continue for some period of time. And as Doug said, we will reassess after that period to see how demand is being affected.
Tim Archer: Yes, they are and they are staffed. And as I mentioned in my comments, they're operational. But just as Doug spoke to, Lam is being - our top priority is safety of our employees and others working in our labs. And so we've implemented very strict social distancing protocols, which does limit the overall number of people who can be in the lab at any given time. And so I would say we're not operating the labs clearly at our full capacity for this event. But we are operating. We're able to prioritize critical R&D programs for customers. I did mention in my comments some of these projects, they probably have taken, say, a one-month delay or maybe a two-month delay because of not only the couple of weeks we're shutdown [indiscernible], but then the restart here through the local orders and social distancing. So - but we remain focused on them, and I would say that in the long-term sense of R&D projects and how they play out over time, this is not a - it's not a major disruption to their schedules. Now, your other comment is just on how we're engaged with customers. Clearly, travel is more difficult. But one thing Lam is focused on over the years is building strength in our regions. And so we do have a lot of process engineers and hardware engineers that are deployed out into the region and engaged with customers. And in most cases, our customers have continued to operate in a way that's not dramatically changed from before. And so we're able to engage with them on-site on those critical projects.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, it's a great question. I mean, in fact, I think if we look just to last year as maybe an example, and I'm not saying who knows, I mean, the future could be different than the past. But when we saw things slow down, say, in the memory market, and I talked about the fact that memory spend was down almost 40% last year, we actually see, in those cases, customers turn to how can they get and extract the most out of the installed base they have. So we tend to see things like advanced services and upgrades actually increase during those periods. So that's the strength of our installed base business and why we're so focused on it is because we believe that it is actually one of the areas that can help you weather worse market condition. Obviously, capacity additions would fall away. But again a lot of what we're looking at are technology conversions, ongoing strategic investments from customers, a lot of the investments that we've talked about in China and other places, is very long-term and strategic. And so I don't - I think those would probably be the last places to see R&D, technology, strategic investments, those would be the least affected.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think that's a reasonable way to look at it. The other is, and maybe I thought maybe where you're going with this is, at some point, we must resolve the supply issues, otherwise, they start to affect the actual WFE that can be executed in the year. We can't pile everything up on to customers in the back half of the year as a makeup because that's not possible from our own manufacturing, shipping and also the installation and the customers' digestion of that equipment. So I don't think we're quite at that point yet, but we would be where at some point to a certain, if it couldn't be executed simply because of the supply constraints. But if things continue to progress, and as Doug said, we see the June revenue higher and us working through the backlog that I spoke to, then I don't know that we see huge issues with the constraints on WFE.
Tim Archer: But I think that the reason why we - I mean, obviously, we finally felt it was very important to disclose more details on this business is because the new system shipments and CSBG in any particular quarter are not so directly linked. That's why we like the business so much. And so I would start to recommend people not think about it as the percentage of our business as much as it is a business that we've said we would expect to grow every year. And it has multiple components that give it resiliency from the spares and upgrades and advanced services and Reliant systems. And so, I think in and of itself, maybe it does depend on the growth of the installed base, but that comes a little bit, there's a lagging time indicator there as tools have to ship. They have to go out of warranty, then they start to consume parts and upgrades and such. So I think we're disclosing it, so you can start to think about it as a business that's growing kind of on its own.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess - let me take it on. They clearly have stretched. I mean, that's what we're talking about relative to supply challenges and our own challenges. So lead times have stretched out. I don't actually want to quantify it for you on this call, though. I mean it's something - again, it's competitive reasons, but you can imagine, it's - lead times have stretched out, and that's why we're in conversation with the customers about how to get them their high priority tools closer to the original lead times that we would have originally provided.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's - the way I would think about it and maybe back to even the previous question a little bit is that each of our - we have a lot of different products. And the makeup of the supply chain for those products is not the same. And even the manufacturing facilities for those products are not all the same. And so I would say it was less about any particular customer not receiving a big chunk of tools as much as certain tools the lead time having pushed out a little bit and those tools kind of slipping out of the quarter. So certain tool types were impacted, I would say, more so than us as a result of where their supply chain was heavily concentrated.
Tim Archer: Yes, Joe, we didn't - I didn't break it down specifically. What we said was continued strength in foundry and logic. That is what we're seeing. And then some level of a recovery in NAND read that to be - last year in memory, the spending was pretty much all about just node conversions, almost no wafer capacity. And that created a situation where the rate of supply growth continued to decline through the year such that our view was it was below where demand growth was going to be in both NAND and DRAM, right? We had inventory adjusting pricing getting better, all that kind of stuff. I think the real question that's on all of our minds is, okay, what is demand going to do this year. I'm not going to wait into that one quite yet. So that's what we saw. We saw NAND beginning to tick up a little bit, probably adding a few wafers. DRAM, no. DRAM really was a continued trajectory that we saw in '19 through most of '20, maybe a little bit of an uptick. And I think we're just going to wait and see how this plays out to assess what's going to happen there. But that's what we were seeing 90 days ago. That's what we described 90 days ago.
Tim Archer: Okay, great. Let me take both of those. The - relative to Taiwan and your questions there, I think there's no story other than just timing. I mean as Doug said, we had systems impacted in that first quarter. So I don't think there's anything there. From the capacity perspective and social distancing, that was part of what Doug was speaking to. Clearly, within our factories, once we've implemented strict social distancing, we can have fewer people in the same area, I mean space. And so to that extent, our cycle time does stretch out. Some tasks take longer than they would have otherwise and so our overall capacity out of an existing space does decline from what would have been pre-COVID. Now, we're finding ways to reroute our lines and actually gain some of that capability back. But at the same time, as Doug also mentioned, we have access to additional space, and we're moving and expanding into some other areas to recapture that capacity. That takes a little bit of time, but we clearly will execute those plans. And as we see - if we see demand continuing to hold up as we would expect and we need that capacity, we will continue to grow our output.
Doug Bettinger: I'll take the first part of that. It - I'd say some of the supply challenges, they're kind of across the board, but clearly, I think most people are quite aware of the control orders that are in place in Malaysia, which is - tends to be for many equipment companies, a large subsystem supplier. Lam, we've - one of our strengths, both operationally and financially, has been a supply chain operation that allows us to do what we call merging transit. And so therefore, some of the subsystems never actually come to Lam facilities. They arrive directly at customer sites. If those don't arrive obviously, the system cannot ship complete. So it's across the board. Materials coming into our facilities, which we feel are operating quite effectively right now, but also coming out of major subsystem suppliers in places, as you noted, places like Malaysia and others. So that's…
Doug Bettinger: I hope so. Yes. I mean, we're executing our business continuity plans. It's not going to take us longer than a quarter to get those in place. I hope, and Tim can maybe comment on this as well.
Doug Bettinger: And maybe just one other comment as I was thinking while Tim talked, John. Obviously, we have a plan to execute to a number, and we know what that number is. The reason we decided not to formally provide guidance to a number is, we're just concerned things could change. This is a very dynamic and fluid situation. That's really why we decided not to give you a hard number right now.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, I know you were going to come with a question like that. I'm not going to give you a number, but demand is very strong. And I'll simply remind you, what we originally guided in March was $300 million higher than what we delivered at the end of the quarter. Demand didn't change. And I specifically mentioned the $700 plus million in deferred revenue because that's stuff that shipped, but it was an incomplete system. It wasn't a fully functional system. Obviously, that stuff is going to revenue. So there is decent upside to demand. It's just - we're in a supply situation right now that we're working our way through.
Doug Bettinger: Yes Tim, a little bit of is OpEx [ph], a little bit of it's just being prudent, right? I think every CFO in the world today is focused on liquidity and making sure you have the utmost liquidity. And I'm highly confident in the cash generation capability of the Company. But it just felt like the prudent thing to do to just kind of take a pause on the buyback, get focused on conserving cash. Hook our head up to see where end demand ends up. I do think at the end of the day, there will be some demand disruption. We're not seeing anything from customers yet. But when I look at the consumer-facing semiconductor companies, their business is beginning to be impacted. So I just - I want to get a little more time behind us, Tim, and assess what might actually this look like at the end of the day. And just trying to be prudent with the cash right now is all.
Doug Bettinger: And just maybe one incremental comment for me, Harlan. I mean, our customers are investing in very long lead time items. I wouldn't have expected anything to change. We're just monitoring and trying to be cautious about, obviously anything that is a consumer-facing business at the end of the day isn't going to be as strong. We haven't seen anything move through from our customers yet, but we're just - we're trying to be aware of what's going on the environment, I think, is how I'm thinking about how Tim is thinking funny [ph].
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I'll give you a little color, Krish. Yes, 32% in the China region, a little bit over half of that local Chinese customers. Maybe like 60% might be a reasonable way to think about it local versus the global multinationals. We've got a broad-based set of customers in China, NAND, DRAM, foundry. So it isn't one or the other, Krish. It's broad across all of that spectrum. This is the way you should think about it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. We were debating how much to say about this. I mean, we came into the year expecting the beginning of memory recovery, continued strength in foundry and logic, all of that is still how I see things, how we see things, I think. But I think it would be remiss to just come in and tell you, it's exactly the same as it was a quarter ago. Something is going to get softer, although we're not seeing it yet, honestly, from what we're hearing from customers. To quantify it, I don't know, kind of hard. We said mid-high-50s, 90 days ago, probably low mid-50s might not be an unreasonable way to think about it right now. I do think we're going to see softness at some point and things that are facing the consumer. I don't know. Tim, anything else you'd…
Doug Bettinger: That's a hard one, Vivek. I mean, what I see happening over a multi-year time frame is the equipment stuff has a little bit more volatility to it and sometimes can accelerate in which case - I mean, installed base business is just kind of a slow and steady grower in some ways along with the installed base. So a lot of stability there. I think as total revenues tick up, probably equipment will pick up a little bit more quickly, at least over the next couple of quarters, I hope. And so the percent would go down, but it will ebb and flow. I mean, historically, how I've described it as 25% to 30%. And obviously, if you do the math on what we just saw, it's more than 30%.
Doug Bettinger: Yes and Atif, what we've said about local China WFE is that in 2019, it was a little bit above $6 billion or above $6 million, and we expected an incremental $2 million to $3 million. Still kind of how I think about it, obviously. I don't know that a whole lot has changed in that regard.
Doug Bettinger: I don't know that there's any unique geographic distribution between what wasn't able to be supplied versus what we did ship. Nothing is in my head, Sidney, to give you an answer that said [indiscernible].
Doug Bettinger: Yes. The trajectory of growth was declining as we exited last year, and that continues into the first half of this year and the second half will depend on the investments that occur. So maybe something to think about Sidney.
Doug Bettinger: I don't know that it would have grown as a percent, Joe. I mean, the supply issue was across every geography, quite honestly. So if you think in percentage terms, I don't know that would have been all that different. Everything had challenges around supply. And then just to frame what we see going on in local China, again, we expected - not expected. Last year was a little above $6 billion, and we saw an incremental $2 billion to $3 billion in China, and that's still pretty much what we see from local China in terms of WFE - that was a statement of WFE.
