Ernest E. Maddock: Thank you, Shanye, and good afternoon, everyone. Before I begin my prepared remarks, I'd like to add a few words to the press release announcing my planned departure from the company in April. First, I'd like to convey how much I've enjoyed working with each of you since my appointment in the CFO role in September 2008 and that I look forward to continuing to do so in the next couple of months. I also appreciate the experience of being part of a values-based management team that puts customers first, and I'm committed to ensure a smooth and orderly transition to my successor. Now on to business. The December quarter results reflect a solid finish to our calendar year as we met or exceeded the midpoints of our guidance in all areas. Total shipments were $803 million, down 14% sequentially. Approximately 78% of our system shipments were for applications at the sub-4X technology node and by segment breakdown as follows: foundry shipments accounted for 51% of total system shipments; the memory segment accounted for 20% of total system shipments, which includes NAND at 11% and DRAM at 9%; comprising the remainder were logic and other at 29%. Revenue in the December quarter was $861 million, down 5% from the prior quarter. Non-GAAP gross margin was 44.2%, down just 20 basis points from the prior quarter, reflecting favorability in our product mix, complemented by our continued focus on operational execution. Non-GAAP operating expenses for the quarter were approximately $281 million, down $3 million from September and in line with our expectations of synergy achievement. We remain focused on our integration efforts and are making strong headway towards achieving our cost-related synergy targets of $100 million. Two key elements of this achievement are the transition to a single ERP system and the completion of activities related to supply chain rationalization, and in the December quarter, we made significant progress in both areas. This progress will pave the way for the remaining $60 million of annualized run rate operating expense and cost of goods sold synergies, which we've committed by the end of calendar year '13. Although Martin will be providing March quarter guidance in a few minutes, it's worth noting that the March quarter of 2013 will see both an extra week of operating expenses together with our normal seasonal increase in employer taxes, which represent approximately $10 million. Back to December, non-GAAP operating income was $99 million, and non-GAAP operating margin was 11.5%, slightly above the midpoint of our guidance range. Our non-GAAP tax rate for the quarter was 17.3% compared to 16.3% in the prior quarter. With the extension of the federal R&D tax credit earlier this month, we would now expect our tax rate for the fiscal year to be in the low double digits. Under this scenario, we expect a March quarter non-GAAP tax rate near 0% and a June quarter non-GAAP tax rate in the low single-digit range. Based on a share count of approximately 173 million shares, non-GAAP earnings per share for the December quarter were $0.45. Moving to the balance sheet. We ended the quarter with cash and short-term investments, including restricted cash, of $2.7 billion in total versus $2.9 billion for the September quarter, with our cash generation again being exceeded by our ongoing share repurchase program. Approximately 40% of the December ending cash balance was onshore. DSO and inventory turns for the December quarter were both slightly improved at 62 days and 4.1 turns, respectively. We ended the quarter with deferred revenue of $282 million, excluding approximately $46 million in shipments to Japanese customers that will revenue in future quarters. Cash from operation was $193 million, or 22% of revenue, in the December quarter, and combined company noncash expense include, among other items, $24 million for equity compensation, $44 million for amortization and $34 million for depreciation. Capital expenditures were $39 million, and we exited the quarter with approximately 6,600 regular, full-time employees. In closing, I want to provide an update on our share repurchase activity during the December quarter. We bought back around 10 million shares of common stock for approximately $354 million at an average price of $34.74 per share. For the full calendar year 2012, we've repurchased nearly $1.4 billion at an average price of $35.74. We've continued to execute our share repurchase program subsequent to the close of the December quarter and, as of today, have approximately $100 million of the authorization remaining. Consistent with our comments on our analyst meeting, we will provide a further update on our capital deployment strategy once we have completed the current authorization. With that, I'll now turn it over to Martin.
Ernest E. Maddock: Terence, this is Ernie. You're going to probably see something like 80% -- 75% to 80% COGS and 20% to 25% OpEx over that remainder of work that's yet to be completed over the course of this calendar year.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, probably. I am -- I was -- everyone in the room's looking at me going, "What are you saying?" and now I know why. Yes, so we're typically in the 75% range, 80% range as a baseline for conductor etch. So 70% to 80% is probably a decent range to be thinking of.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, it does. However, I would hasten to point out that we were really clear on our Analyst Day presentation that, that was not a 2013 forecast and that presumes, for example, the disposition of the Peter Wolters business as well as some incremental share gains. So as it turns out, all the great news that Martin has shared may actually allow all that to come true in 2013, which would be a little earlier than we thought. But in general, and we have taken a look at our progress vis-à-vis our model, and we're pretty happy with where we stand in light of what we shared with you back in November.
Ernest E. Maddock: Yes, I mean, one, I think you need to think about the overall shipment number in total, and we're dealing with a percentage. And so given the incremental lack of representation from the memory segment, that also will have the effect of making the foundry segment appear a little bit larger than it had. And then we had a pretty strong representation from the other logic segment. And so at the end of the day, it was a combination of those 3 things.
Ernest E. Maddock: For calendar Q1, we would expect to see probably a little bit stronger representation from the memory segments, continued strong showing in the foundry world and then the logic and other segment perhaps dropping back to more normalized levels.
Ernest E. Maddock: Now, Patrick, as we've talked about before, obviously the supply chain work has most impacted the cost of goods sold. The ERP integration is going to enable the remainder of the operating expense synergies. So for sure, there are a number of other smaller projects with other milestones, but it's hard to think of any more that approach that scope and scale and impact.
Ernest E. Maddock: So Satya, this is Ernie. I tried to give you as much color on that as I could in my comments when I suggested that given that the company had an extra week of -- week's worth of OpEx in the March quarter, so we literally have a 13-week quarter or a 14-week quarter, plus you have the normal seasonality of payroll taxes. That's a $10 million lump for a company that is the size, scope and scale of the new Lam. And I'll -- Martin will provide commentary on the customer agreements, but if you look at the gross margin performance vis-à-vis the revenue decline, actually I think it does speak to the continued work we're doing on the synergy activities as well as some amount of benefit gain from the factory. So my view would be that the gross margin performance in the March quarter is pretty consistent with the ebb and flow of the business and the customers and the products. And so we're actually pretty, pretty pleased with that.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think to your point, they're obviously very unconnected variables. I guess if there is a connection, it would be a macro. But that aside, our view is that if you believe in the $30 billion baseline that we've talked about, we would expect a 45-55 split in the calendar year. So I think in the foundry space, the commentary from TSMC in the public domain is exactly as you articulated. My expectation is that a broader foundry participation exists in the second half of the year. But first half, second half, overall, we're assuming 45-55. And by segment, I'd assume DRAM is about 50-50. The foundry world, all in, is probably 50-50 with every participant, and the world of flash looks more like a 30-70 kind of split. So it's a very kind of diverse, segment-based progression in the year, and we're kind of focused on execution independent of that, frankly.
Martin B. Anstice: Our aspirations extend beyond our penetration. That's a fair statement. We owe respect to a lot of our customers. And as you might expect, answering a very specific like -- a question like that is kind of one of them. So we're focused on building upon the momentum we have clearly established. We're excited about the opportunities. At the end of the day, we have tough competition, and we have to execute well. But I think calendar '13 is a very instrumental year relative to the position that we've established.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, we're not assuming, frankly, an immense proportion of investments directed to 3D NAND production. We clearly are expecting some in the second half, and that's important in terms of the size of the opportunity and the share growth that we believe we are targeting. But the inflection points even for the most ambition -- ambitious customers in the transition will only kind of show evidence of traction on spending towards the end of the calendar year. So -- and I think, just giving you maybe a little bit more data beyond the comment I made to Jim's question, we do see some evidence that there's a little bit more of a bias to conversions today in the calendar year than we previously anticipated, and our assumption remains that there's about 115,000 wafer starts of new capacity added in NAND this year and about 500,000 wafer starts of conversion. And that kind of delves [ph] it to the original plan of record that we had. It's probably about $0.5 billion. I'm not sure it's that material in the scheme of things, but that's the kind of essence of our outlook today.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm going to substitute the word probably for definitely. It's a big deal to make any change, and one of the scale and scope with a customer is very significant. I did speak to the fact that this was a conductor penetration. The reason I believe the penetration was successful is because a lot of people worked very hard over a long period of time. I believe we have technical deference -- differentiation that's valued and recognized by the customer. And in a very important phase of delivering that, we executed very well, and our challenge and our opportunity is to continue to execute very well. And I believe that if we do that, we will hopefully have opportunities ahead of us.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, that's a really interesting question, and thank you for your comments at the beginning there. There are clearly opportunities in front of us still in the 20-nanometer transition. But frankly speaking, and I think this is kind of true for everybody, because the next transition in foundry to the FinFET structure is such a significant one, if the customer can find any way possible to retain their 28-nanometer selection, they're biased to do that, and that's something that affects us all as equipment companies. And I believe that will continue to play out as a fairly dominant reality there. There are opportunities to displace other people, to grow. There are also risks. And from my perspective, it will be defined around execution, and it will be defined around kind of productivity. I think the focus of the customer when they happen, the full spectrum of challenges in front of them with a FinFET adoption is going to clearly bias more stability in share in 28 to 20 has been significant swing [ph] . We're really focused for the reasons we talked about in our analyst call on the significant inflections, including the FinFET. And that is one of the things in the mix of the 3% to 5% share gain in etch that we talked about as a long-term objective. And although perhaps a little discounted to the average because of the dominance of lithography investments in logic, the investments in patterning as a market is something that affords the company opportunity as well.
Martin B. Anstice: They're very slight, but I don't think that's particularly relevant, with due respect, because the cycle time, the lead time now between a purchase order and the additional capacity is so short. A second half ramp will be kind of bookings towards the end of the first half of this year. So that will be the reality. That is the reality for all of us. And I think the best I can offer you is the commentary around demand, which, in the areas of the smartphone, the mobile space generally, the SSD road map, the kind of server and cloud space, there are some decent catalysts of demand in NAND flash and the supply is really tight. We ended calendar '12 with about the tightest balance of supply and demand that we believe has existed in several years, and I think that should give folks confidence that unless there's a very significant input in terms of technical challenge or macros, the investment will kind of play out or, frankly, the big growth that's necessary to support some of this road map, we believe, won't be available.
Martin B. Anstice: That's getting awfully specific about the plans of the second of the foundries. I would say you should assume there is a lot of credence in kind of 2 public inputs. One of them is the input from TSMC around the speed of ramping that they expect in 20 nanometer. And the public commentary from the fabless community, which tends to speak to an interest in having multiple supply alternatives. So I guess that's the best I can give you in terms of response there.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm probably -- I'll give -- I mean, I'll give you a general answer, which is I think a lot of the specifics are going to deal with the patterning consequences in that transition. I mean, clearly, the importance of etch in the formation of the transistor is going up, which would tend to suggest that the complexity is increasing and process times, if anything, will get longer. So that will kind of feed into answering your question. And I do believe there's incremental growth for the company in the FinFET transition. I don't believe that increment is quite as great as the increments we saw from 40 to 28 with high-k/metal gate or 28 to 20, but we will see. I mean, I think there's still a lot of unanswered questions there.
Martin B. Anstice: So I believe our shipped market share exiting 2012 was in the kind of high 40s range, and you've heard us talk about kind of 3 to 5 percentage points as a long-term growth objective. And while specifically, the position that you just referred to is not a prerequisite to execute that, it certainly helps us manage risk, and it certainly helps us kind of get to the high end of the range in the plans that we have.
Martin B. Anstice: So at an application level, the comment I would add is image sensors, kind of server as well as kind of general microprocessor, there was -- that's the composition of that segment. So the image sensor space was definitely kind of a decent component.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I don't know if I can directly answer it, but you should -- I think you're smart enough to kind of understand the timing differences between shipments and revenues, and the shipment is the best correlation to the timing of WFE. So certainly, it's going to be kind of closer to that than the 45-55 baseline, but it's frankly highly dependent on the timing of shipments within a quarter. The difference between a first month-biased shipment quarter and a last month shipment quarter is significant in terms of answering the question that you're asking. But making an assumption that there's a one-quarter delay on average between a shipment event and a revenue event is not an unreasonable baseline.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think the consistency is hopefully loud and clear. Our primary investment bias is in the profitable growth of this company. And to the extent that we have cash that is excess to that need, then we review all options available to us in terms of distribution. But beyond that, frankly nothing to say until we're done with the authorization in place.
Martin B. Anstice: My assumption is a little bit economic still. But presumably kind of at the end of the day, the form factor requirements of the device are kind of part of answering your question as well. And for the company, we're very pleased about the positioning of the company in that application area. It is early days in terms of the size of that marketplace. I don't know if the TSV-specific SAM is going to be much more, about $100 million of WFE, this year, but that's 70% expansion year-over-year. So it's an important component of growth opportunity. It's a very important inflection. But in relative terms, it's still early days.
Martin B. Anstice: I'd say always. I mean, the patterning environment generally is a perpetually expanding marketplace. And as we articulated, the spending concentration in the leading foundry space and logic space is significant. So yes, each and every day we show up to work, the answer to that question is yes.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, we are in the very early stages of kind of developing the plans, and, frankly, there is a very obvious competitive consequence to saying too much on this call. But I am optimistic that the types of things that are available to one of my competitors as a result of their acquisition is available to us in terms of joint development activity. So we're going to work hard to make that possible, and I think we're pretty excited about developing opportunities and plans in the weeks and months ahead.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, our comments include our best understanding of available capacity and current utilization, correct.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know if I'd make a big connection between those 2 things. I think the kind of dominant answer to the DRAM investment is the PC. We've gotten kind of maybe a little bit more conservative on the PC in the last 2 months, having been kind of maybe articulating a view of neutral to slightly up to being kind of neutral to slightly down. I think that's kind of the overwhelming tribe [ph] . But, I mean, there are some kind of nice headlines in terms of mobile-related DRAM growth, and the non-PC proportion of DRAM is very important. But I think the catalyst for investments in terms of capacity addition is going to be tied to the PC story.
Martin B. Anstice: We're usually in the kind of, I would say, maybe 85% to 95% range is probably like our history. I wasn't really kind of trying to focus too much on the number, more focused on the qualitative commentary of the strength of the differentiation: is there evidenced by an overwhelmingly successful kind of defense? And so one of the questions that was asked a little earlier around spending profile in the company, our focus is on our offense. We clearly have to defend effectively. We don't defend everything. We never do. But on average, if we defend more than we don't and win more of our penetrations than others, then the share of the company goes up. And that's the plan, and that's why we stand committed to our 3% to 5% long-term goal.
Martin B. Anstice: I was going to be really cute and say the consistent theme is we weren't good enough or someone else was better. But I guess what I would tend to conclude as a summary here is that a big part of the focus of the company, a big part of the strength of the company has been in and around the more critical applications in the fab. And so when we do have a defense exposure, it's much more likely to be in a noncritical space. And there's a reason why the commercial dialogue becomes more relevant there. But in the long term, our belief is still the same today as it was 5 years ago or 10 years ago, that if we focus on critical applications, our cycles of learning will be greater than anybody else's, and we will continue to be able to succeed to the ambition we're speaking to.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I'm kind of sorry I can't share too much with you. It's a production tool. So that means it's part of an active production buy.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, as much as Ernie is a tremendously important component to our company, there is no relationship to a decision on capital structure and whether he is here or someone else is here. I mean, we don't want to kind of dump a surprise on somebody, but we're not going to do that. So we will, as a company, make the right decision at the right time with support from our board of directors independent of individuals and individual transitions.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, the operating -- the answer to the question is yes, I think you'll see it in the financial model. We certainly will see it in that we have more access to information, I guess. But the commentary from Ernie at the analyst meeting, which we repeated again today, speaks to the leverage in the company, the operating expense levels in the company, the targeted profitability levels in the company. So I -- you shouldn't be kind of like separating the 2 conversations. They're part of the same.
Martin B. Anstice: We have an active search today. We have a really talented finance organization and a great team and we're blessed with that, but we have decided, given the scale and scope of the company and our needs, an active search is an appropriate conclusion.
