Doug Bettinger: Yes, I’ll answer it and then I’ll let Tim add on. John, I’m not going to get into the habit every quarter of giving a precise quantification except to tell you the majority in the December quarter was from domestic China. And that’s been the case the last couple of quarters. And the reason I’ve been mentioning that over the last couple of quarters is it’s different than the last several years have been where the majority has actually come from the global multinationals. Then your question relative to how we’re looking into 2020 in China, I think 2019 probably finished with WFE from the local China customers a little bit above $6 billion, something like that and it’s growing in 2020. And as we look into 2020, I think John probably it’s up $2 billion to $3 billion is my best guess from local China. And that spending is broad based; it’s NAND, it’s DRAM, it’s foundry and logic. So it’s not one or the other. It’s broad based settled [ph] for customer spending. Tim, you want to add anything.
Doug Bettinger: John, the only thing I would add, as you think about wallet share of WFE going into 2020, I think you know our SAM and share in NAND is very good. And clearly 2020 in our view is going to be a stronger investment period for the NAND industry as we’ve seen kind of pricing and profitability stabilize. So our share of wallet actually in addition to the EUV commentary Tim had is actually going to have a tailwind from the fact that NAND spending I think will be stronger.
Doug Bettinger: So I’ll take the last one. It wasn’t quite that high, C.J., but it was comfortably above 30 in 2019, I’ll give you that much.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, so you got it exactly right what we said. We exited the year well below the long-term demand trend. And actually even with the guidance we’ve just given, we actually see ourselves under growing long-term demand this year in terms of bit supply growth both in NAND and in DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: Atif, the color I’d give you is again what I’ve already said is I think it’s an uptick in NAND investment. Our SAM and NAND is really strong. Our share in NAND is really strong. And so to the extent that NAND is driving an uptick in WFE, Lam will do really well. And you’ve seen that over the years in times when memory is spending more, we do real well and when it’s going to other way, we do less well. You should expect the same thing. I’m not going to quantify it for you whether history is a good indicator, I’m not completely sure. But I’ll be very disappointed if we don’t outperform this year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, all I would add is, is one of the reasons you’ve heard us talk a lot more about specialty technologies and some of the products that we introduced in 2019 really focusing on heterogeneous integration and advanced packaging and MRAM and the image sensors was because many of those items are somewhat growing year-by-year from applications that are a little bit decoupled from the larger WFE cycle. And so again even last year’s WFE was down, we were setting records in what we kind of prefer to as our specialty technologies business which is primarily served by the Reliant tools.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I think that it’s going to be a little bit of a first half weighted year really driven by foundry and logic. I think memory spending is going to be pretty steady through the year, but I think foundry’s probably a little bit first half weighted.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I’ll give you little color. The best indicator of how it’s growing is just chamber count, because that really is what drives the business opportunity. Having said that, we’re doing a lot of innovative things around advanced service offerings in different ways to deliver value to customers that drives our objective, Vivek, at the end of the day to have dollars grow faster than just the growth in chamber count. And if you come see us in March, we’ll probably give you a little more color around what this business looks like.
Doug Bettinger: No, there’s nothing specific to gross margin by segment that you should be thinking about. It varies with customer mix, it varies with product mix and then overall business volumes is what I think I’ve said every single quarter that I’ve been at the company, it’s the same language. So there isn’t anything specific by segment.
Doug Bettinger: If you look at what we’ve done over the longer term, we’ve let spending grow at a rate less than the top line has grown over the last, I don’t know, since we brought the two companies together. And I think you’re going to see us thinking that same way as we see a stronger year in front of us. And again, come see us in March I’ve give you an updated financial model as well.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I’m not going to get into kind of telling you quarter-by-quarter what it is, but I’ll remind you what I said earlier. I think it grows $2 billion to $3 billion of a base of 6-ish – going a little above 6 for the year. It will lumpy. Tim, you know how this goes. There’s a project that takes tools, then has to ramp it for a while and digest it, then something else kicks in. I’m not going to give you exact color around – on the March guide, but I think it will be a good year for local China this year.
Doug Bettinger: Patrick, I’m actually going to redirect it to Tim because I think he’ll give you a more comprehensive answer than I would.
Doug Bettinger: Joe, are you still there? Sorry, you broke up at the end. Okay. There’s plenty of space out there in the industry for sure across all of the customer base. And so what I always say is – in fact I think I don’t know a quarter or two ago we talked about the fact that we were tracking double-digit number of new fabs in 2019. I think the number’s probably about the same in 2020, a lot of those being memory fabs. The thing to understand with our customers is building the shell is – it’s a cheap call option on the future, right. It doesn’t mean we’re going to equip it tomorrow, but it does indicate to you a long-term intention. And then they buy equipment when they really need the output. That’s where the real money and capital gets deployed. But there’s plenty of clean room space out there.
Doug Bettinger: Joe, the way I generally think about it is the chambers ship and then they monetize over a period of time after they ship. And so the fact that you saw chambers grow in 2019, that’s a good indicator of what’s going to drive growth in 2020. That’s how I generally think about it. There’s a little bit of a lag to it after the chamber count, which is why historically we’ve given you a chamber count number one time a year at the end of the year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, I kind of answered that already. I kind of didn’t answer it in how I answered it. But what I said was that I’ll give you a new financial model in March. And what I said is over the last several years the same management team is here that’s been around the company for a while. We like to see revenue grow faster than we want to let spending grow so that we deliver some leverage to the bottom line. That’s still very much how we think about it.
Doug Bettinger: I’ll take the first one and then I’ll let Tim comment on the share. I don’t really see when I look at the WFE, the color that we just gave you, a real recovery in NAND I wouldn’t describe it that way – sorry, in DRAM. But clearly in NAND, yes. Foundry and logic continue to be strong. DRAM is kind of push in plus or minus. And what we see happening is there’s still a little bit of inventory out in the channel. It’s got to get burned off. And at some point you can’t continue to sustain supply growth below where demand growth is. And when we look at DRAM bit growth, we think supply growth in 2020 is below demand growth.
Doug Bettinger: Your comment about NAND, I guess when we think about share or share of total spend, one of the things we’ve talked about is the strength for us in NAND obviously is that we are – and our tools are key enablers of building taller and taller NAND stacks. And as those stacks increase, our share of total WFE continues to increase. And so given that year-on-year we continue to see a greater portion of spend being spent on taller NAND devices, our share of total spend will increase.
Doug Bettinger: I’m not going to describe those specific dollars. It was an amount that we think is consistent with what we’re hearing from customers and suppliers.
Doug Bettinger: You know we’re not going to answer that. Even I don’t know what '21 is. When I think about it though, the long-term growth drivers are totally intact. We’ve been talking about this for years, right. You got data exploding in society. You got crowd and hyperscale, the Big 7 what have you investing in more in equipment this year, that’s good. You’ve got 5G on the come line, that’s good. You’ve got density growing there in every phone. So the long term is really very positive for the industry and our position in the industry enabling it we feel really good about where we’re sitting.
Doug Bettinger: Sidney, you know we never give you segment by segment WFE numbers and I’m not going to now. It is going to grow this year. And as Time described, we think bit growth in NAND is in the first half anyway below where long-term demand is and probably exiting the year it’s getting closer to being in balance. But we still think it’s below where demand growth is. I’m going to leave it at that.
Doug Bettinger: We’ve got nice trajectory rather than what’s going on in foundry and logic. We had a really strong December quarter, record level in foundry. I expect our share of WFE in both foundry and logic to continue to be very strong. I’m not going to pinpoint exactly what it is versus memory because we’re very strong in memory as well. I feel really good about where we’re positioned, I’ll just put it that way.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think that – we’ve talked about EUV a number of times. And so I guess maybe I’ll just repeat a few things I said and maybe add a couple of comments. In general, what we’ve said is that technology transitions themselves are very good for Lam. We have highlighted a number of times that Lam’s served market actually grows at each technology node within foundry/logic even with the introduction of EUV. So really what we want is we want the market and our customers to be able to keep moving their technologies forward. Specific to patterning as you move from say 7 to 5 nanometer, even in the case of EUV what you’re starting to see is, is the increased use of more high-quality hard masks moving away from spin on dielectrics towards deposition metals like PECVD where Lam has a very strong position. And so in many cases, our SAM is actually increasing because we’re pulling in applications that before were actually done with older processes and now they’re coming into a more critical space. And so with that, we see SAM increase and therefore even with the EUV we see a growing market for ourselves. Doug talked about highest dollars from foundry and logic and that’s just I think further evidence, because we’re seeing technology investments right now at those EUV nodes. Now as far as the leading indicator, John, what we said is that EUV is obviously – those shipments are signs of these more complex technology nodes and again our SAM grows, so opportunity grows.
Tim Archer: Okay, C.J., great questions. I don’t think we’re going to give you the exact breakout, but I think we’ve characterized it as – maybe you can look back to what we said as we were exiting last year. What we said was that we were seeing very strong spending in foundry/logic and that we were just starting to see the early signs of improvement in NAND and we felt that DRAM would come after the NAND market had improved. And so I think what you’re seeing in our outlook for 2020 is that starting to play out. Except for again sustained strong spending in foundry and logic, certainly the emphasis on sustained and a strong uptick in NAND spending which as Doug just commented is a significant tailwind for us in terms of our SAM as a percent of WFE. Relative to DRAM, I think we characterized last year primarily as the technology investment year with very little capacity additions. And I would say that in general our outlook at this year is that that doesn’t change much at least until much later in the year. So I’d say primarily sustained strong foundry and logic and a strong uptick in NAND.
Tim Archer: I think that we’re very confident. We’ve said that because of the growing installed base, the overall customer support business grows every year. How it grows each year I’ve talked a little bit about that dynamic where depending on where you are in kind of utilization and spending and customers will spend on different things. I highlighted a very strong year for us in 2019 on productivity upgrades which is – one of the things customers do when they’re looking to squeeze a little bit more out of the assets they already have in their fabs and we saw a lot of that last year. I think that as you transition now to a very busy year and customers ramping aggressively, then you’ll find yourself much more in this comparison and some of the value-added services part. But in general, given the dynamics with our market and our product portfolio, we feel very confident about its ability to grow year-on-year with the installed base.
Tim Archer: I don’t think we’ve really broken it out. In fact, I don’t know that I could even really speak to a material difference in lead times. I guess if I caught your question, it was does a conversion have approximately the same lead time for the upgrade to take place and the product to be called? If that was the question, I would say they’re not dramatically different in terms of cycle time.
Tim Archer: Yes, we’ve put that in the logic and other space. And what Doug indicated is we expect foundry and logic to grow '19 to '20. I don’t know the exact image sensor number, so I can’t answer your exact question. It’s a secular grower for sure. But in the grand scheme of how big foundry and logic is, it’s actually not all that big. But it is something we do really, really well in, in terms of the TSV aspect of image sensors.
Tim Archer: And so I think you can continue to see us focus in those areas because they’re places where our technology plays very well. And as Doug said, we can by bringing the right technology and cost point we can really gain quite a large portion of that market.
Tim Archer: Yes, I think it stems, as Doug said, from pretty extensive conversations with customers. One of the nice things about this business is that we have developed very deep relationships with customers and they’re just as interested in having us deliver the technology they need on time. And so I think it’s pretty open sharing about when tools are needed when the ramp is going to occur. So that factors quite a bit into the calculation.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I think the only thing I’d add, I made comments about the productivity upgrades and solutions a part of that business. It’s – obviously every customer is driving to reduce their running cost in their fabs. And so between upgrades for existing tools as well as new really data-enabled services that we offer to help recover tools more quickly with less labor and with a higher probability of first-time right. That part of the business is actually growing very fast and I think has the ability just as it did the past year of growing 30% year-on-year the ability to outgrow the installed base. And so we’re investing in that area.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess I’ll take that one, Tim. We’ve answered this a couple of times. We see no indication that the China buys are pull-ins. There appear to be solid plans behind what they are trying to do and every tool we ship they’re trying to ramp as quickly as they can. So I really don’t think that plays into it. Having said that, we are watching what’s going on with the talk about regulatory controls, but at this point no details that we could even really comment on.
Tim Archer: Yes. So Doug made a comment about the demand being pretty broad based. We are seeing – and again, just sort of think about what’s great about our market right is the breadth of driver – end market drivers. There’s a lot of IoT in specialty technologies whether it be automotive, power devices, image sensors, you kind of see all of that being – people in China trying to address that end demand. And so it’s not isolated to any one thing. Clearly the uptick in memory has outsized importance for Lam’s revenue and basically we watch very closely what happens especially in the NAND and DRAM areas. But really our outlook and the $2 billion to $3 billion increase that Doug talked about in 2020 is pretty broad based across quite a number of customers.
Tim Archer: Yes. That’s still the way we look at it. And our comment as you just said we were quite a bit below that at this point, that was part of our commentary as I said through last year we were actually under investing for long-term demand. That long-term demand is what establishes our $70 billion five-year investment. And even this year as we see a strong uptick in NAND, we still as we said expect ourselves to enter the year maybe slightly still below the long-term demand rate.
Tim Archer: Yes, Doug can certainly add something there, but I think we have seen that transition and it’s not just something that’s happened to us. It’s been a strategy we’ve been driving to try to make this business less transactional and much more value add and also much more long term. And I talked in my script about one way in which we do it. You transition the transactional to longer term through multiyear contracts. Even there you’re able to help the customer control their costs in a much more predictable way and that gives us better visibility going forward, makes the business a little less transactional. But I think the biggest way that we’ve transitioned this business from transactional to strategic is really through our focus on new products in the portfolio of services and upgrades that allow the customer to change the cost profile of running their install base. And so in that way you can make this much more strategic. I talked about the Corvus R technology, the self-maintaining tool where the system itself replaces some of its consumable parts rather than having to have technicians going and do that work. When we engineer that type of new upgrade, we then would create for yourself an entire new SAM within your installed base. And now as customers recognize the value of that automated replacement system, they go and they upgrade to all of those older tools that are in the installed base, and it creates another source of ongoing revenue for us. And in the meantime we’re looking for that next upgrade to engineer and offer to the customers. And so I think it’s becoming much more of a product and strategically focused business. It just happens that its targeted market is the installed base we’ve already shipped.
Tim Archer: Yes, it already is expanding into other markets. The only difference being again with ALD you’re essentially creating a deposition technology, a platform and that’s one thing that Lam is very good at is we’re creating high-productivity platforms. And then we expand the portfolio of films that we can deposit and that creates more application opportunities for us. As I talked about oxides and carbides, there are other films that are also being developed same time. And I think that ultimately every device type reaches a point where it needs to do some level of atomic layer processing. And so the long term I think this is just where the technology is going and that’s why you see ALD starting to replace, as I said, some older process alternatives for certain steps.
Tim Archer: Yes, I guess the only thing I’d add. I thought perhaps you were going to ask about the importance of clean room space and I was going to be able to tell you that that’s one of the things that we focus on. You might have understood in the past from past commentary that a benefit of some of our products, like the Strata and why it’s popular within the NAND market is the number of wafers that we output from that tool per square meter of fab space that consumed is actually the best in the industry. That’s an important metric. Even when Doug says there’s lots of fab space, which I certainly agree with, how they use it is always important to the customer. And so again as we think through platform, design and launching new tools what we call footprint density or throughput density is really one of the key metrics that we focus on.
Tim Archer: And I think a little bit longer term and also relative to clearing the inventory. We’ve been very encouraged by comments we’ve heard about what we understand are drivers for DRAM; the growth in the server market, the introduction of 5G where you’re seeing pretty substantial step up in terms of DRAM content per handset. And so it’s – and I think Doug said this in the past, but even for DRAM a little bit more matter of when, not if. So I think it’s just – right now we have, as you said, maybe about a push for the outlook that we have just given you.
Tim Archer: I think very specifically I think most people are aware of the travel restrictions have been placed on travel in and out of Wuhan. And so obviously you can’t travel into that area where there are some customers located. But in general I think that as Doug said, we’re moving to the Lunar New Year which now has been extended and got abundance of caution Lam is also implemented travel restrictions for our people to kind of business critical situations only. And I think from the standpoint of impact and the way we’ve looked at it is there could be delays of a few weeks in supply chain or shipments to customers and we don’t see that as any real change though to the demand picture that we’ve outlined and therefore we’re really talking about just hopefully seeing this normalize over the next few weeks.
Tim Archer: Well, I think the simplest way to think about it, as a company our objective is to improve our revenue share of WFE across all segments.
