Martin Anstice: That’s a very precise question, CJ, each and every year. So, I mean, I think the headlines that you have just highlighted with your question is that where at an inflection relative to the economics of DRAM in two respects, one of them is the cost of the investments it costs more for bit density today than it did 5 years ago. But on the other side of that coin, the value proposition associated with what our customers are selling and what they are ultimately getting paid for those devices is dramatically different as well and to the point that we tried to make in our investor meeting, while it’s true to say that our customers have never spent more money, it’s also true to say that in many respects they have never spent a smaller proportion of their profits. And so when we look at bit density per wafer out, it is obviously lower today than it was 5 years ago, but pricing stability in DRAM appears there. Profits for sure are healthy in the memory community. Last time, I looked most of our customers were reporting 40% to 50% operating income levels. And I think when we look at the spending, the best of our ability is to figure out, CJ, it looks disciplined, it looks balanced and it looks healthy in the context of how customers are executing with a prudent investment in additions and significant investment in conversions.
Martin Anstice: I think on the seasonality components of the question, one of the themes of the investor meeting was the irony of consolidating kind of customer base, but a more diversified demand portfolio. And in transitions away from kind of simple units to a density and the role that enterprise and clouds and data center has in the construct of this marketplace, I am not sure any of us would agree what the headlines of seasonality are. I am not sure I could articulate as the guidance only being in this industry close 20 years I wouldn’t be able to describe to you what seasonality is today, because it’s a dramatically different profile of demand for IC and the discipline of our customers is very different today than it was 10 years ago.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean the foundry headline for company is awesome. I mean it could be better, it can more awesome, but we have made a significant amount of progress in the last of couple years and I talked about in my compared comments that’s not only do I think we have foundational strengths from the memory presence in the company, but the diversification of foundry and logic is the strength, but perhaps it’s a little underappreciated. The objective we have running the company is to ship products to customers when they ask for them not early, not late and so when you see these quarterly kind of movements it really is nothing more than a customer’s request. And frankly I mean we would love to live in the world of perfectly calm and predictable and unknown variable world if we don’t, so we do the best we can to ship to customers when they ask for it. So there really is no headline associated with the 10% number that you referred to for the foundry other than that just happened to be the schedule of the customers request compared in contrast with December and compared to contrast with the June quarter. So the strength what we characterized is real we believe sustainable and we are working hard to make it even more valuable going forward.
Martin Anstice: Yes. Actually, I think our expectation today is almost exactly the same to the expectation that we started the year with, maybe even had almost a year ago. I mean we believe in the vision that’s being articulated and we see our customers investing to build competency, capability and know how to go execute that vision. And indeed we are aware that the customers kind of reported real end customer business and outlet that presumably legitimizes this. So, going back to where we started this conversation in earlier in the year, we expect a couple of billion dollars of incremental WFE this year in China and that represents 10%, 12% or so of the overall WFE kind of marketplace. So, the bulk of the industry is still outside of China and obviously included in China or at least the global company investments as well as the domestic community. So, I would say it continues to appear like there is steady progress.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think we have obviously articulated not just for deposition business unit, but also for the etch business unit, the importance of control and repeatability and opening our process windows for our customers and atomic level processing is an important part of delivering that. There are other significant challenges for our customers, not least aspect ratios, but atomic level processing is increasingly relevant to the success of the company and the success of the customers. So, it’s big investments. It’s one of the biggest areas of competitive momentum. We don’t actually characterize in any detail the proportion of WFE that we think is directly assignable because that we obviously have competitive sensitivity to that, but I think we got fundamental differentiation on technology and productivity and the engagement with the customer is comprehensive. And I am pretty pleased with the momentum we have.
Martin Anstice: I would say I would be concerned that our customers are adding a few much capacity if the analytics in our company in terms of end use demand concluded that there was a dramatic imbalance and we have no evidence of that. I mean, we are trying to articulate and our prospective may not be the best that’s a choice obviously that you have to make, but we do our best to analyze kind of end markets. And when we look at bit mind and bit consensus and then the construct of the market and isolate, for example, a 45% servr bit growth assumption in DRAM and that impact on investment levels and then to the best of our abilities understands, bit per wafer and the investment choices for customers between conversions and additions. We end up in the same place that our customers are articulating plans. And so it’s left to do with how big the number is in my opinion and much more to do with whether it correlates to the statement of demand.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I don’t know that it’s particularly material in the long-term. Again, I go back to my answer to the earlier question in foundries, I mean, all we try to do if I am very correct and honest is ship product to customers let me ask for it, not earlier and not late and that’s our focus and that’s priorities. So, you are going to see up and down as customers adjust schedules and most of the time we get that light fairly well to our midpoint guidance and we almost always get it correct in our range, in fact, I think always in our range. So, I mean, I don’t think we are doing that job a signaling here. But it’s just a matter of the timing of investments by customers and that goes up and down and we just roll on truly. But focus of the company to where you started is making sure that we have a product portfolio that’s more relevant to our logic and foundry customers and to making sure that we are gaining more market share and in the microprocessors and foundry both hopefully we have been effectively communicating pretty positive market share in the last couple of years.
Martin Anstice: So I 100% agree with what you articulated in terms of the rationale for investments whether tradition or conversion, I mean it’s for demand and it’s the consequence of capital intensity relative to the incremental bits of various kind of nodes transitions. So I mean not exactly the same place, we are in exactly the same place that you articulated in your question. Unfortunately in a world of very few customers today it’s almost impossible for an equipment company to answer directly the question that you just asked. It’s too competitively sensitive for our customers. So we do respect I have to ask you to ask them, but what I will say is we do see a modest increase in capacity in DRAM associated with the driver of demand to the consensus of the kind of low to mid-20 bit growth number that everybody seems to kind of talk about these days. And it seems like it’s perfectly relevant to the choices that our customers are making. So unfortunately, quantification has to come from them and that’s what I can tell you is it appears modest and balanced and rational.
Martin Anstice: So I think in the context of the questions were certainly important to emphasize kind of the long-term vision for the company that we talked about at the investor meeting which is kind of redistribution of 50% of free cash flow generated over the long-term and nothing new to say today. So, it’s a transactional moment in time, but a bit longer term commitments adding us the important message.
Martin Anstice: Not really. It’s more or less the same today as it was kind of 3 months ago kind of what you are seeing is first half bias, which Doug talked about in his prepared comments more or less the investments that we expected is the one that seems to be playing out. And any 1 month or any 1 week or any one quarter that can go left or right a little bit, but pretty much where we expected it to be and no fundamental message is in terms of kind of bit growth that are different from the consensus and maybe the only incremental thing I would say is our expectations of investments this year which kind of lead to approximately a similar level of shipped capacity not yet qualified at the end of ‘18 to the level that existed in ‘17, which obviously definitely means the same level of discipline at the end of the beginning that existed at the beginning of the year.
Martin Anstice: Not really. And I don’t want to sound dismissive about the short-term, but again in context whether it’s in the context of the answer to the shipments kind of midpoint question or the difference between what we said last time and what we said this time and I think it’s the same message in slightly different words and none of it changes in our opinion the long-term opportunity and the importance of investing for long-term and the potential that we described in the investor meeting. So, from the inside out, this is transactional noise more than anything fundamental and if that changes we will tell you, but that’s about it right now.
Martin Anstice: Well, we have lived in that world before. And it wasn’t I would say a fundamental restriction it just made the process of doing business in China a more bureaucratic. We have to file for licenses and so on and so forth. So, there is President for U.S. export restrictions of technology, not so much into semiconductor, but into semiconductor when there was a dual use that the defense department or the commerce department we are trying to manage. Maybe if I take the essence of your question and go somewhere beyond it’s precisely to kind of the conversation of our tariffs. We don’t see an impact today on our business or on our customers’ business or on our industry that would cause us to say that there is a new kind of long-term message. But we are attentive to two very important things. If tariffs starts to be disruptive to consumer confidence that has an impact in the global economy and it will eventually impact semiconductors and in turn equipments and we are attentive to domestic equipment company agendas as well. And I am not seeing that today, but if things got a little bit tit for tat, then there are obviously risks at a minimum that we need to be attentive to, but the end of the day, there is the fundamental value proposition that comes from every equipment company that’s 30 years or 40 years old and we win business and we enable based on our expertise competency and know-how. So, I am not seeing kind of risks today, but we are attentive to the other two things that we have just – that I just described attentive to consumer confidence changes and attentive to domestic equipment company agendas.
Martin Anstice: I would say maybe I mean we are doing our best to articulate what we think is likely to happen. And there maybe is interwoven in this conversation around advanced computes as the components of this value proposition in AI and data economy and it serves in the purpose to have a great cloud with great storage and great memory without great competition. So, if the value proposition accelerates, then I think it is an industry-wide opportunity. But in the context of the pilot line timings that we understand with our customers for 5 nanometer, the investments in 7 nanometer and 10 nanometer plans, the outlook that we have described is the best we have to offer right now.
Martin Anstice: I am not sure exactly what you are referring to the seasonality, but I mean at the end of the day shipments and revenue mix will be exactly the same, one is timing shipments sometimes happen sooner than revenues. So at the end of the day, it all normalizes to the same thing which is why we give you the shipment probably the way we do.
Martin Anstice: When I gave you the color on the percentages every quarter, Mehdi, I specifically say system shipment, so it’s system.
Martin Anstice: We will consider. We will think about how we can give you better understanding on what’s going on the services which I think at the end of the day is what you are asking for right.
Martin Anstice: Alright. We will think about it offline if you want to share with us what would be helpful too. That would help us think about it.
Martin Anstice: Atif, as you can appreciate, we have a very small set of customers and we are giving more color than just timing of certain projects – with certain customer projects is probably the best we can do for you.
Martin Anstice: I think the best we can do is refer you back to the flash memory summit presentation we made last year, which to the best of my recollection details all of our assumptions in terms of phases of development for NAND flash and rather be selective to ones and risking being inconsistent with that, I’d ask you to kind of go back to that disclosure. And if there is the remaining question then, please follow-up with Satya. Thanks, Atif.
Martin Anstice: Well, I guess, at the very basic level we have attempted for the last several years to articulate a set of assumptions, which I think are generally consistent with the assumptions that our customers communicate and the assumptions that ASML would communicate around adoption of EUV and using those assumptions we have attempted to communicate this through the 5-nanometer transition, our SAM increases in etch and deposition. So, I would say the first part of answering the question is we have articulated to the best of our ability increasing SAM through 5-nanometer and we will see what integration scheme show up a 3 before answering that question. In addition to that, the company is making a very specific set of investments and you have seen one of them quite publicly or maybe two of them quite publicly, but I will pick one of them now and that’s the world of advanced equipment process control. So we have articulated incremental SAM that we are targeting for the purposes of delivering more control and process and more a repeatability or uniformity so on and so forth. And that is directly relevant to foundry and microprocessor opportunity for the company as well and I am not going to go into details, but we have 3 or 4 pretty significant SAM expansion objectives above and beyond the inflections we have been talking about for the last several years and that’s all obviously incorporated in the long-term financial models that we presented a few weeks ago.
Martin Anstice: I guess, I am not sure it’s bigger. I mean at the end of the day, if you believe the statements that we are making around discipline and demand led investments, then the kind of known commodities at this point in time relates to the capital intensity of any one technology node or any one kind of device architecture. So, I don’t think there is kind of too many risks or opportunities relative to people’s understanding of kind of cost consequence of a DRAM or a 3D NAND transition. Individual customer plans in a short-term can create artificial kind of disruption I would say in terms of WFE. In the long-term, I don’t think it’s all, because if one customer decreases and other one likely increases, if one increases and other one slightly decreases, so you kind of see kind of customer risks and opportunities. And if your window of focus is a quarter, then that will be disruptive to you if your window of focus is the year, it’s irrelevant, because it’s a dynamic kind of marketplace. I do think – and I would extend the customer conversation into a regional conversation, something like China. Right, I mean, I think our hypothesis still remains that with any of the regions of the world, including China that the investment will be demand based and rationale. So, I do think where there is still a significant amount of variability in plans is kind of how people choose to go execute and you can change the WFE investment profile quite materially through the choices you make around new capacity additions versus plaintiff to 3D transitions versus 3D transition scaling versus that maybe modifying a DRAM line to flash line or vice-versa. So – yes and even some of these strategies and that will sound maybe quite transactional, but it can have a fairly significant impact. So, we do our best to try and get a dialogue with customers to understand where they are going to head. I would say the simplest headline to your answer is if demand is stronger or weaker, it has – for ICs associated with these AI transitions and value propositions of the data economy, whether you will see it in the calendar year was debatable, but you will see it over a couple of year period in a positive or negative direction. And the rest of it I think is more operational execution as customers try to optimize their fabs, their line layouts and they try to optimize their use of cash.
Doug Bettinger: CJ, we don’t really give guidance one quarter at a time, but what I would suggest to you is as I always do in my scripted remarks, gross margin will move around quarter-to-quarter depending on business volumes, product mix, customer concentration. If I looked at the last, I don’t know year or two, we have bounced around between 46% and 47% and that’s kind of what we have got baked into the financial model, so that’s probably a good signpost used relative to how to think about it C.J.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Vivek, I mean quite honestly, we missed the midpoint in guidance by $40 million which honestly is four or five tools when you think about in the grand text of what’s happening with our numbers, so as always you have got things that shipped and they moved around every quarter. And I am not really going to comment on any specific customer, but it was a pretty modest variance in terms of how to think about them.
Doug Bettinger: And Vivek we expect foundry will grow as we go through the year as well and just to reiterate the comment I had in my script.
Doug Bettinger: As well as affordability, Romit, as you know, I mean, DRAM revenue and profits are all-time record levels.
Doug Bettinger: And Romit the only other thing I would add on that is I do think probably when you look at the logic shipments for the course of 2018 it will go up from where it is in March.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. That’s the right way to think about it Harlan. I mean CapEx in the model in terms of how we think about it is 3% to 4% of revenue typically so yes, that’s what’s company had it in the model we gave in March.
Doug Bettinger: The primary thing Frahan relative to the $4 billion authorization is just availability of cash domestically, 87% of the cash that the company has still is domicile outside the United States. It takes time to move that around. We have taken step one of that in terms of beginning to liquidate the portfolio, but there is administrative paperwork to dividend things up and down, the tax structure to get the cash and that’s the primary thing that we need to have. We need the cash before we can buy significant stock and that will come over the next 12 months with almost all of the cash will be available by the end of year.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. Mehdi necessarily relative balance could be plus or minus 51.9 something like that, it’s – and I have given you guidance for every quarter through the rest of the year right now.
Doug Bettinger: Martin described shipments low-50s, high-40s half-on-half, my comment was revenue would be a little bit more balanced in comparing that.
Doug Bettinger: If I can add just one more thing, I would say if I mean for anybody on the call at any point in time listening to Lam Research, if you have recommendations on specific disclosure that you think would be helpful if we feel like we can do it in the context of respecting our customers and if we can do it in the context of preserving competitive advantage, we have every motivation to do that. So, we are doing the best we can to articulate an outlook in an opportunity and risk and so on and so forth. And if you have specific recommendations, please make the most line and we will do the best we can.
Doug Bettinger: I mean all the technology inflections you have seen happened over the last several years, Patrick that required our customers to have very advanced conversations those are well in advance of when they need certain capability, because we need to develop the equipment quite honestly. So, I don’t think that’s new. It’s been happening over the last several years and it’s enabled us to plan our company to be able to support where we are at today. So, the conversation is very deep and rich when you are enabling the customer’s roadmap in the way that we are.
