Tim Archer: A lot of questions in there John. Maybe there was a comment in my script even that said, in many cases, the outlook, we gave at Investor Day, that was formulated before we really knew about COVID-19, before we saw all of these tremendous work-from-home drivers, a lot of things that just really have kind of changed, maybe the way semiconductors have and the role semiconductors have played kind of in the world in the last 12 months. And so, we gave our best view when we gave it, and at that time, we thought our range of 60 billion to 70 billion seemed pretty reasonable given what we thought about demand. Clearly, some segments of the market have been growing a lot faster as we just mentioned from those demand trends. When we look at it -- there is an urgency to get tooling to meet demand. And that's not just our customers, that's also us as we look, Doug talked about investment in our Ohio facility to build critical spare parts as factories are running at very high levels of utilization. So, we're investing, our customers are investing. I think the outlook is, it's difficult to say, we're telling you right now, it looks like it's first half, somewhat the first half weighted. But I also talked about long-term demand drivers that we think fundamentally continue to become growth drivers for this industry in the long-term. And you've just seen growth and I gave you a couple of examples, 5G, gaming consoles, everybody has read about the shortages in automotive image sensors. There's just such a role that semiconductors play today. I don't think there's any segment we would point to that we feel is overheating relative to the long-term trends we've talked about. Just one example, because I know we'll get the question at some point on NAND. We talked about the recovery in NAND. But if you look at the spending on NAND over the last three years and you average that out, it's actually very close to the average annual spending that we've outlined for a couple years at the Flash Memory Summit, which says that you need roughly $70 billion over a five-year period to hit the high 30s demand in bit growth rate. And so, we feel reasonably comfortable with demand profiles across all the segments right now, and there'll be changes quarter-to-quarter and such, but long-term we think they're in line with the demand we are seeing.
Tim Archer: Yes. Well, we haven't quantified it and I don't think we're going to do so right now. Doug is shaking his head, no, and not going to right now. But, I think that to your point and Doug kind of mentioned, it's like, this is our view now, you can always feel the demand and the urgency for the next couple of quarters much, much stronger than the quarters further out. So, I think to your question which is where might we see changes later in the year? I think you have to look at some of the demand drivers. And again, there's a broadening of demand across -- it's not just driven by leading edge. In fact, we were looking at the amount of foundry spending for instance that's coming from 28-nanometer and above. It's a very high level these days. You see that in strength that gets reported into our CSBG business, the Reliant business. I think you can continue to see strength there. It's how semiconductor is being incorporated into everything. The content in cars and such, it's just increasing at quite a rapid rate. And those tend to drive kind of that off-leading-edge business at a very rapid pace. Where that gets manufactured? I mean, there is a fair bit of investment in China, for instance, that is at those trailing-edge nodes. And I think that's why we have seen strength in China, and why we actually believe that China, especially at those trailing-edge nodes, continues to be an area of strength as they satisfy a lot of that domestic demand for those kinds of applications like 5G and cars and other things. So, I guess you could say there might be -- might be added strength in those broader demand drivers that could surprise us later in the year.
Tim Archer: I don't think we're ready to give like an exact number. But what we've said is 10 billion plus this year, and we expect growth this year. I don't know if Doug wants to add anything.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think probably just to add Tim, I mean, the absolute spending in NAND any given year is somewhat out of our control. But I mean what we do control is, how we continue to expand share of every dollar WFE spent. And that's why I talked about, how we've leveraged the learning we're getting from being the company that runs the vast majority of the critical applications in NAND. So identify new opportunities and new applications and grow into those so that the next node, our share of WFE Fi goes higher. And I talked about Striker FE, the ALD tool for gapfill, brand new application for us compete in the space where we didn't compete before. And, as trend node transitions occur into the future, means that our share of WFE increases. It's also important to remember that our share of every dollar WFE spent on node transitions actually is the highest. And that's simply because of the role that action deposition play in those transitions. So if you end up in a year, let's say and I'm not characterizing any given year in this way, but at the end of the year, where you do have lots of wafer starts, people become concerned that that might be a bit of overheating with new capacity. But actually we look at it as adding to what we would consider to be kind of our 3D annuity, the 3D NAND annuity, which says installed base is larger, which means that the next transition, RAM will get an even greater share of the spending that is required to move that entire 3D NAND installed base forward to the next node. So, that said any given year, something happens, but in the long-term trend, we think Lam's opportunity continues to grow in 3D NAND.
Tim Archer: Yes. And I guess, just to add at our Investor Day we talked about the goal, we had to expand that number. The number of products and services available for the installed base is way of increasing revenue per chamber. And I think you've seen our progress in that area in this past year, and we'd expect that to continue to increase going forward as we focus on equipment intelligence and remote services and a lot of database productivity enhancers.
Tim Archer: We don't break out exactly what percentage of our business is in that segment. But I did say we do see that area continuing to grow again. And it's -- that's like what we would almost consider to be the strongest secular growing part of our market, because it's being driven by almost every aspect of the economy in terms of the types of products that semiconductors going into, that are manufactured with those trailing edge nodes. And so, we've seen, I don't, maybe I think it's something like I could get along with eight or nine quarters, I think in a row that we've now had reported record revenues in that trailing edge space. So one, we feel like we know how to compete and address that market. And we think that it's going to be just one that just continues to grow, maybe not quarter-over-quarter-over-quarter, but records every quarter, but certainly year-to-year-to-year, it will continue to be an area of strength for us.
Tim Archer: Yes, I don't think we're ready to up our long-term objective just yet. But I think you're pointing out some of the things that are doing quite well in that part of the business around advanced services. And we talked about a 6x increase in remote support engagements. I think if we look, one, we put out that model, Investor Day, as I mentioned, as COVID environment kind of evolved, some of the advanced services, the database services, the poll for the idea of like less people related maintenance, using data and remote capabilities, clearly caught a lot more traction in the second half of the year. We need to see how much of that sticks as we kind of come out of this environment. But we believe that, that those things are -- those capabilities are now kind of demonstrating their value and a lot of that will stay, those will be strong drivers. Another thing happened in 2020 is, there probably were some instances of spares being ordered a bit ahead of normal trend. And as you know, everybody, including Lam, seeing some of our inventory numbers, tried to hedge against disruptions due to COVID-19. So you might see some moderation if you're looking for offsets in that space. So, we feel as Doug said, very comfortable about hitting the objective we put out at the Investor Day, but we're not ready to set a new growth target for the business until we see a little bit more of the trend this year.
Tim Archer: Well, I guess if I understand the question about, you're kind of asking how much the tools that we've shipped are being utilized in our customer fabs and that's not something I can really comment on. Obviously, to our engagements with customers, we have good insight into fab but not something we can really talk about. If I misunderstood the question maybe...
Tim Archer: Well, I think if you consider that we talked about further strengthen the NAND market in 2021, I would say that there is a sense that more equipment is needed to bring on additional capabilities in NAND at this point in time, for sure.
Tim Archer: No. I think you pretty much get it. I mean, I think, you started with the question about NAND, I mean, again, it's again, this layer transition is a way for customers to reduce their costs. And that those transitions are complex from [indiscernible] perspective. So creating a lot of demand for our tools to help enable those transitions.
Tim Archer: So that's a lot of information you're asking for. As we look, I mean, Doug just mentioned, I mean, clearly we see strength across all parts of the business. NAND expansion is clearly good for us. As I mentioned in my comment, you're more than 50% share in DRAM etch, we're expanding our deposition. So DRAM is good. Foundry/Logic is an area where, obviously, from an exposure perspective, Lam has -- it's been less in the past, but we've talked about our improvements there. And so I think even there, as the nodes move forward, some of these new products we're talking about, whether it's dry resists, that might not be a 21 story, maybe, but more of a 22 and beyond story. But you know, we're working hard to increase our SAM as a percent of WFE and so, I guess what I just say is in terms of outperformance, you get to go back to what we said at investor day, which is the way our past outperformance is to expand our SAM and coming from where we are in the high 30s. We said we're going to get to 40% SAM as a percent of WFE. That's increasing our opportunity. And then, we do think with new products like the Vantex and Sense.i, and other products that are kind of in the pipeline to come in later this year. Those will be market share drivers for us. And so, combination SAM expansion and market share gains will hopefully to continued outperformance in the market.
Tim Archer: Well, just a couple things. I mean, one, the Vantex story is really like two parts. One is, it is the first module on the new Sense.i platform. So again, when you're thinking about Sense.i, you're thinking about a tremendous amounts of data collection and using that, not only to improve the productivity of the platform and the maintenance and such, but also process control. And as you look at now in that dielectric high aspect ratio etch, which is where Vantex is targeting, those etch's are becoming incredibly difficult both in NAND and DRAM where that product is really targeted. We've leveraged the learning from all of those wafers I talked about, we've been running relative to the competition in 3D NAND to really understand what it takes to build the world's class high aspect ratio etch and that's what we think we've delivered to the market. We do really well in dielectric etch, quite honestly, in both DRAM and NAND already, but we're not going to -- we haven't quantified, I believe our dielectric etch ambition, but clearly it's higher in years to come. And we think Vantex and Sense.i is the platform to do that.
Tim Archer: I would hope you would be. We've been talking about really at some point along the roadmaps, every device ultimately is inflecting to 3D simply because that's how you get continued scaling. And so, I talked about our Kiyo GX tool. One of the -- you start seeing new types of technologies come in the etch and also deposition space. I mentioned that tool with its atomic layer etch capabilities, those tools are well suited to the types of 3D devices that you're going to see in nanosheet, or nano wire architectures. There will also be other tools, which we haven't really talked about so publicly that they are in the hands of our customers around selective etch that will become much more prevalent within 3D logic foundry devices. And then a whole slew of new deposition films that also help, I mentioned some of the [RC] [ph] and such so, I think it's an area where we can continue to expand our SAM by catching kind of those 3D inflections in logic and foundry. Our R&D that Doug talked about is really targeted towards growing our opportunity in that space.
Tim Archer: And I don't think that it was something that needs specific memory. But in general, a couple of comments we've made about spare parts, maybe just to come into, we have always focused on the critical applications, because critical application, you have to keep those chambers in very pristine condition in order to be able to deliver the [on-wave] result the customer needs. They tend to be bigger drivers of spare parts. And so, I think as each of these technology nodes gets more complex, spare parts and the capability of those spares continues to grow. That's good for our business. But the flip side of that, of course, is that's customers cost. And so, that's why we are continuously looking for things like the new Sense.i platform to help our customer reduce maintenance cost and running cost of the systems. I mentioned Sense.i and Vantex, the first adopters and the first one to ramp up that production are going to be in the memory space. And that's simply because it delivers technology, [indiscernible] productivity and that's really the key. How do you find that balance of getting the results on the wafer without consuming too many spare parts and without consuming too much of the tool equipment time? I think Lam has become very good at that. And I think that again, we point to the volume of learning we have in high volume production, cross and endearing cost sensitive applications. I think we may be the best at that.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, I'm not going to unpeel the whole number. And I can't go through all the numbers, as I sit here that he just spit out, I'm sure you're doing the right math or close. As we look into the year, it does look like the first half related year, things move around, things change. I think probably NAND is first half related, I think Foundry/Logic probably a little bit also. And I think DRAM, probably through the year is fairly steady. But things move around, things change, we always have pretty good visibility at this point into the first half, and the second half is far enough away that it can move around. So that's why we kind of tried to put some ranges, you guys will do the math to kind of take it through an open company here. But that's generally what I'm seeing, and then how I'm thinking about it.
Doug Bettinger: Tim, when you look at this, it'll go up, it'll go down, nothing goes up every quarter. It ebbs and it flows and if you go back to '19, it was pretty low. Go to '20, it went up a little bit, '21, flat to up a little bit? Maybe? Yeah, probably. And then, it'll course correct based on whatever demand looks like. I mean, when we step back to on the reason, Tim and I both talked about these long-term demand drivers is that the important thing to think about over the next several years for the industry, it won't go up to every quarter. It never does, you know that better than I do or as well as I do. In timing, a fab investment, when things come in, it'll go up, it'll go down. That is what always happens and is what will happen in 2021 most likely.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, CJ. My commentary on first half, second half was very much targeted at WFE, not necessarily installed base. Now the installed base won't necessarily grow every single quarter will grow every single year like we've been saying. We feel really good about where we're at, I mean, it's we're record after record. And Tim shared the chamber count with you. It's kind of like it's been over the last several years. So the tailwind there is, it's really very good.
Doug Bettinger: That's where we're at right now CJ. We're still in the application process for license haven't heard back. When we look at China, that's plus or minus how we described flat to up. There's a range around it. But at this point, we haven't heard back on the license. We have applied and we're waiting.
Doug Bettinger: And Harlan, I'll just remind you what we said back at the Investor Day in March and still believe that this segment of WFE will outgrow the rest of the market by -- I don't know, two times, maybe three times, although the leading edge stuff has picked up since then. But it's still a very good growth area for us.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek. We're always trying to get the best pricing that we can get. It's hard at times, though that it kind of passed up like this through -- we're doing our best. And it is a bit of a headwind. So I guess we're not able to push it through at this point. I do think just part of things will mitigate at some point, as the world gets back to normal and freight lanes get back to normal. Things are just constrained right now, we fly things in and out of our factory, a lot, oftentimes, or at least we used to in the belly of our commercial aircraft carrier at times. And they're just not flying at the volume that they used to be. I do think that comes back at some point, once we get COVID under control in the world.
Doug Bettinger: Vivek, I haven't given a hard number, but I would tell you, it's noticeable, it's meaningful. It's a meaningful headwind, I wouldn't be talking about it and we're doing our best to manage it. And I do believe it will get better over time. But I haven't quantified it.
Doug Bettinger: In a conversion, as Tim alluded to earlier, when you're just doing layer count conversion, that's the sweet spot for us in terms of the percent of spend. So the answer is yes. With the caveat that everybody's installed base is a little bit different. There's always a handful of new wafers coming in, and you got to kind of peel the onion back to the next layer and look at what's going on in any one period. But I would agree with your comment that in a layer count conversion, that's a good spot for us.
Doug Bettinger: I know Blayne, obviously, one large foundry customer upsized their CapEx. I think everybody understands what happened there. I don't think any of us saw the totality of that coming. So clearly, that was a bit of the upside. Maybe that would be the only thing I would specifically point to.
Doug Bettinger: I think everybody knows this isn't really a huge fixed cost business. So when revenue goes up, it matters but it's not what matters as much as in like our customers business, product mix matters, customer mix matters. Customer concentration moves gross margin around. That's happening probably a little bit in the March quarter. A little bit of a headwind, if I think about the longer term, getting to that financial model that we put out for '23. Two things I would point you to on the gross margin and operating income for that matter. One is this freight headwind that we're dealing with. Second, I referred to ramping the factory in Malaysia, that's going to be somewhat more efficient, a little bit bigger factory, a little bit more cost efficient factory. So there's some upside that we're going to see in gross margin there. And that's really from where we are today to where we're trying to get to or where we're going to get to, what gets you there.
Doug Bettinger: Our domestic China customer base is very broad. It's much broader, I think, perhaps than all of you realize. And you've got people at all kinds of different points along ramping technology, some are been doing it for a really long time. Some are brand new to certain technologies. When a customer is new to a technology takes a little while to get to an efficient ramp point. So it's a broad set of customers that are at different points, I think is what I would describe. Again, depending on how long they've been doing, what they're doing.
Doug Bettinger: Let me think about that question. I don't know, Tim, if you have anything you want to add. I mean, consumption of spares will ebb and flow across every one of our end markets with utilization and utilization size spare part consumption is somewhat higher? It's just the nature of how -- it's a consumable part, obviously. So it needs to go along with volume. I don't know if I'm answering your question but that's true and the memory fab is true in foundry and logic as well. As Tim suggests, maybe there was a little bit of by head in spares maybe a little bit, but I don't think that was huge. I don't know.
