Martin B. Anstice: I'll actually take -- it's Doug, Patrick. I'll actually take that one. When you look at the back half of the year broadly, it's going to be stronger in NAND than the first half was. DRAM was actually, we think, a little bit stronger in the first half than the second half. So when you go through the remainder of the calendar year, our expectation is memory is going to be stronger in the second half but it's going to be a NAND story more than anything else.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I think, that is pretty kind of normal. The subtleties of one quarter to another are pretty complex for any of us to get precisely right. But from our perspective, the tone that we're communicating today qualitatively and quantitatively, we don't regard in any way, shape, or form as different from the conversation we had 3 to 4 weeks ago in our Analyst Meeting. I do think, and I kind of made a qualitative statement in my prepared comments about the December outlook, we don't specifically give guidance for December and I don't really want to do that today. But if it helps put the September context -- September guidance in context, I would expect the shipments of our company to exceed $1.1 billion in the December quarter. And in large part, that reflects the momentum in memory. And to Doug's point, the dollars of investments in memory are very biased to NAND flash but the strength that we're seeing, that showed up in the June quarter, first and foremost, but also repeats at some level in the second half, is DRAM driven being by the kind of mobile requirements there.
Martin B. Anstice: I don't know if I would say, frankly, that the biggest influence over pricing is the competitive dynamic. I think the bigger influence over pricing, frankly, is the consolidation of the semiconductor industry and the fact that 65% to 70% of wafer fabrication equipment spending is in the hands of the 3 companies today. So on a case-by-case basis, I'm sure any one of us feels an ebb and a flow of pricing intensity. But my fundamental impression today is that the competitive environment is exactly kind of where it has been and where we'd expect it to be and nothing kind of fundamental to report in terms of pricing for that reason today.
Martin B. Anstice: I think the simple answer is that it isn't that much different from the June run rate. I mean, if we want to have a discussion about 0.4%, I guess we can. But the complexity of individual products really kind of has us approaching this in much the same way we did last quarter, and we got a range on the guidance for that reason. We got a point or so around the 44%. And certainly, the most important message is a message of consistency to the model that Doug presented at our Analyst Meeting. And so we feel that at the billion-dollar level of shipments and revenue, the 44 percentage points is a very good place for us to be against the objective, which really is, kind of 6 months from now, is kind of end of December run rate's performance of 45% that's in our model. So we actually feel pretty good about it frankly.
Martin B. Anstice: I think I have tended more often than not to kind of say high 40s, low 50s rather than the specific numbers you've described. So maybe there's 1 point in 10 where I've done exactly what you just said. As I said, I -- it is rather unusual for us to put a stake in the sand for December. I've done it because I think it's relevant to communicating the outlook of the company certainly, in light of the questions that have already been raised today. And certainly, when we approach signaling our outlook for December, we're doing it with a level of risk, which is different than the outlook for September and our commentary is consistent with that. So whether it is higher than $1.1 billion or not, time will tell but at a minimum, we can see $1.1 billion on the horizon.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, that's a really tough one. I'm not sure that there's sufficient public disclosure from our customers to really do that, Tim. I mean, unquestionably, there is kind of a learning experience for everybody here in front of us with the first set of investments in a very complex transition. And as is true in every complex transition, it's all about yield and it's all about the performance delivered from the devices. And there isn't obviously, today, production evidence of any of that. And so presuming that all plays out, presuming there's demonstrated performance advantage from the device, presuming it is yielding in a manner consistent with delivering the economics, then I'd expect the proportion to go up. And whether it's more than half or less than half, time will tell. But it is easy to visualize it in that kind of area. But as you guys all know, the public commentary from customers around transition from planar to 3D devices in NAND flash memory kind of tracks over a 1- to 3-year timeline. So there's a lot of questions still outstanding I think.
Martin B. Anstice: Right. I think the biggest message is the one that has been kind of talked about, I think, for the last 3 or 4 weeks. The 28-nanometer spending is broadening, and the 20-nanometer transition is beginning. And we kind of expected more than one customer to be transitioning to 20-nanometer, and we now expect there to be essentially one. And I did put a range out there originally of 30,000 to 50,000 wafer starts of investments at 20-nanometer. And I would say, in light of what we've communicated today, we'd be at the low end of that range in terms of our expectations. And that's the basis of the guidance that's given for September and the outlook that I've shared for December.
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. I think, frankly, they -- I guess they have to deliver those headlines. But I -- certainly, one of the things I'll share with you is that when a customer dialogues with us today, and I suspect this is probably quite true for every equipment company, the separation and the conversation between the final planar generation and the first FinFET generation is very subtle, and so we're almost kind of indifferent to it. I mean, there are clearly some new application areas. There are clearly some process times that go up, and the stamp [ph] of the company increases in the planar or the FinFET transition, but it doesn't increase for any of us to the same extent that the 28-nanometer to 20-nanometer conversion was. So I would say that there is clearly a race in the Foundry community to a FinFET. But certainly, the spending that's in front of us is a 20-nanometer, planar-biased spending.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think the first part of your question was right on. It's too early. But I'll -- at the risk of being held to this, certainly, we see for a bunch of reasons, the discipline of our customers' sort of process of adding capacity, particularly in memory, where clearly the pricing environment tells us all how imbalanced supply and demand is today, and also a more positive outlook in terms of general consumer electronic demand and adoption of various technologies. But 2014 is a stronger WFE year than 2013. Now use your math and change between now and then, but as a basic outlook in the middle of calendar '13, that will be our commentary. And consistent with my -- the first part of my answer, we would expect that the memory proportion of spending increases. And certainly for Lam Research, that's a net positive because the bias, the strength of the company historically has been more in memory than in logic, although that is normalized a little bit through the integration of Lam and Novellus. But still, we are more memory-biased as a company and so as the expectation for a higher-memory content in WFE exists, that's positive for the company. If that assumption is wrong, then the positive I just described doesn't exist.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I didn't actually articulate the specific application areas in my prepared comments and nor will I, just to preserve the competitive component of things. But certainly, it's a very big milestone for the company, being able to make the statement that I just did. As you all understand, we're in a kind of critical juncture relative to the economics of the clean business, and we have had a productivity disadvantage for the last 5 years. We've been essentially the only large, clean company limited to an 8-chamber platform. And we've been able to address that to a level of satisfaction, at least to accomplish the first result, which is getting a couple of very large customers committed to partner with us, to evaluate and hopefully, qualify that capability. And the product has been designed with the objective in mind to open up the front end-of-line application space, which is a huge part of the clean market space, which has more generally not been available to us with the Da Vinci prime product. And so we will, in an R&D environment, be validating on a mix of back-end of the line and front-end of the line application areas I expect. And certainly, the business objective is we're successful in both segments of single-wafer clean.
Martin B. Anstice: I think only they can answer that question. My impression is not a statement of jumping, but that's just an impression.
Martin B. Anstice: So obviously, one of the things we have the benefit of is a lot more information about Lam Research than you do. And so we ask the same question that you do and try to share our best perspective with you using the financial model. So all of the questions that are relevant to the future economics of the company are try -- are incorporated to the best of our abilities in the financial model. So I would encourage you and others to keep referring back to that model presented by Doug in the Analyst Meeting.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think, the only thing that we can ever do, whether it's a transition commentary or not, whether it's memory or logic, is dialogue with our customers and trust that they're communication to us is authentic. And what we're communicating to you today is our interpretation of this due to the customer. So I think there is legitimacy. I think even the most committed customer in the world would say it's a complex transition, and there's a lot to learn in the pilot line. And based on the learning in production and in the marketplace relative to performance benefits, this will either speed up, it will either slow down or it will either hold the projections that are commonly anticipated. But right now, our belief is that we're shipping products into a 3D environment this calendar year.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, there's always a risk but there's always an opportunity. I mean, I -- at the fundamental level, I believe the decisions by our customers are about as influential as anything I could share with you around the fundamental capability of the company and the differentiation that's available in terms of productivity and then results on wafer. And results on wafer is defined around particle-removal efficiency, it's defined around collapse-free drying and a lot of the market transitions and technical inflections that we've talked about today and in our Analyst Meeting create very significant challenges in the cleaning segment. And so, I think, again, consistent with what we've said that previously, the clean business unit in the portfolio of our 3, right? We have etch, we have dep, we have clean, simply stated. The clean market share progression -- the long-term progressions are likely to be more hockey stick than the other 2, which are likely to be more linear in their expansion. So that's about the best, I guess, I could share at this point.
Martin B. Anstice: So I'll supplement my comment. I think if you take the guidance and you take the December reference that I provided on shipments, you're going to see mathematically a number that looks very similar to the one that Doug stated. And the timing of revenue acceptance is all about specific shipment days and weeks in the quarter, and that's a little hard to predict at this point and the timing of the acceptance cycle. Frankly, we don't worry so much about that. We worry about taking orders from our customers as soon as they're available, and we worry about shipping products and meeting their demand and getting the systems installed. Acceptance cycles take care of themselves usually.
Martin B. Anstice: But I think it's a trend you should assume is highly correlated to the outlook of our customers. I mean the Foundry components of logic is a reasonably evenly distributed first half, second half, not precisely today, but reasonably so and the microprocessor environment increases. And so you should expect the trend for Lam is consistent with that. Obviously at a product level, the other side of the memory strength for the company is a little less than normal profile in microprocessor logic, but I think you guys have -- are well practiced in modeling that at this point.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think relative to our competition in any of our markets, we regard DNS with respect. They have a tremendous history in batch cleaning and successfully leveraged that strength into the front-end-of-line cleaning space particularly. I think the installed base in the history of Lam Research is a tremendous value proposition in the back-end-of-line space. And frankly, we're winning business today with the Da Vinci-Prime product. And so I think there's only upside for the company in terms of competitive strength with the next-generation product there. But we have to be sensitive to all competitive threats, where they come from, whether it's DNS, whether it's Intel. And certainly, our really most important focus right now is on making a success, given that our customers have voted and accepted our next-generation system into their R&D environment and to take advantage of that opportunity to demonstrate the substance of our vision. And we have a lot of people invested in the success of this, and we'll do our very best to deliver on that promise.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, we're shipping the first of a few in weeks and quite when that translates itself from an R&D environment into a production buy it’s, frankly, a little early for us to communicate right now. But ask the question again, if you still think it's important in 3 months from now, and we'll see if we're any closer to answering it.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm not really sure these days to make that kind of references to normalized. But I do think we deliver a very consistent message in terms of strengthening of memory spending and for all of the reasons that we've been communicating pain in the last 12 months, the discipline of our customers, we'd expect that discipline to continue. So I think sustainability in an environment of discipline is usually pretty good. And certainly, the penetration roadmaps and the adoption and the replenishment cycles and bit growth assumptions in and around mobile and connectivity-related electronic products, I think, kind of bodes reasonably well for our future. But we'll see.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Patrick, it's a good question and it's a delicate balancing act that the management team and the company really gets paid to execute to. You can’t just trade things off all the time. We do the best that we can to rationalize what we absolutely need to spend and not anymore on the administrative side, such that we can spend a little bit more on R&D to invest in these technology inflections where we see market opportunities that have nice return. But you kind of work your way through at each quarter and it's -- you got to make tradeoffs and that's what we're doing today.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, Krish, this is Doug. I'll just add, in my view, we're consistent with that model. You always have ebbs and flows. As Martin was pointing out, different things have different profitability and you sell more or less of 1 quarter-to-quarter. It's hard to predict that sometimes. But within a range, we're pretty comfortable with where we are.
Douglas R. Bettinger: That's a pretty hard question to answer, Krish, because mix is never exactly the same. The synergies that I showed you earlier this month are coming to fruition. We're on track with the things that we expect. So everything else was equal. Every single tool, percentage was the same and going down the pricing stack, we would be a decent amount, call it, maybe a percentage point higher in gross margin, again, consistent with that model. But I caution you on that. The mix is never the same every single quarter. Things ebb and flow every quarter but that's where we're at.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. They very likely will be up sequentially each quarter. I'm not going to quantify it for you but that's the direction we expect it to go.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes. There's upward bias on the numbers certainly and yes, I think we have a decent shot at getting to the target in the December quarter. We've got some work left to do, but I think we've got a shot at getting there.
Douglas R. Bettinger: I think you're still going to see a lot of conversion spending, which has been what you've seen over the last, I don't know, several quarters -- several years, actually, hopefully. There will be some capacity additions and some conversions, so it'll be a blend.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Well, you -- volume does -- or headcount does scale to a certain extent with headcount. Now from a facility standpoint, we can add a lot of volume before we need to add any facilities. But that's one statement. And then second, you need to understand that a lot of our manufacturing is outsourced, so it varies with volume.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that's true. Martin's comment is right about kind of the manufacturing volume. We are investing more in R&D resources because we see opportunities for profitable growth. And then we do our best to squeeze the administrative functions or let revenue grow without adding anything in that area. That's kind of how we think about it.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, that commentary, Mark, and I'm sorry if I wasn't clear about describing it, it was kind of a '13, '14 statement. In a $30 billion WFE, we would expect to be around $4.1 million for the year. It's not necessarily a statement around the current year.
