Martin B. Anstice: Krish, I think that it's fair to say that, as a company, to the extent there's an impact that's reflected in our guidance and, indeed, there are some systems that are included in our shipments forecast, but we're not going to specifically disclose that number with you, with respect to our customer.
Martin B. Anstice: I've come to appreciate, maybe I'm getting old, maybe I'm getting wise, but the best person to answer that question is the customer. Inevitably, Krish, we've got a very comprehensive understanding of the segments that we participate in, which is why the disclosure in my prepared comments biased etch and depositions segments. Whatever happens in clean is the byproduct of the yield experienced through pilot lines in the early phase of production. But we consider the opportunity in etch and deposition to be significant. We've ranged that historically in the 30% to 50% range, incremental, compared to planar baseline, and we've provided more commentary here today. I think the $25 million reference point per 10,000 wafer starts, we believe, is a significant component of the cost increase, and I think, I read in the ASML transcript that they stated LIFO intensity, in 3D, equivalent to planar. So I think you can probably connect some dots and figure that one out yourself.
Martin B. Anstice: I think, the -- just to kind of state the obvious, there is, inevitably, a review process associated with every deal. And so, there is a limit to the disclosure that I can make. And certainly, I don't intend to encroach on the disclosure that our customers might make. But the headline that I conveyed in my prepared comments, I think, is an important one. We do believe that size and scope can risk value-creation and, frankly, our voice in this process is a very small one, and it's not the important one. The voice, that's the important one, is the voice from the customer and the voice for the regulator. Relative to our approach to acquisition and collaboration, I would say, nothing has changed. We believe that we have a very clear vision today, to be a leader in the etch and deposition and clean markets, and to the extent that we execute any deals or collaborations or partnerships or licenses, according to the definition of today's strategy, that frames around accelerating our growth in those markets against stated plans. And the primary definition of success that I always hold us accountable to, is the value creation for the customer. And if you can articulate that, not just as a company, but as an industry, and I think the values of our company causes to do that really well because we all think and process and make decisions oriented to customer, company and then, individual, then I think you make the right decision in the end. So I think you have to talk directly with customers, at this point, to get a sense of what their opinion is.
Martin B. Anstice: The best way I can answer that question, Tim, is somewhat similar in my prepared comments. I believe that our customers are invested in our success, and I believe they understand and appreciate the value of the stated objectives for the company.
Martin B. Anstice: Thank you for asking the questions, Tim, I'm glad you did. And I'll repeat, somewhat, the answer I gave you last time we talked about this. One of the things, I hope, everybody appreciates is the complexity associated with bringing 2 companies together. I mean, at the high level, there are integration challenges, there are product portfolio challenges, there are business process integrations, SAP systems and there is getting to know the financial performance of the company. And in every respect, we've gone through a tremendous learning curve in the last 12 to 18 months, and that includes, relative to financial performance, our guidance for the last 15, 18 months, and our guidance today is defined, in exactly the same way it has been in every year of the 13 years that I've been in Lam Research, it's our best view of our performance. And the fact that we've beaten this is sometimes the byproduct of we're kind of getting to know the company and learning how its inflows are influenced in the short term. Some part of it is, we've had changes of behavior from customers and we've had positive surprises that we've been out to exploit, competitively. And the headline that Doug conveyed, right at the end, I think, is a very important one. There is a reason why we have the long-term models of the company, they're intended to be the best commentary we can give you on financial statements and what I would not want to happen is for everybody to go, "Oh. Every time they've beaten for the last 6. Therefore, we're going to add that $0.10 to every forward-looking guidance, because that would be inconsistent with the message that we're trying to communicate. But we're doing our very best to communicate through the eyes of management, sometimes we get positive surprises, sometimes we're more effective managing the company than we originally anticipated. But the guidance and the framework of long-term models is the very best commentary we can give you.
Martin B. Anstice: First question is easier than the last one. I do think that, in general, it was a very slight push from September quarter to December quarter. So your hypothesis was correct there. I think there are a couple of things that DRAM and NAND have in common and there are some things that are slightly different. So in common, I think, is the discipline of our customers relative to spending. I'm not seeing any evidence of extravagant spending behavior, almost any time a customer talks to me, or us, about market share, they're incorporating the word profitable market share into the conversation. So I think the awareness and sensitivity to the value of discipline is now well-established in the industry, and I have no expectation of that changing anytime soon. The DRAM story, obviously, there was some short-term disruption in supply chain that caused some pluses and minuses in the short term. And the principal spending outlook is oriented to upgrading capacity to the most leading-edge device. And I think the pace of the customers willingness to do that is defined around their profitability levels and their outlook for the industry. And as you know, a 3D NAND, it's a little bit more complex because you have a very fundamental device transition. And you have 4 customers that will talk about it, but their timeline for adoption by public disclosure today are significantly varied. And I frankly don't know any better than you do, whether the second, third and fourth customers accelerate plans, or keep plans as currently stated, based on the performance of the guy that's going first. So I think we are going to have a big learning experience in the first half of next year, not least for the customer that is going first. They're going to learn and impact in the marketplace. They're going to learn yield in a production environment, and that will contribute to answering your question. It's a really big question and one that is tough to answer right now.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, not so many people say that to me, but if they did say it to me, I would say, "Our customers that are articulating transitions are pretty smart people. They are convicted, and when they have established plans, previously, and in the transitions in the industry, they've kind of -- they can execute it in the way they thought they would. As I said, in the last call, until I have evidence to the contrary, I'm going to believe the statements from our customers.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I'm happy to do that, John. I would kind of just ask that you allow me the flexibility of kind of, slightly, a broader percentage range on these numbers because it is really early to be having a segment based conversation. But based on our understanding today, we would tend to presume that the single largest investment segment, next year, is foundry and a $13 billion to $14 billion range is probably a reasonable placeholder. The next biggest is memory, and we would see memory in the $12 billion to $13 billion range. And I think DRAM and flash are probably as close to 50-50 as they've been for a while since the dollars of invested capital and the balance is microprocessor, logic and other for us. So that $6 billion or so there. But there's a $4 billion range on the overall number I gave you. So please, remember that, as you think through the answer I've just given you.
Martin B. Anstice: A certainly think there's traction on the FinFET 14, 16 node. I believe, every customer is publicly articulating some plans and I believe in the most recent CS&C earnings release that would say a specific statement on their timing. We have 2/3 and 1/3 is the relationship we're assuming right now, in terms of 20-nanometer capacity expansion next year versus the 14, 16 kind of a pilot and early phase production investments. And again, we got plenty of time to learn whether that's reasonable or not, and adjust it. I would say, as I said previously, for an equipment company, there's not a huge difference between the 20-nanometer spend and a 14, 16 spend. In fact, I think I saw a communications from customer in the last month that said, they have about a 95% equipment overlap between the final planar and first FinFET. And we've never been quite so precise in our quantification, but when the customer is articulating that and when, as I said, previously, when they visit with us, they've almost don't distinguish between the 20-nanometer ramp and the 14, 16. Hopefully, that is -- that's helpful perspective as well.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm presuming you're not prepared to accept the answer, "I plan to manage the company well." But I think, relative to shipments, for example, our job and the philosophy of their running this company is, "We're going to ship to customers, when they need it. We're going to take orders off the street, when they're available to take off the street." As I think about running the company, there is a very clear commentary of discipline today, and I think that's probably an industry statement, but it's, for sure, a company statement. We take a lot of responsibility for the investment choices we're making. We are invested in the long-term success of the company, but we recognize that being responsible, supplementing the investment profile of the company, is really critical, and the best we can articulate, at a high level, is the financial model that Doug presented some time back for '13, '14 year and 15, 16 period. So that's really the framework for answering the question. We're not planning to go crazy spending more money next year. I suspect our customers are going to put lots of pressure on us, relative to the price of what we sell and, I suspect, the competitive dynamic will be as intense as ever. And I hope that the performance of the company, in the last 12 to 15 months, gives you some level of confidence that we are able to manage that. And certainly, that's the basis of our forecast ongoing. But I don't sit here and try to plan linear -- linearizing the calendar year. I would like us to take orders when they're available, ship when customers need it, get at revenues and qualify it as production capacity as fast as possible and collect cash. And then, start all over.
Martin B. Anstice: Actually, Harlan, I don't think that the story is much different today than it was 3 months ago. I mean, at least, qualitative, I described the fact, last call that, having originally anticipated 2 customers investing at 20 in a significant way, we were seeing evidence that it might be one and, in fact, the quantified reset of WFE is made on that basis today, with our narrowed range. And there's a big debate and I don't know the answer to the debate at this point. Again, it is not so impactful to us. Is it a 20? Or are they skipping to go to 16, 14?I will tell you that the FinFET transition is a very tough one. It has a lot of complexity to it, in terms of technology transition and has a lot of complexity in terms of yielding, and it isn't going to be easy. But we have very capable customers around the world and, I believe, that they believe there are performance [ph] benefits in the end-device and cost benefits in terms of their business. And so, my presumption is, if the fabless community is on the same page, everybody's going to want to get there as fast as possible. But for an equipment company, we may be the last to know because it isn't so important.
Martin B. Anstice: I mean, but they're both -- obviously, they're both very important, not just in terms of growth, but they're both are important it in terms of defense. So they're getting a lot of our attention, but the biggest opportunity gain is, I would say, is in dielectric. And the success, frankly, that I would describe, the planar NAND share for the company is significantly above our average, kind of going into this transition. So that's a really fabulous result for the company, if it's exactly the same, and if it's better, that takes very good to very, very good, I guess.
Martin B. Anstice: I think I gave my best shot at answering that already. I -- clearly, there is one customer that, at least today, is leading the investments and the public commentary from them supports that. And clearly, there are a number of companies invested in creating an opportunity for competitive advantage with the FinFET transition. So maybe that's the slightly different story. But all things being equal, we would say, at this point, that the 20 nanometer is reasonably concentrated but broadening a little. And the 14 and the 16 FinFETs node is very early, obviously, and I think the foundry community wants to be -- everyone of them wants to be there first, for fairly intuitive reasons.
Martin B. Anstice: I guess, the only honest answer to that question is, there's always risk, but we don't see it today.
Martin B. Anstice: I think, it varies enormously by customer. And it's one of the things we talked about in the analyst meeting and, again, in the last call. There are timelines of PTOR decisions and they range by, probably a year, from first customer to last customer, and there are PTOR decisions for customers that range, I think, 2 years, probably. And so, whether it's resting on our laurels or not, we've got to manage the risk that when we think we've won, that we can protect that win, all the way through the adoption. And when we haven't won, that we can turn it around for a production buy. So I would say, generally, the 3D NAND environment is still, significantly, in flux. Certainly, when it comes to high-volume manufacturing, and that will probably be true for a reasonable period of time in calendar '14.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, it's a question I always ask the customer, and I have a sense that the answer that they give me is very similar to the answer that they'd probably give you. So I don't to have too much to add. Obviously, it shows up for us, in a tangible way, around patterning opportunities. And I would say, today, the recent disclosures we would only see as a positive, relative to an opportunity for Lam Research, principally in etch, but also, to some extent, in deposition. And I don't see downside to the SAM as we know it today, or the increased patents that we shared with you in our recent 2 analyst meetings. So for me, our job is to support the needs of the customer, and where they don't have any real alternative to patterning, they're going to look to us. And our job is to do that as economically as we can.
Martin B. Anstice: I guess, I can always be hopeful of that, and the reason I'm, perhaps, I'm hesitant is because, if I do, there are upsides that would show up a couple of years from now, right? When you've kind of gone beyond double and you're into quadruple and I even saw a presentation with octuple, the other day. Now whether that ever plays out, that's a number of years away and a lot can change on an EUV roadmap or a customer's device architecture between now and then. So we'll cross that bridge when we get there.
Martin B. Anstice: I like to say thank you, all, again, for your continued interest in the company. As you likely can extract from our discussion today, we're very pleased at the continued progress against our mission and vision objectives. We remain excited about our future opportunities and customer partnerships. Based on our current understanding, we expect an expanding WFE market through 2014, and believe that Lam is nicely positioned in the areas of technology transition. The legacy strength of the company bodes well for the generally anticipated memory investment expansion. The new products across each of our businesses continue to strengthen our competitiveness, and the culture and values of our new company are firmly established. We believe that action speaks louder than words and hope the demonstration of financial performance reported today, that's consistent with our model, is recognized generally as validating our vision and our strategies and execution capability broadly. Thank you, again. We look forward to meeting with key shareholders in the coming quarter to discuss these themes more. Thank you.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Sure, Mahesh. Happy to do it. I think and I tried, actually, to stick in my prepared remarks a couple of different times, that was financial models that we put out are still the best planning or working assumptions, in terms of managing and modeling our financial performance. So we're thinking about those things when we make decisions here and you should think about those models when you put your numbers together, so that's my first guidance. Within gross margin, there's always puts and takes, ups and downs, mix of different tool types matters. How hard running a factory matters, the types of think going on in the factory can impact utilization and things like that, so that's important to understand. There's puts and takes, always. And as I explained, with our spending in this quarter, oftentimes, you can get spending profiles that can be lumpy, there can be big programs that happen in 1 quarter or push from 1 quarter to the next. The total spending, across multiple quarters, probably doesn't change but within any given quarter, there can be ups and downs. And you saw that, a little bit, sequentially, in September. And when you go do the math on the December quarter, you see we get back to a spending level that is kind of more in line with the previous quarter, so there's always ups and downs. To run your models, please think about those financial models that we put out in the past.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Yes, I mean, Steve, we talked about $1.125 billion. Within that, I think memory is probably up a little bit. I think, we're seeing reuse in the logic space, so it's likely that, that's down a bit. Foundry, maybe a push to slightly up. I think you're going to see some spending in 20 and maybe some of the legacy stuff nodes behind that, down slightly. And then, spares. We do ship spares, which we don't talk all that much about. But that is driven by utilization, at times, and I think you probably know, utilization in the industry is down a little bit, so we're probably shipping a fewer spares next quarter.
Douglas R. Bettinger: That is a really good question. I would say, as a general theme, and it's one of the reasons that the mission statement of the company doesn't just say, "We want to be an innovator of technology." It says we want to be an innovator of technology and productivity solutions. I mean, the economics, for everybody, is such that we kind of deliver more to the customer around the productivity for many reasons, including the ones that you cited. That would be my general answer. At a specific level, particularly, when you get very significant changes in the definition of SAM and the most obvious example is deposition in 3D NAND. Productivity is a huge play. It isn't the only play, because there's a lot of complexity to the deposition process, high aspect ratio, reentering profiles, a lot of complexity there, in metals and in dielectric. But one of the themes of the deposition business of Lam Research is a multi-sequential station deposition architecture. And so, I believe, we have the most competitive offering in terms of productivity throughput solution sets and also clean room density, which is hugely relevant to the costs and the issues that you're describing. So I believe you're right. And I believe that the product and technology roadmap of Lam Research is structured to contribute the most value to the customer and to reinforce the legitimacy of the share gains we're pursuing.
Douglas R. Bettinger: Patrick, there's always tons of opportunities to do things more efficiently and better. And in the technology industry, you have to do that every year, and we will be doing that as we get into the next calendar year. In terms of thinking about it, Patrick, I'd encourage you to go back those financial models that I referred to. We've kind of got a certain level of spending baked into those models and that really is how we're thinking about -- running and managing the company is making sure we achieve and attain those models that we've committed to you guys.
