Tim Archer: Sure. Harlan, I'll take that and then Doug can add what he would like to. Clearly, I maybe – I walk you back since you kind of sets us as a baseline three or six months ago. The very first call of this year we laid out a view that Memory spending really wouldn't recover for this entire year. You just heard Doug kind of reiterate that again. But that didn't mean that through the year we wouldn't see progress, progress in sentiment progress in both the supply side and maybe the demand side. And so I guess, what I would say is incrementally you are hearing commentary about the demand side. I talked about elasticity. You've heard that also from some others even closer to those markets than us. So I think that you're starting to see some sentiment in NAND that is – are positive signs. Back six months ago we also said that, given the timing in which NAND corrected versus DRAM that NAND corrected earlier, and therefore would be likely the first market where we would see end demand increases as well as pricing and market improvements. What we've tried not to do and it's just challenging given the uncertainty in the market is pin down exactly when that happened. So we have put an end year supply growth rate number out there which was we said on the last call and we reiterate now in the range of about 30% supply growth for NAND as we exit the year. And that's about 10 points below what Lam sees as long-term demand growth. And so again, what we said is at that point it feels like the market will have tightened and investment could return, but obviously pinning that exact timing is challenging. I feel like the year in terms of supply improvement demand improvement discipline is playing out very close to what we thought it would with a whole lot of moving parts but in general and as I said directionally very much likely we thought at the beginning of the year. I don't know if Doug has anything to add.
Tim Archer: Yes. I think it's hard to say to tie one directly to the other. What we said as we came into this year is that China domestic spending would be stronger this year than last year. And I would say that at this point in the year, we feel maybe it's even somewhat stronger than that and so demand from domestic China or indigenous Chinese customers is strong as Doug pointed out. I think to this point of exactly what's driving that I think there is obviously long-term demand and a long-term desire to build more domestic capability. When I think about China, it's -- the biggest challenge for us really is the uncertainty that a lot of the trade discussions probably put not only the investment plans of indigenous Chinese customers, but also in the global players who are a little less certain about how those issues might play into the demand environment. So we're just trying -- we're managing through this. We've said our position in China is strong from a market share perspective and I think as you start to see some of the indigenous Chinese customers move into Memory, I would assume that our market share position should get even stronger. So, it's an important region for us but we track what's going on there closely and manage it as we see best.
Tim Archer: Yes. That's a great question. In fact we said last time that as we move through the year and perhaps our Investor Day when we hold it next we might break out a little bit more detail on the size of semi-critical as a percentage of our total so we're not prepared to do that today. But it is -- the semi-critical is a meaningful part of the etch market. In terms of -- but I think it's also important and I really want to make sure that the message doesn't get lost. Our core strength, our core business is the critical market, but if you have ambitions to grow and outperform the industry in the long-term, you have to also be competitive in semi-critical. And so, I think that we look at our performance in the last quarter I didn't talk about it, but we successfully defended critical positions in all markets in the last quarter. And so that was a statement and that's kind of how we go every quarter thinking we have to get done is defend our critical positions. Where we have the opportunity to grow is by taking semi-critical positions away from the competition. There the defining factor is much more about productivity. As I think I mentioned in the last call or at least in one of our conferences, productivity is something that the company knows how to do by learning from what has been done for a long time on the deposition side where I would say a larger fraction of the market exists within the semi-critical space. And so what we tried to highlight in the prepared remarks today is refocusing some of our efforts to ensuring that our productivity that we're delivering to customers is best-in-class can yield wins for Lam in the semi-critical etch space. We gave you examples both in the conductor etch space as well as the dielectric etch space. And so obviously that's -- can be interpreted as against two different competitors. So I think we're making progress there. I think just stay tuned and we'll continue to report how we're doing against those efforts.
Tim Archer: Sure. Okay. Great. It's funny, so maybe I'll just come out with a very clear statement at the beginning, because we get asked -- when the EUV question gets asked, it's often -- at least, I interpret it as kind of like, is this going to have a negative impact on Lam's business. So, I guess, what I'd like to start just by saying is, at this point we view Lam -- EUV as being good for Lam. And maybe I'll just run you through a couple of reasons for that. I mean, we're aligned with this idea, which, I think, is held be many of our customers, that EUV is part of the answer to cost-effective scaling. And cost-effective scaling is what's needed for new technology nodes. New nodes are important to Lam, as you can guess. I just said our critical application business is the core of our business. Critical applications, kind of, new ones get created when technology advances from node to node and so that's part of our growth strategy is, continue to win the next critical applications are being developed. New nodes also create SAM expansion opportunities for Lam. When there's a new node, I mean, there's new materials and new architectures where Lam can use etch and deposition more effectively. We win new positions. And in terms of a negative impact, I mean, multiple patterning, we've said also very clearly, continues to grow even with EUV. We've said obviously, it doesn't grow -- multiple pattern, it doesn't grow as fast as if EUV doesn't exist. But, again, our view is, that's one of those hypothetical futures that, it's hard to say exactly how many wafers will get produced in the future of future nodes without EV. So, it's a long way of saying, I think, EUV in total is good for Lam. Now, I also said, I think, on our last call that EUV is a big technology transition and you kind of pointed out, the speed with which it gets introduced has a lot to do with productivity. And we think that Lam has a significant role that we can play in helping improve, by using etch and deposition we can improve the productivity over the patterning module as a whole. And if we can do that, then it creates new opportunities for etch and deposition and we're partnering with ASML on those opportunities and I think we -- it's a big area of focus for us. Specifically, to your question, like, for introduction in Logic and Foundry, I think, our view is consistent with industry consensus. So I don't have a lot to say there. Around the question of 1z insertion, again, I think you know probably what has been said. It's clearly not the general consensus that DRAM and D1z will commonly use EUV. I mean, it's a node where people will talk -- at least one customer, as you said, is talking about putting it in kind of as maybe the learning node. But I think that I don't have anything else to add to it than that.
Tim Archer: Yes. No, I think in terms of, especially, etch and depth intensity has changed in a pretty dramatic way since, what's the time? But I agree with everything Doug said. Our comments are -- have been, we're clearly at a point where we believe that supply growth spending is insufficient to meet long-term demand growth. So, however you want to call that, Doug, bottom or trough, as Doug said, we don't really want to do that, but it's -- this feels like the majority of investment is really around technology at this point.
Tim Archer: Good they took the numbers off the table for me. But I think maybe the first time we've said and we feel quite confident is, in kind of the Logic Foundry world. Our share gains for a variety of reasons both through wins, but also new applications that we've gained our share gains are gains between 10, 7 and 5. And so we feel quite confident that part of that is intensity in etching that deposition, part of that is new applications that created get created its new processes. And so, while we haven't quantified it, I would say that, as I said in my EUV commentary, every technology transition is an opportunity for us to gain new applications and gain share. We feel really good about the progress we've made. It sometimes gets lost in the -- in this overlying story about memory and memory spending. And how much impact it has on our business. But we're feeling quite good about our momentum in Logic and Foundry both.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I'm not sure I can share with you other than it continues to progress in the marketplace. It's again, when I talked about semi-critical applications, where customers are really focused on trying to optimize the productivity of existing fabs. And one element to productivity of fab is how often you have to actually have technicians or people going and doing maintenance on tools. And the Kiyo product with the Kiyo -- product with the Corvus Are, the self-maintaining tool is part of that answer. Now, obviously, there's not a lot of spending going on in some of those segments, but we feel this is another example of where we've introduced the right product that one spending recovers in the Memory market, they should be perfectly targeted to the types of tools that customers want to put in to all those new fabs they're building right now. Thanks C.J.
Tim Archer: Okay. Well, I don't think that we're going to quantify that because it's kind of a competitive piece of information that would -- we wouldn't want to divulge here, but it does, I mean, to your point it takes a longer time to etch higher aspect ratio features, and I think that it's relatively well known that that increase is non-linear with the number of layers, meaning, the etch becomes longer non-linearly with the number of layers that are being created. And that's simply due to the etch process physics themselves, physics and chemistry. And so more layers has a positive impact on -- for Lam on the number of etch tools that are required to accomplish that etch. Now what I would say is that there's a constant battle, I mean, to keep the cost of ownership reasonable for customers, we're continuously working on productivity of every etch we deliver to the customer, including critical etches like the whole -- the 3D whole etch. So not prepared to quantify today, but it is a positive grower for us.
Tim Archer: No. Definitely in my mind, it's not a euphemism for lower price. Productivity is in many ways is much of a technology challenges as any other. And so we're attacking productivity, we are attacking it fundamentally from equipment and hardware and process design in a way that we deliver increased productivity with the cost structure of the tool that allows us to deliver corporate average gross margins for those applications. That's our expectation. And so that sometimes takes time and will require us in many cases to think long and hard about how our tools are designed, but that is the expectation that I have for winning in that space.
Tim Archer: Well, I think maybe kind of no, but you should come back to the -- but you we're getting closer and closer to our market share targets that we put out for 2021. So I guess you can think of these as we've come out and we have said that we would gain four to eight points of share within etch and four to eight points within deposition by 2021. That was our last stated set of objectives. And when you think about progress we already made in our share positioning critical that's where you move to semi-critical and you say a fair bit of that share gain four to eight points is going to come from those types of wins. That's why what we wanted to highlight today that we feel we're just at the start of making some of the progress towards that type of share gain.
Tim Archer: Yes, no. I think there's a -- you referenced back to a point in 2017. We look at those all the time to think about what's different in our business. And what you have to look at is that as we transition through 2017, it was a massive growth cycle for us. And while we have a very flexible operating model, some of the physical infrastructure that we have to put in place to meet a $3 billion quarterly revenue run rate some of that physical capacity has not been taken offline and it does affect gross margin to some degree. We are confident that that kind of physical capacity is what's needed to be able to respond when our customers do ramp as Memory spending recovers. So flexible operating model Doug talked about temporary workforce, but in some cases there were costs put in which are still with us. Doug, I don't know if you have...
Tim Archer: Yes. I think that I mean what I was trying to message is that at almost every node our customers, the industry has realized that 3D scaling is a key part of the answer both to device performance as well as cost scaling. And for us 3D scaling really means etch and deposition intensity tends to increase. Obviously we're still a little ways away, I mean we're highly engaged with 3-nanometer but final decisions ultimately get made relative to structures and architectures in the future. But it's really a message around etch and dep intensity to create 3D architectures. It's also why I pointed out in case it was missed the 3D architecture that's emerging in the heterogeneous integration or advanced packaging space, which again is 3D chip stacking and how Lam's etch and deposition will play a role in that. So what I was trying to just translate it I believe that 3D and etch and dep intensity kind of is fanning out across all device types in the future.
Tim Archer: Well, I guess as -- what we've said is that etch and deposition are really key to continued scaling in 3D NAND and so etch and deposition intensity scales with number of layers. So from that perspective measuring share of the customer's total spend on 3D NAND, it will -- we do believe it can and will go higher.
Tim Archer: I'm not going to get specific but okay. Well, this is -- look and this is also why I talk about the importance of performing really well in the semi-critical space. Critical applications that the reason we like them is they're hard to win and it takes often a generation or two to sort of prove yourself out. Those are less likely to switch due to some short-term event. Semi-critical or less critical applications are much more driven by can you accomplish that task at a certain targeted productivity point? So I think that there are a number of applications that we would be targeting where we're highly capable of doing those. And if the customer is motivated to give Lam a try, we're motivated to jump in there and show what we can do.
Tim Archer: No. Nothing from my perspective that's out of the ordinary. In fact that was why I kind of started my comments with. For the most part, given some different puts and takes the year's playing out not that differently than we had originally thought from the standpoint of moving through a down cycle in Memory.
Doug Bettinger: No. Perfect Tim. I don't really have anything to add. You're starting to see Harlan you alluded to it some of the early indications that the market is getting healthier is turning. And inevitably I think we all know it's a question of when not an if that memory spending will recover and that continues to be how we see it.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. John, it's Doug again. Yes, I still expect our installed base business to grow this year. And again, your observation is absolutely right. This business will ebb and flow somewhat with industry overall utilization. And I think it's pretty well understood that some of the Memory -- some of our Memory customers are reducing utilization to a certain extent, including from a power outage. And so, as a result of that, things like spares consumption will decrease for a period of time. But this business will still grow this year. And it grows along with growth and chamber count. And as we've been saying, our view even though WFE is down so much, chamber count will still grow this year. So the tailwind of the business over the next several years continues to be pretty good.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, yeah you're right the puts and takes. We're still suggesting WFE this year is down, mid-to high teens. And within that there are puts and takes. Memory is somewhat softer than we were describing, a quarter ago. And Foundry is a little bit stronger, maybe a decent amount stronger. And when I look at the profile of that investment, the spending in Memory is somewhat first half weighted. The spending in Foundry and Logic is somewhat second half weighted. And when you put it all together, I think WFE this year will be a little bit weighted to the second half.
Doug Bettinger: No. We've never guided revenue half on half. We've always and maybe I was misinterpreted talking about WFE.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Tim, I mean, I haven't communicated a numeric target for leverage or total cash or anything like that. But if you look at what we've done over the last several years I think we've had an inclination to provide meaningful cash back to shareholders. The cash generation capability of the business, continues to be amazingly strong right? We're coming off two quarters now of nearly 900 -- or approximately $900 million from operational cash flow. So our confidence in the ability to sustain cash generation is obviously much higher. And if you look at a metric like net cash, it's also why we've been comfortable bringing that down. And we've done that through raising, a little bit of debt and consuming the cash by both dividends and more towards share buyback. At some point, we'll probably have an investor event again and talk a little bit more about it. But I'm not ready to change what we've described in the past, which has been we're going to return at least 50% of free cash flow to shareholders. And what you've seen us do is a whole lot more than that over the last several years.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. C.J., I'm going to let Tim actually talk about the direction. We haven't quantified it. And we're not ready to do that on the call. But Tim is pretty well versed in the trajectory. So if you can cover that.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah, West. Too soon for us to get into specifics on this. Really the commentary around setting up for a better year next year, it's all about Memory recovering in terms of investment levels. We'll give you more color on it when we get a little closer to next year, and I'm sure a lot's going to move around in there. But as we sit here today and look at the level of investment occurring in Memory and the growth rates of bits exiting the year and whatnot, we believe the level of investment there needs to go up next year and that's the nature of the comments.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah. Joe, we described in the past view that plus or minus there's investment levels of $5 billion from indigenous China relative to WFE this year. As we look at it now, a little bit stronger than that quite honestly. The strength is coming from Memory primarily. And I think you know what's going on. There's several Foundry customers there the big one is SMIC. They continue to be a very important customer for us. You got YMTC investing in NAND and then emerging DRAM investments. The uptick relative to prior communication I think it's been primarily related to Memory both a little bit of NAND a little bit of DRAM.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I mean, Joe, I think they're going to continue to keep innovating on the technology, they're going to keep getting better and better at what they do and it wouldn't surprise me if they can continue to invest at higher levels as we go forward. I'm not ready going to quantify it for you, but they're working very, very diligently on innovating the technology.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek when I look at it, I don't think there's significant pull-ins occurring in what we're seeing happening. And I say that because we sort of knew our customers' plans as the year began. And when I look at it for the most part, they're executing to those plans. It's also important I think to understand that a lot of the investment in China is not indigenous Chinese customers, right? You've got the Koreans building fabs, Taiwanese, U.S. companies. So understand that a broad swathe of the spending in China isn't necessarily the indigenous Chinese customers. That's generally how I see that.
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Vivek, I wouldn't assume or you shouldn't assume there's differential gross margin by end of market necessarily meaning Foundry to Logic to Memory. That's not the way it works. Generally, there are -- it's what I always say that the larger customers, because they're buying more may tend to get a little bit better pricing simply because they're buying more from us relative to discounts sometimes. Not always, but obviously when you look at revenue down the way it is that's probably one of the bigger contributors right now. And Tim, would you want to...
Doug Bettinger: That's certainly a piece of it. In fact last quarter, record level for our Reliant business, which is our refurbished equipment. So the answer Patrick is yes.
Doug Bettinger: Yeah Sidney. No, I don't think we've quantified this in the past. And I don't think we're ready to on the call right now. So I'm going to decline to answer the question.
Timothy Arcuri: Thanks so much. Doug, I guess both of my questions are for you. The first one is I'm wondering if you can update us on the comments you gave, I think on second half versus first half loading? Obviously, your full year WFE has not changed. But the mix has changed a little bit. It seems like maybe a little bit less in your favor. So can you update us on the second half versus first half of this year? Thanks.
Timothy Arcuri: I guess Doug, I was more talking about your shipments, but I think you had previously guided your shipments or your revenue second half versus first half. So I'm wondering if you can update that.
Timothy Arcuri: Okay, awesome. Okay and then I guess my second question Doug is you're doing $12 annualized in a pretty nasty Memory cycle systems for Memory are cut in half and total system shipments are down somewhere in the range of 14% from the peak. Obviously it's much down than really anything in the past. So I guess the question is how do you think about how to optimize the capital structure in the balance sheet as you come out of this? You have bought back a ton of stock but I'm wondering how you think about the right balance sheet leverage targets, as you look out over the next few years? Thanks.
