Martin Anstice: Yes. I think that's fair, Jim. And the use of the word aggregate was deliberate. I mean one of the kind of reality is obviously when we're opining on what's changing in the industry outlook. Each of us have a baseline and just occasionally those baselines are the same, and just case they are different, sometimes we are anticipating announcement, sometimes we are not. But what has changed quite clearly is we've seen the public disclosure from the logic and foundry space that I think is well understood in the Industry for us, we've got some pretty kind of positive and meaningful offset in logic in or around image sensor application opportunity so that's kind of an offsetting positive. And the memory investments in 3D NAND is little stronger than we had anticipated in the second half. So I think now we've gone kind of three sequential earnings scores with slightly better outlook in 3D NAND so if you back up two we said we thought planar  0:24:59.0 was greater than 3D NAND. Then we said that we thought they were about the same. And today we said we believe 3D is slightly stronger than planar investments in the calendar year. So that's go little bit better. And in DRAM, the investment level is probably slightly higher than we anticipate it, but I would have say this slightly more efficient because the balance of conversions got slightly stronger and you remember the odds which we talk about in DRAM really not technically as because they are just a compensation of the consequence of technology transition. So we had some foundry and some kind of micro processor negative, we had some image sensor, some 3D NAND and some DRAM kind of positive. And at the end of the day, our WFE number I think is within $200 million or $300 million today where we estimated to be in January.
Martin Anstice: I think it is pretty distributed, Jim. I have a sense at this point that everybody is kind of invested in the substance and the reality and the benefits of the transition and the investments are recurring at a difference pace obviously from one customer to another. But as best I can tell everybody is describing an ambition to have HVM capability in calendar 2016, which means they are investing in a meaningful way in the second half of this year to accomplish that objective. 
Martin Anstice: I think that number is not a bad reference point today, these numbers are when you are talking about additions they are pretty big numbers for 5,000 or 10,000 wafer stock. So I am not sure I would extract a very meaningful headline today in terms of number of wafer stock. Similar commentary today. I do think that perhaps our view is that there is maybe 10,000 wafer stocks of capacity shipped in but it won't be kind of productive and installed by the end of calendar year. So we probably have revised our outlook in terms of what will be in process being qualified. But it doesn't play role at all in terms of supply and demand balance in the industry. So it is same message more or less. 
Martin Anstice: Yes. It is little dangerous to say we are like really, really, really confident gives life doesn't ever work as exactly as you anticipate it. But I do think the headline of discipline in the industry that we talked about a lot now is a valid assumption for the rest of the year. I think the entire supply chain is invested and accomplishing that objective. None of us get excited about wild swings in the volumes of our business. And frankly one of the things that doesn't make me feel good today, the only kind of primary change that we are talking about today in DRAM is that they got more efficient. So it is a slightly bigger number of investments but the value delivered from those investments in the industry is greater than we originally anticipated because there is now a greater proportion of investments assigned to conversions than we originally kind of thinking. So that's a very positive headline from my point of view regarding sustainability. And let's not forget that even with the pace of investment we are describing here, by the time you get to the end of calendar 2015, probably two thirds if not slightly more of the installed base has yet to be upgraded to the 20 nanometer technology node. So that's and I think a multiyear sustainable statement. 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say at jumbo [ph] level and it is kind of segment unspecific. The more efficient the spending for the customer the more sustainable their investment is and the more likely they are to be successful. So we actually in general are very positive when we see conversions and upgrades. Specific to the first part of your question, while I am not trying to that I could apply on a percentage per se for 3D NAND but I definitely think it is the majority of spending next year. And as best I can tell most of the plans of the customers is not Greenfield. Their existing facilities and their conversion based and the implications of that to while research are very good because 3D NAND transition is deposition and etch intensive as you know and so we care about sustainability, conversions are very good. And whether it is new or conversion the debt on ex component is going to be disproportionately and positively a big feature of that spending.
Martin Anstice: Well, the memory component obviously features in a pretty meaningful way as communicated by Doug's segmentation comments on March quarter and on the June outlook. Right so in terms of rank order first half of the year, there is a very strong message for us there. But the outperformance commentary from the company as a by productive kind of three inflections we've talked a lot about right so multi patenting, 3D device transition in memory and logic both and advanced packaging, these are the reasons we said we would with execution outperform and these are the very same reasons that we are outperforming. They are real and our focus is execution. I mean you heard me say in my closing that intensity of focus on execution here is kind of everything because we have at least by the decisions of customers set ourselves up for a greater than 50% market share of inflection based business. And as long as we execute that the story for the company is extremely positive. And so we got a little bit of kind of momentum on that obviously from a memory point of view in the first half relative to our model, it is clear and we talked about it several times, we are growing the company a little faster than we had originally anticipated in large part because of the multi patenting transition that we are accelerating particularly in DRAM earlier and faster than we originally modeled. And we are working really hard to make sure all the profitability of that growth kind of plays out consistent with our models and that's the reason why we don't change this model more than kind of once a year. So I feel really good about our growth and there are a lot of people in Lam Research really busy making sure growth is profitable. 
Martin Anstice: We have tweaked less planar conversion than we originally anticipated. But our assessment today has been in overall NAND WFE investment is greater today than we anticipated in January. So there are some adjustments but the dollars of investment today we believe are higher than we anticipated in January. Just a little bit, Patrick. 
Martin Anstice: May be we need to remind everybody we are actually not a NAND memory company. I guess we have perspective but our perspective is never as reliable as our customers on this point. It is a little hard frankly to applying on capital intensity from where we sit. We have a very good visibility to deposition and etch and indeed a 48 pair has more intensity of deposition and etch than a 32 pair and 60 have more than 48 and so on so forth. Now performance benefits and yields all have to kind of play out for the substance and validity of those plans to kind of emerge. So we are not really articulating a headline today that I think is the byproduct of the number of pairs and a device changing from our expectations in January today. I think more we are articulating that some of our customers have made to kind of some changes in their plans a little bit around the balance of planar and 3D investment. So I think that's more the message than the kind of layer account.
Martin Anstice: Yes. I can if I get a slide in front of me. Okay, here we go, so we have today an assumption of between kinds of I would say 8.5 and 9.4 DRAM. So you can answer the NAND's question. There is a little bit of other memory but 8.5 to 9 is our assumption on DRAM. 
Martin Anstice: So I mean we feel really good about the growth in the company. Hopefully that's kind of clear, we are working really hard to make sure we get the profitability expansion that we were targeting and the most stressful point as we talked about many, many times is the gross margin percentage is still one which is a very, very, very hard thing to execute to because you have kind of competing influences in terms of introducing kind of technology as fast as you can possibly get it to the customer and at the same time maturing it, so that in HVM buy in a high volume environment, the economics are where you want them to be and that's a really tough thing to pull off. And the long-term success of the company is more important than short term success. And our customers have high expectations of our industry that contribute to their business and so we are really focused as Doug just said on the long-term financial models that we've given you and we feel really good about growth and we are working really hard on profitability. 
Martin Anstice: The only thing that I would add is relative to we kind of target for cash from operations, we don't really and we kind of pulling out there for you guys but clearly the operating income performance of the company is a decent proxy in the long term for our cash from operations performance. And in practice when it is higher or lower that's much more to do with the direction of the industry and the company than anything else. So if business volumes are in a positive direction i.e. growing at the end of this calendar year then we will be much more likely investing in even more growth and so may be you don't drive cash from operation as strong as your operating income if the reverse is true then you drive better cash from operations. So that tends to be how we think about it over a multiple year horizon, the operating income percentage is a good proxy for us in terms of cash from operations performance. 
Martin Anstice: Yes. I would say I mean historically the markets where reuse is featured significantly have had limited number of kind of dye in a fab and align and so microprocessor fab and memory fab have historically been kind of the perfect models of equipment reuse and our customers get better at that and we get better at supporting them and frankly it is in everybody's best interest in the long term that we are able to kind of execute collectively consistent but as it always the case there is two sides to every coin and one of the reality is as an equipment company is the profitability level measured by percentage of profitability is often greater on kind of the conversion the upgrade than the original equipment sale. And so you get a smaller dollar but you get better kind of leverage in terms of the percentages. In the foundry space specifically I would say where you have a really big customer with a much focused demand requirement in terms of the number of dye then you have an opportunity for reuse in ways that in a typical foundry with many customers and much dye you don't have. And we don't actually see any change today from the world that we anticipate it, maybe we were lucky or maybe we put a lot thought into anticipating it well but I think we've been saying for a year we expected the equipments for 16 nanometer foundry by to have 90% to 95% overlap with the 20 selection. There is a lot of reuse potential and our outlook today in terms of investments in foundry is just the same as it was before. Obviously, considering the recent announcement from at least one foundry customer. 
Martin Anstice: I think from a hardware perspective we are in decent shape, Krish, as is the case of hardware it gets you about 25% of the --results on the wafer and the rest of it is kind of process and the material integration. And so there is always a lot of work to do in terms of precursor development and then process to get uniformity and selectivity and conformality that we are targeting as a level of yield performance that make sense for our customers and I think we are off to a great start. We are coming from behind as you know in ALD; pick a momentum of the company I would say is very positive. And as I mentioned in my prepared comments today, we are taking kind of a very focused foundation and platform of growth and we are trying to broaden the applications now, but we have got tough competition and we respect their capability as I hope just a little bit they might respect ours. 
Martin Anstice: Yes, I mean I don't think that we have a position that is different from the industry on bit growth in any segment of the industry. We try to kind of triangulate as best we can and the high 20s and kind of 30 levels is I think where the industry is. And I think it is a very disciplined commitment by our customers. It doesn't serve anybody's interest for anybody to get ahead of this thing and you got a lot of discipline through consolidation. And capable as you know supply chain for that to continue. So I hope it does.
Martin Anstice: Well, I think we are not a very representative competitive to answer that question because our participation in this inflection is a deposition and etch participation, that's a very kind of powerful place to be. But we don't really to get applying on capital intensity for the industry. I don't think there is another company in the equipment industry; they are doing much better job than us doing that. But I would say we are very invested in the opinion that our customers are focused on sustainability of investments and they are going to do at least as much as you might want them to do in terms of conversions to make it efficient and sustainable. So what is that mean for us? I think it means we are in the right place at the right time with the right products and if we execute we can continue to strength together some outperformance. 
Martin Anstice: Yes is the answer to that. But I think that's just kind of headline on the intensity of etch from a conversion point of view. It is a very favorable transition for us. And it is a commentary on the patenting transition in etch and deposition both. So we believe that the total wafer fabrication equipment investment in DRAM is a slightly higher than we thought, we believe it is more efficient to my earlier point and we believe it should stay for the second of deposition and etch. 
Martin Anstice: Well, as I said before at least in the dialogues that we have for the customers we are not really distinguishing too much between 20, 16 and 14. I mean there is a huge amount of kind of overlap in terms of equipment. The basic message today we think is the one that was communicated to you publicly in the last couple of weeks that there is commitments to technology conversions and a little bit less today at the 14, 16 kind of node for the year from an industry perspective than was originally anticipated. But I think that the basic commitment to FinFET conversion first wave and then the pilot investment in 10 nanometer are there. So that would be my comments on foundry. And we are assuming by the end of this year that the capacity that has been shipped in at or less than 20 nanometer is in the range of 200,000 to 210,000 wafer stocks per month.
Martin Anstice: Yes. Which is disclosure by the way we made at SEMICON west a year ago. So I was really just kind of repeating that based on our assessment of critical and non-critical applications in that segments, we think the 90% headline that we communicated in SEMICON west is valid today. And in fact as I said in my prepared comments we had a nice kind of reinforcement of that in a selection this quarter. 
Martin Anstice: No. I would say it is very kind of constant competitive threat and I don't think it is anything new. The reason by the way I said we don't disclose it is because the value of the critical position is much less to do with the percentage of the business. And it is a reasonable percentage; otherwise I wouldn't bother telling you. The value proposition of the critical win is you create cycles of learning for your company that your competition does not have. And if you do that long enough then your ability to be successful broadly in a market place is greater than their. So it is -- value is not the percentage, the value is the learning and the critical feature and capability that we developed broadly in the market place. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes, Tim, as you know in this business you don't have perfect clarity in the second half when you are siting here at the end of March. But our expectation is as Martin described a strong second half. There are may still be a slight bias to the first half in terms of shipments, it is probably not loss on you that deferred revenue this quarter such that there might be more balance in revenue than shipments but honestly we are going to guide one quarter at a time. Still a bit early for us to give you definitive visibility in the second half but little bit of color anyway. 
Doug Bettinger: It will hold steady, we said that revenues little stronger in June, total spending will tick up slightly less but it is probably in a pretty steady state level through the next quarter or so.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I don't that we got kind of perspective to that much different from the rest of the industry. So I think we kind of more or less aligned to grow up to that message. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes. C J, I am not ready to update the financial model. You should expect to hear an update from us when we get to our investor event at SEMICON. Obviously, I feel good about what we are tracking relative to that model but I am not ready to give you any update today. 
Doug Bettinger: There is nothing different on the economic side. It is a little bit of new tools. It is also the fact that we are shipping this to some new fabs and it can sometimes take little bit longer to get the acceptance in that situation. 
Doug Bettinger: Stephen as always in technology you have to be innovating your capability such that you are growing revenues two years down the road. The right way to think about the level of our spending, I would encourage you to go back and look that financial model that will answer the question for you. 
Doug Bettinger: Yes, hi, Harlan, it is pretty evenly split in terms of the sequential improvement gross margin between tool maturation one which is about manufacturability as well as the slight running out of the customer base. So it is a little bit of both. Relative to expectations beyond that, again the reason I point to the financial model it is how we are thinking about the profitability of the company and how we are trying to run the company. So we are kind of in the sweet spot where you would expect us to be. If you go back and look at those model so this probably steady as you go for the most part.
Doug Bettinger: Yes. I am not going to give you the hard percentages. As I said memory will remain strong so that's plus or minus what we did in March likely and I said I expect logic and foundry both be sequentially stronger. I am not going to get into quantifying it specifically but that's a directional body language on it.
Doug Bettinger: Well, we are not changing the plans of the company as we sit today. So I told you we are 55% of the way through the two year buyback authorization and we are about like end of the quarter we are 11 months into it, so that's got a ways to play out, I described part of that debt that we raised targeted towards refinancing the 2016 convertible notes. And beyond that our priorities for cash are first the profitable reinvestment of the business. We are absolutely committed to returning cash to shareholders. I don't have an update for you on the program that we got in place. And then you got to invest in CapEx and the business as well. So that's how we are thinking about there.
