Martin B. Anstice: I'm not sure I quite get the second part of your question, but certainly on the first part, as is always the case, the subtleties of the timing of requests by our customers, frankly, from one month to another and one week to another or one day to another is such that it's a little bit unhelpful sometimes trying to extract meaningful conclusions even from kind of quarterly progressions. And so I don't think there's a fundamental message for us to be communicating today relative to shipments momentum in the guidance that we've given for June. I do think that the shipments for Lam, certainly, as we're modeling that against the wafer fab outlook that we've communicated, we're expecting the shipments for Lam are approximately kind of equal first half and second half. And at a segment level, that would probably translate for us to have Foundry/Logic first half maybe in the mid-50s, a 55, 45 split approximately and memory maybe slightly in the opposite directions. So 47, 48 range for first half, 52 to 53 second half. So that's about the best that I can probably give you on the shipments at this time.
Martin B. Anstice: Sure. Why don't we pick up the next question, and I'll look up that exact number for you and then, include them in the answer to the next question.
Martin B. Anstice: So the answer to Satya's question is down about $1 million, so year-over-year that's modest statement. Relative to leverage, Jim, I think that there's clearly 2 things going on today. There's the conversation about leverage, and then, there's the conversation about customer concentration. And we worked really hard to deliver the same variability and cost structure today that we did last year, 2 years ago, 5 years ago, 10 years ago. The outsourcing initiative is still alive and well in our company. And to illustrate that point, when I look at the shipments momentum in the company, March over December, we had a pretty sizable increase in the shipments percentage of the company, and yet the underlying gross spending in the company associated with factory and field increased only by a single-digit percentage. So there's a very healthy statement of leverage in the kind of transactional base cost structure of the company. What is challenging for us and perhaps even more challenging for us in the midst of our peer equipment companies because of our kind of relative lack of position in certain segments is customer concentration. And we certainly were sitting here 3 months ago speaking to you about the fact that customer concentration was extraordinarily high in the March quarter. The outlook at that time had us conclude that by the time we got to June that would be kind of much more normalized, then we'd expect some pickup. And as I think everybody on the call knows that since that time, the public announcements that have been made by customers have actually kind of stretched the concentration into the June quarter. And that's why the message is, today what it is, I feel pretty good about the margin uptick for the company. I think when you look at kind of the sequential performance, March to June, that we've guided, the absolute dollars of revenue, that pickup is reasonable. But the headline still for the first half is customer concentration is still meaningfully above the average of last year. And when we look at the full year, I don't know that I would conclude that actually the full calendar year gets close to kind of the participation levels, broadly, that we saw in 2011. Meaning, that in spite of the fact that things get better, I don't think they get back to the same level of participation that we saw in 2011. And maybe just to frame that, our assumption on wafer fabrication equipment spending, so I kind of talked about an outlook of the year of 30 to 32. We're assuming the top 3 guys are in the $18 billion to $20 billion range combined.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, just to be sure that you interpreted the numbers I stated a little earlier correctly, and you might well have done so I apologize here. But I was saying when I gave you some numbers on first half, second half memory that we were thinking about the 47, 48 level for memory first half and second half, 52, 53 range. And clearly, the outlook for the company is based on the complete sets of investments, DRAM and NAND. When we look at the memory segments, clearly DRAM is all about conversion and upgrades, and there's very little incremental capacity this year. I think, certainly, as we look at plants today, 20,000 wafer starts of addition in DRAM would probably on the optimistic side in outlook. So clearly when it comes to capacity adds, we're making an assumption today of about 130,000 wafer starts of additions, decent amount of upgrades. And in terms of upside, I would say there are some obvious moving parts. One of them is ultrabooks. And there appears to be, as best as I can tell, some pretty helpful AFP trajectories that might be timed well to be a catalyst for ultrabook demand around kind of back-to-school season. So I think we're sitting on the 800, 900 range and may be heading down to 800, 700 as a healthy catalyst. So there's plenty of room, clearly, for ultra books for SSD broadly as a percentage of mobile devices to gain momentum. But the price point is maybe still not quite where it needs to be. So we're assuming you have to be in the kind of $100 range to be a catalyst against the hard disk in solid state drives, and we're probably at about 140 to 110 depending on whether you take a commercial view of configurations versus the consumer. I think there is some upside in DRAM, but it's kind of too early to tell, frankly. And for me, feels much more about exactly what plays out second half in the hard disk space, how that plays out and impacts content because it appears like as kind of densities in hard disks have kind of contracted to manage the supply issues that it had a content consequence on DRAM as well. And I think there's some -- perhaps it can only get better, maybe that's my summary there.
Martin B. Anstice: It's always a little hard to tell frankly, Stephen, because the customers are motivated not to make kind of yield-specific issues public as anybody. And so what we are communicating to you today is the full set of statements, the demand from customers for whatever purpose, either getting ahead of capacity needs or executing timely. I would say their motivations are today very much to add when they need it.
Martin B. Anstice: I think to the first part of that question, the message today is very similar to the message that we communicated in the last earnings call. We do expect this to be a better year sequentially than last year around the proportion of wafer fab that is assigned to etch. Last year was about a 12% year, and we're assuming about 13%. And that's the byproduct of a bunch of things that we've talked about previously. So that I think in relative terms is a positive for the company. To your other point, there are some customer mix dynamics that I think are kind of net positive for us this year. And I would say a point or so of momentum is certainly not unrealistic to assume, at this point, around shipments market share related to that. And I think, secondarily, there are some emerging trends and many unanswered questions around, for example, which presents, perhaps not in this calendar year but in future calendar year, some opportunities for us.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean, I think, if you're breadth question is a question related to participation in the community of guys that could be adding capacity, I think it's the very broad level of investment today. And as I said a few months ago, we're assuming kind of a 55%, 56% first half; a 45%, 44% second half in terms of spending. And it's always extremely difficult, quite frankly, to separate capacity needs from yield needs because they're kind of one and the same thing. But we are assuming for the calendar year about 125,000 wafer starts of new capacity coming in, and a big part of that obviously is 28. And we're assuming that there's pretty healthy level of conversion by customers maybe up to the 40,000 to 50,000 wafer start level. So that's kind of the outlook we have right now for foundry.
Martin B. Anstice: My confidence is pretty solid, frankly. And I mean, that's a very strong statement in the context of the reality, and the reality is we're not one company and so we still have something to learn, despite the fact that we have integration teams working together. I mean, we're certainly working through -- substantially working through concepts into very specific strategies and very detailed plans. That process will conclude in the next month or so. And certainly the areas of cost reduction that we had identified and previously communicated still appear to be valid. And until we communicate something different, then the presumption is the $100 million that we have stated is the plan and the commitment and one of confidence by the company.
Martin B. Anstice: I think in relative terms it's actually quite similar. And I don't think there's, in the full-year, a big story. But the big customer concentration story that we're communicating today is the fact that June didn't quite play out in the way that we anticipated 3 months ago due to the announcements that we're in the public domain. They kind of prolonged the concentration message. And I think for the calendar year, the outlook today is more or less the same in terms of mix of participating customers as it was 3 months ago.
Martin B. Anstice: Relative to conversations, I'm not sure the conversations we're having are that much different than the conversations that you're probably having reading public announcements. I mean, I think certainly the big guys are communicating emerging demand for them to kind of begin to install that capacity and kind of tape outs are certainly kind of imminent. The equipment selection decisions are right on us. I mean, they're on us, some of them are behind us, and some of them are ahead of us. So there's clearly an expectation that there is some 20-nanometer qualification activities towards the back of the calendar year. And I would expect kind of production to occur in the '13 time frame. But if there is a statement of momentum, my instinct is it's a fairly positive one at this point.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, this is one of the sad realities, is there's almost no segment -- or there is no segment in this industry which doesn't have a tough competitive dynamic, so we have tough competitive period. The rationale, obviously, for us having a plain clean is all about an adjacent strategy for the marketplace is considerably more fragmented than the etch marketplace. The competitive dynamic is tough. The growth, as you quite rightly pointed out in your question, is occurring at a pace that is faster than over all WFE growth. And that reflects to, a large extent, the transitions that have been occurring now for the last 2 or 3 years, particularly at the front end from batch- to single-wafer processing. That is a trend that is kind of reaching the end of its most obvious kind of transition. So I think maybe in the '13 or '14 timeline, we'll see a single-wafer clean segment that is much more in tune with the pace of growth as the rest of wafer fab. As I articulated in my prepared comments, I feel like we've got a very competitive product portfolio, and we have meaningful strength and presence in the backside bevel and back-end-of-line clean applications. The area of focus for us, which unfortunately coincides with significant amounts of this batch to single wafer transition, is we are addressing some gaps in terms of products capability that, I think, in the 20-nanometer or sub-20-nanometer nodes spending situations will give us a lot more upside. But front-end-of-line is clearly not the competitive strength for our company today that it needs to be, that this it isn't the competitive strength that our back-end-of-line segment in clean is.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, relative to our shipment guidance, we didn't actually kind of provide a segmentation per se. But slightly more than 50% of the shipments guidance was in the foundry space. NAND is approximately at the 25% level, and DRAM is approximately at the 20% level. So that's kind of the segment story as it's reflected in the guidance today. And I think you're generally aware of kind of the recent inflection points and progressions. And clearly, the foundry is positive. Clearly, we've articulated a little bit more a cautious outlook in terms of bit growth and DRAM today than we did 3 months ago. So those were kind of 2 things I would call out in terms of changes.
Martin B. Anstice: I can see it trending up. Does that help you? There's -- clearly, I try to watch for questions like that. It's always a byproduct of specific mix in products and in customers and one of that's fraught with risk and complexity as I was speaking to. But the obvious headline, I hope, for everybody is the single biggest influence over today's margins relative to those of, let's say, last year at similar levels of output is the customer concentration. So if I were you attempting to model an answer to that question, I'd be looking at the recent past, comparing it today and extracting that. The recent past is not an unreasonable data point for the second half of the year. Now I don't think calendar '12 overcomes the customer concentration that exists in the first half. I think we'll still have customer concentration in calendar '12 that's greater than '11, and that shouldn't be as right to everybody. I think we all know what happened in that space in the industry, and it's the reality that every equipment company is now wrestling with.
Martin B. Anstice: I think, it's -- I mean, I think technically it's the same answer that I gave last quarter, although the number is slightly different. I mean, we -- I think I answered very specifically the last time. I think anything above the 40% bit growth drives capacity. I think today I'd say anything above 35% drives capacity. One of the interesting dynamics that I think we're all sensitive to is although we're looking at this thing called DRAM and saying bit growth of the 30% to 35% range, if you kind of get underneath that in each of the segments, PC DRAM bit growth this year is probably only about 15%. And then, you look at service work stations, cellphones and set-top boxes, each one of those has a bit growth expansion of more than 60, and the DRAM bit growth in tablets is above 100%, at least in terms of the modeling that we have. And so it's not going to take that much but something kind of needs to give clearly, and there's a mix of consumer dynamics with ultrabooks and a broader kind of notebook conversation. There's tablets and the broader notebook, and there's a supply uncertainty that makes it difficult to predict. But I would certainly say we would expect, based on what we know, that capacity additions occur on bit growth above or about 35%.
Martin B. Anstice: No. I think we have not seen material changes because, clearly, as we've spoken to, I think, now for most of the last year, the level of uncertainty that exists not just in the area of EUV and resulting kind of patterning scheme decisions, but materials planar to 3D structures, and if you want to throw in a wafer side, throw in that as well. There's clearly a ton of uncertainty in the customers parallel processing, a whole range of things, including trying to manage the risks. They don't understand everything they need to understand on the economics of EUV compare and contrast it to what's happening and making sure they're prepared to deliver what their customers are asking for on time. So that hasn't kind of fundamentally changed in the last few months, and frankly, I don't expect it to for the rest of this year. I think that reality of uncertainty will be with us right until the end.
Martin B. Anstice: We're, obviously, as I think probably we've consistently messaged in the last 5 or maybe even 10 years, we're not a big fan of trying to explain someone else's presentation of market share data because there's so much complexity with the assumptions. But as it turns out, the kind of basic headline both in relative terms, not necessarily on an absolute basis, but it comes out of Dataquest this year, is not that different from our own. To answer your question very specifically, the majority of what shows up on that slide is a byproduct of customer mix. And as spending customer mix changes, then the effect is immediate.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes, I mean I have said in the prior call that we've had a great run over a 10-year period, frankly, of kind of picking up healthy chunks of market share. I think we're in a more modest year. And I still believe that the plans of record for the company targeting 3 to 5 percentage points of share gain in etch over 3 to 5 years is as valid today as it did the first time we talked about it. So we're very focused as the byproduct to the investments we're making in establishing competitive differentiation in technology turns and productivity turns. And I do expect that we will gain some share in the transition from end to end plus one.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, if the customer mix in the back half of the year is the same as June, then probably yes is the answer to that. That's not what we expect. That's not what our customers are telling us. That's not what they're telling you, as best as I can tell in terms of the public announcements. But technically, if the mix in the second half of the year is the same as the mix that we see in June and the March quarter, then mathematically, it plays out in the same way. Now we're going to work our butt off dealing with cost structures, should that play out, to try and minimize the effects. But frankly, that's not what we're seeing today as an outlook.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, we have a view that etch and clean both stand to benefit from the transition, and that's a process time commentary, as well as a process steps commentary for 3D devices, and it's always incredibly difficult to try and speak to a consequence in terms of size of a marketplace. And the first thing that we can do, which is maybe the only thing I can speak to today, is to communicate how we believe the amount of process time will modify going from a plainar to 3D structure in NAND. And we believe that in etch and in single-wafer clean, process times could increase by 15% or so on the device integration schemes that we're working with customers on today. Now whether that translates itself into 15% increase in the TAM really is a byproduct of what happens to other segments and their process times. And it's a byproduct of the pricing on the systems that are sold to satisfy those capacity needs. But at a very basic process commentary, all things being equal, we think it's beneficial, and we think it's beneficial to the tune of about 15%.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. It's a little difficult to kind of compare and contrast the commentary from one company or another because we know our own assumptions on spending. We don't necessarily know ASML's. We're confident about our own because we dialogue with customers. And the segment bit growth for cellphones is pretty solid. It's probably above 100%, and the tablet bit growth is probably about the 60% level. And you've got some nice momentum in solid state drives as well, with probably about slightly in excess of 100% bit growth in that area as well. So I think there's kind of meaningful catalysts on the demand side of the equation. And I think the technical answer to your question is everybody participating, is yes. And whether they are participating more or less than their perfect plans or their plans I think to be determined. There's a lot of unanswered questions ahead of us in terms of economics. But to your point, it's a pretty healthy pricing in the cost environment today, and people are making money and long may that continue.
Martin B. Anstice: This year -- as I said a few moments ago, this year is a pretty kind of modest year for us in terms of share expansion. There's a lot of uncertainty in the marketplace and a lot of questions getting answered towards the back end of the year. Market share headline, for me, is very simple. We're still absolutely committed to the 3 to 5 objective for etch and the 5 to 10 objective for clean over the next 3 to 5 years. So the previously communicated objectives we still believe about it. And I think we get some modest traction on customer mix this year. But we're focused on getting differentiated more in the future than in the past and gaining share.
Martin B. Anstice: I think by virtue of the market share strength of the company, the incremental opportunity is, no doubt, going to be in dielectric. So we're still focused on gaining share in conductor, and we're blessed at some level by the weighting of conductor against dielectric kind of biasing the natural strength of the company. But kind of back-end-of-line dielectric is clearly the focus area for the company instead of the market share expansion. And the reality is a meaningful proportion of 20-nanometer positions have been made at least in terms of their DTOR selections and how much of those selections are ultimately influenceable and the transition into a fab is anyone's guess at this point.
Martin B. Anstice: The biggest? I mean, I think the 3D scheme that we touched on at least already in terms of the VNAND structure, obviously the FinFET, has a very similar profile, honestly, of kind of process expansion in the marketplace. I'd probably pick those 2. And I think patenting generally as an opportunity for the company, given the statements that the participate in. And a large part of that particularly in the QPT space is kind of still ahead of us. So there's almost kind of nothing of substance at least in the LELE scheme today in the marketplace, so I'd pick 3D transition, frankly, as the biggest catalyst.
