Martin B. Anstice: Sure. Yes, I think one of the things that's really important to make a statement on and my sense is this a generally accepted and understood factor is the level of concentration in spending particularly in the March quarter is very high on 1 or 2 significant customers. And that concentration is a very big part of why the gross margin guidance is what it is. I do expect if the mix of customers is more balanced than through the rest of the year, and that's currently what we are modeling that the gross margin percentage that shows up in the March guidance would trend upwards, independent of their being more absolute dollars of revenue. But a big part of the guidance we gave on profitability specifically at the margin level is associated with concentration on 1 or 2 key customers. I didn't get the second part of your second, Satya.
Martin B. Anstice: I'm obviously limited in terms of the visibility that we always have prospectively. But I think it's fair to say that the shipments' guidance of the company, which is a reasonably reliable leading indicator of kind of outlook is stronger than the revenue guidance for the quarter. And so certainly as we see it today, we would expect continued strengthening. But as we all know, customers can change their plans pretty quickly. But that's we are -- what we're seeing today. In terms of the kind of segmentation, there's a fairly strong segmentation to kind of the foundry community -- the new definition that Ernie reported and disclosed a little earlier. So about 50% of the shipments in the March quarter is directed to that segment.
Martin B. Anstice: We're certainly in terms of kind of a planning processes in the company. We're certainly anticipating a slightly stronger first half and second. But frankly, the level of visibility we have in the second half, and I think the level of uncertainty and the kind of general macroeconomic climate is such that it's the point of data or the point in time, but lots may change. But at least for now, slightly stronger in the first half is the assumption we're making for planning purposes.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. I mean, I think from a market share perspective generally in the company, we communicated now for the last several years that we have very good market share across the spenders in the industry and there's one exception to that and the one exception is a big microprocessor company. And so the share of the company and the size of the SAM [ph] with that exception, are kind of reasonably balanced for us. Obviously, the absolute dollars of spending for 10,000 wafer starts in memory comparing to the for foundry or logic is quite different. But putting that aside, the basic opportunity for the company to participate in a dollar of spending with the one exception I referred to is pretty balanced.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. Obviously, all those are very significant inflection points for the industry. Practically, the first kind of catalyst for any significant spending in our population in the logic arena is the FinFET transition that the big microprocessor company has communicated. They're intending of the 22-nanometer technology node, and that means more for the industry, and fortunately, it does for Lam Research in terms of near-term outlook. But we are making a very concentrated and focused investment in positioning the products of the company at those inflection points. And I think there's some critical decisions that will be made in calendar 2012. But to a very large extent, the revenue opportunities will extend into the '13 or '14 kind of calendar year. So this is really a time to position, and we'll see the revenues when the investment profile occurs, obviously.
Martin B. Anstice: We -- I'm going to declined to specifically answer your question about kind of revenues with the product line level because we don't have segment disclosure. But the critical message for us in single-wafer clean is we had good success -- actually very good success without exception defending the positions that we were focused on, and to a very large extent, the penetrations we were pursuing, we were successful in. The big opportunity prospectively that is something we're very focused on is strengthening the competitive offering of the company to address the front-end-of-line opportunities. And that's something that is embedded in the spending communication that we have made for the last several quarters. It's a big focus for the company, and that will be pretty influential in terms of the market share story going forward. My opinion is that I think we're very focused on investments in building that capability and we'll see a fairly kind of mutual 12 months in terms of impact on shipments market share in clean business. And then if we've done the right thing at the right time with customers, we'll be making progress in the following years.
Martin B. Anstice: Consolidation obviously, has kind of a couple of consequences to it. One of them is that to the extent, profitability in the semiconductor industry requires it, it's a positive for the equipment industry because it serves no purpose to have semiconductor companies in a state of kind of profitless prosperity, so to speak. And so there's a positive associated with consolidation from that regard. On the other side of that coin, scale in any relationship between a supplier and a customer is always a challenging reality. I would say relative to the specific chatter that you're describing, my opinion is that's a positive for the industry because maybe a bit it creates a competitive dynamic in the semi space that allows the next leg of investment more proactively.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. So relative to the Novellus acquisition, we've -- I think in the last call, I -- we were communicating that obviously that was the beginning of a process to dialogue with customers in any substance and we spend a lot of time with customers since that time. And I would say the feedback is very positive. We're getting a very good participation by key customers. We're encouraging them actively to communicate their expectations of the combined company. We're encouraging them to participate in sharing their thoughts and ideas in terms of organization and/or collaboration models. We're encouraging them to articulate their view of strengths and weaknesses of both companies. And I'm very optimistic that as a result of that we will continue to build upon the customer trust momentum that we've established as independent companies over many years. So the basic headline in terms of customer reaction to the announced acquisition is positive. To the second part of your question, which is more directed to the model of collaboration, the most fundamental example of that really speaks to the level of engagement that we have, as an equipment company, with our customers in their R&D environment. And in the last year particularly, our engagements, our collaboration with key customer R&D environments, 2 generations and beyond today's production node is dramatically increased, and that's necessary for a couple of reasons. Their challenges and issues are increasing and the need for a collaboration model is in their interest as much as it is ours. And it's part of obviously, the strategy we have to continue to grow the company and at least as importantly to create the type of dynamics around protecting what we gain going forward.
Martin B. Anstice: We are modeling -- we have 2011 in the 12% to 12.5% range, and we're assuming in the kind of high 13 range for calendar '12.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. It's a combination of both the customer and the trade that you set up in your question relative to the lithography investment.
Martin B. Anstice: I think there's lots of unanswered questions clearly. I think the one generally accepted example where the 3D structure maybe creates some of relief in terms of lithography investment, which conversely creates a relative expansion of etch share along with other segments, although wafer fab is in NAND flash, where there's a generation or 2 of relaxing of litho rules with the current roadmap in terms of 3D NAND. But to my knowledge, that's the only kind of material rebalancing of spending that exists as a result of the 3D architecture ahead of us.
Martin B. Anstice: I think in terms of this first half/second half play, we're -- we've obviously -- we're seeing a significant commitment in the NAND flash area to capacity adds, which is a very different story. The DRAM -- DRAM is not quite exclusively, but almost about upgrade and not capacity addition. Certainly, the visibility we have today would suggest that actually, the flash environment is kind of fairly first half concentrate, actually reasonably balanced. And that's true also in DRAM. I think the upside for the second half of the year is all about consumer confidence. It's all about SSD roadmap. It's all about what happens in ultrabooks. And if the hard disk drive kind of shortages get resolved sooner, then there's potential to see some PC growth above and beyond the assumptions that everybody is meeting today. And I think in the context of comments that Dell made, where they, I think, expressed the fact that only about 40% or so of corporate upgrades, the kind of Windows 7, were accomplished to date, they would appear to be a fairly positive opportunity should that issue get illuminated. So at least for now, we're assuming reasonably equivalent first half/second half for both segments. I think the second half for DRAM is probably a little stronger than first.
Martin B. Anstice: That's a really good question, and it's one that I asked couple of hours ago. And the answer to the question is actually if you look at the units of shipments that are leaving the factory, there's quite good linearity. The number of systems that actually leaving in January and February and March are quite flat. But the dollars associated with those things are quite different. And so it really is not a commentary about the time it takes to get acceptance on shipments. It's more just a byproduct of the specific timing of the shipments and the specific value of those shipments. So kind of certainly no fundamental message relative to what's going on in the company.
Martin B. Anstice: Well, I think the cautious commentary is intended to reinforce what I think is a very important headline. The macroeconomic environment is very unstable, I mean, we're seeing kind of news every day, the latest being kind of IMF announcements about kind of Eurozone concerns. We saw kind of a positive momentum in terms of employment levels in the U.S. But best I can tell, we're still at 10.5% or more in the Eurozone and there's lots of unanswered questions. So if that doesn't play out and there's a more positive profile of consumer confidence, then the upside is clearly there and we're certainly managing the company to prepare for either one of those environment.
Martin B. Anstice: That's a very big question. So, to the first part of your question, I didn't actually say we gave pricing for an order. And in fact, one of the reasons we don't give guidance on orders today is because we want to take off the table that dynamic because it serves the shareholder and the customer and the company kind of no value. So our objective is to take orders off the market as soon as they are there. The dynamic that I attempt to communicate is that when a big customer participates very significantly in a proportion of the business of the company as is particularly true in the March quarter this year. This level of concentration is the highest in the last 4 quarters, and we don't see such equivalent concentration in the 4 quarters of calendar '12 today. The specific yields that surround that volume and those configurations in this case happened to drive profitability level in the way it does. I think your question relative to efficiency -- capital efficiency is a legitimate one. I don't think there's any particularly new message in calendar '12 over '11. And we are assuming right now that semi revenue is the kind of $310 million to $315 million range. And we're assuming as I said already, the spending level in terms of wafer fab, flat to slightly down. I think the one really big headline that we've communicated some time and I think it's feature significantly going forward is the cost associated with scale and particularly, in the foundry space and some part of that is associated with scaling in and of itself. Some part of that is associated with the various patterning schemes, but obviously are a component of answering one of the earlier questions today around the balance outstanding etch in wafer fab.
Martin B. Anstice: I think it's frankly a little too early to answer that question at this time. Frankly, as we all know there are a few very big customers that have a very dominant influence over spending, and they have much interest in not answering the question that you're asking as we do, so it is what it is in the month of January.
Martin B. Anstice: Yes. We had -- it's the one I said better than previously in our last earnings call. And this was a very preliminary view of 2012 by the time we indicated an expectation of down 5% to down 20% year-over-year, which was at the time in line with the consensus. And so what's changed this since then, I think the most fundamental change has been the demand curve that we're seeing at the 28-nanometer node for the foundry and the positive that you have all been witness to in terms of communications on some MPU spending. And memory specifically, NAND flash has kind of held up nicely with some positive demand curves for NAND-rich content.
Martin B. Anstice: One of the parts to answer that question obviously is at what nodes does the demand occur. And one of the dynamics that existed in calendar '11 continues actually in an increased state in 2012. So our current assumption is that a bit growth of around the 35% to 40% range drives a very small addition of capacity where we can all assume no more than about 20,000 wafer starts and drives a conversion of about 550,000 wafer starts. And that conversion is necessary to a large extent to support the profitability needs of that community of customers. And so I think the headline you should extract is that if there is a bit growth that exceeds 40%, it has a good shot of being a catalyst for addition of capacity because the assumption today is almost none.
Martin B. Anstice: So I may have inadvertently confused on an earlier comment. A lot of the 14-nanometer decisions are ahead of us. They have not been made yet, and there's quite a few significant unanswered questions around architecture in our customer base to be made before the selections occur. Relative to the second half, where do I see the opportunity? Clearly in the context of the more kind of longer-term growth plans that we have communicated. And I kind of reinforced those again today, we are speaking to a target of between 3 and 5 percentage points of share gain in etch and 5 to 10 percentage points of share gain single-wafer clean over 3- to 5-year period. Obviously, in order to kind of put that into context of what that means for earnings, you should obviously reflect the fact that the size of the etch market is meaningfully bigger than clean when you're calculating the dollar opportunity.
Martin B. Anstice: Okay. Your line was breaking up. I heard the word OpEx and I heard some part of the question, so you're going to have to re-ask if I didn't get it all. So I heard a question about confidence, and I would say the confidence level, given that we're ultimately in control of it is pretty high. So as Ernie and I communicated earlier today, we have just guided operating expense level consistent with we messaged a couple of months ago. And we are in a position today where we believe the expansion can be contained to the $200 million level for the rest of the calendar year based on what we know today.
Martin B. Anstice: It's an accumulation of investments, which trends to the 28-nanometer technology node of that community of customers. And again, I want to make the point that I may already and Ernie made it at the beginning, that definition now includes beyond pure-play foundry. So to the extent, there's a logic guy out there that makes available a significant proportion of its capacity for foundry, it's included in that percentage.
Martin B. Anstice: You've asked a very precise question. and I'm not going to give you a very precise answer. In mean, everything is kind of in the mix. There is no question that the transition that you just described and the transition from a dielectric bias weighting to a more balanced or even conductor-heavy at certain point in time, is a benefit to us and that's part of -- that's incorporated in the decisions we make in terms of where we're focused, where we're investing, where we're pursuing penetrations, et cetera. But clearly, we are aggressively pursuing conductor and dielectric market share gain, displacing competition where we believe we can do that. And in addition to the extent, there are new applications and new process flows herein, making sure that we are the guy that's positioned to get that business. So both real displacements and market share gain, effectively defending the positions and the successes of the company in the past, along with taking advantage of this benefit that happens to play with the strength of the company historically, is all a part of that 3% to 5% target that I described.
Martin B. Anstice: No. I think it's a good question. It's certainly not something that we are particularly concerned about today. And I made that statement in the context of kind of 2 things. One of them being the point you just made, as systems become higher throughput systems, the challenge for any equipment company is to preserve the value of that offering and ultimately get paid for it. I think the other side of that coin, which is particularly important answering the question in clean is, if you go chat with any semiconductor company in the world, they will, with rare exceptions, talk about the emerging criticality, the increasing criticality of clean as a process step. And so productivity is part of for value proposition, but the technology enabling around, for example, things like high-aspect ratio drying is a big part of what ultimately the customer frames with their equipment selection, but ultimately a big part of positioning by our company for value.
Ernest E. Maddock: C.J., this is Ernie. I think as you see revenues expand into the $750 million range, I'd refer you back to sort of the model results that would put us in a pretty consistent pace with a $3 billion revenue run rate for the year, so you're going to see sort of mid-40s performance at that level.
Ernest E. Maddock: So Vish, this is Ernie. I think as we indicated in our prepared comments, it is a March quarter circumstance. We would not expect to see this persist in subsequent quarters. So it's a one-quarter phenomenon, as best we know at the present.
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, right. We're sort of crossing a segment with a region, and obviously, if we are precise in answering that question we're revealing something that is not appropriate for us to reveal. So we need a -- I think that history will tell going forward what the improvement in the foundry segment is. And we'll have to wait and let that play out over the course of the year because we're not going to reveal customer specific information.
Ernest E. Maddock: Mehdi, we're in the process of reviewing that as we think about the acquisition. We wouldn't expect that Lam's revenue segmentation will change as a result of that. And we're currently in the process of reviewing sort of the practices of Novellus. And as things become further along in the integration and the work, we'll make the determination.
Ernest E. Maddock: But we do actually share with you what the overall market size is for clean and for etch. And we share with you market share and those 2 things together can really essentially provide the information that you're seeking. So I don't know that there's any need to segment differently than we do right now. But we are looking at that. We continue to look at it, and if we feel it's important to change then we'll provide better information than we currently provide, then we'll certainly make that change.
