Stephen G. Newberry: It's fairly broad based. You have a number of DRAM players, certainly the ones that you mentioned, but also there's investment going on with the leading band players, and then certainly as a percent of the total, the foundry players, particularly the two biggest ones are spending at levels that are historically greater than what they typically have, at least as a percentage of the total market. So the shipment activity at this point in time is actually pretty broad based and that's encouraging.
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, what I said in my prepared comments was that at this point in time, if you take the shipments in the second half of '09, that what customers are indicating they're going to want us to ship in the first half of 2010 would be flat to slightly up. And so if we look into the March quarter where we have some degree of visibility, the March quarter looks to be, from a shipment standpoint, up from the December quarter and the reality relative to June is at this point in time with the lead times for a company like us being so fast that really kind of trying to forecast June as just that.  It's just a forecast. It's not a function of dealing with known orders and known backlog and so I think that you kind of just have to take that overall perspective that it's kind of flattish to slightly up, and I think what'll actually happen is as we get through the holiday season we'll get to the March quarter which will be a seasonal low from an output standpoint, but what deliveries they really take in March and June will be a function of how do they think the middle to the latter half of 2010 is shaping up and June deliveries will be a function of how do they see the holiday period shaping up?  And so right now we have a lot of spending that's associated with the continuing technology conversions, particularly in memory without resulting in really any wafer start expansion, whereas what we see from NAND is that you have the same technology conversion occurring, but based on the expected bit growth per NAND, we're actually going to see wafer start expansion in NAND, and then of course in the foundries with the utilizations really essentially sold out on 65 nm, very strong at 45, and the equipment going in is for wafer start expansion at the 45 nm node.  So, I think that we have some good trends in that there's a need to continue to do the technology conversions, what they have to spend money on, and the leading edge logic looks like the fab like companies are wanting to move aggressively to 45 nm. 
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, we have been focused in the last year on making sure that we had enough cash to potentially survive a disastrous global economy. We've all managed to dodge that bullet and for the first quarter we managed to eek out a $3 million positive cash flow.  So to be perfectly honest with you, the board discussions to date have not been about gee, when can we get back and start doing share buybacks? And so we'll begin to have that discussion, but I think we can safely assume that we are going to be in a cash accumulation mode for the next couple of quarters. We're going to want to see how this economy continues to play out. I think you can expect us to be relatively conservative relative to rebuilding the cash position and it's probably a question that we might better be able to answer sometime two to three quarters from now, but certainly right now we have no plans and have made no decisions as to when the share buybacks will restart.
Stephen G. Newberry: I don't take litho run rates and annualize them in terms of what that really means for total WFE spending. Litho is a segment that has to get out in front of the semi manufacturers ability to go ramp wafer starts. While I haven't studied extensively how litho behaved coming out of the 2002-2003 downturn, what I am seeing in terms of what's going on with ASML doesn't surprise me. Every semiconductor company has to have in place, litho capacities with which to ramp whether it's technology needs because they're converting to the need for immersion or it's just waver start capacity output needs where they need more litho capacity. And so I think that what you typically see is that they're going to over-order relative to litho so that they ensure that they have the right amount of capacity available. And so I don't see what ASML is reporting as being inconsistent with an $18 billion overall wafer fab equipment environment. And I think you said that they would annualize out to somewhere around a $25 billion, I'm looking at this time is that's $18 billion plus or minus two, if it's on the high side it's 20, and given the price of these immersion tools I would very much expect that you would kind of see the kinds of deltas that you see, but I wouldn't annualize litho. I would look at what the other companies are reporting outside of litho. And my guess is that I think you'll see the rest of the industry somewhere in the vicinity that I'm talking about, but I haven't had the benefit of hearing what some of the other companies are saying, but that would be my guess.
Stephen G. Newberry: I think you kind of called out a lot of the issues. One is clearly market share growth, another is customer mix where in spite of what people continue to think, it doesn't matter to us whether the order growth is in memory or foundry. We have very high share in both segments and so the only place that we are impacted is when Intel spends a whole bunch. And so, given that we have a lot of memory spending, we have got a lot of foundry spending, that's beneficial to us and certainly relative to my understanding of Novelis where they clearly have Intel business.  In addition, we're going to benefit by the fact that we are in a new segment and we're growing market share in the clean segment. We're penetrating the clean segment. If you look at who the single wafer clean spenders are this year, there's a couple foundry companies that are spending much more than what they spent in 2008 and we have good market share in the foundries. We’re growing market share in the foundries relative to wet clean.  So I think all of those factors add up and so I think if you take them in combination, kind of in my prepared comments I said that you should expect that LAM Research would grow much faster than the wafer fab equipment market as a whole, and I think that's a good example in reinforcement of the fact that it's occurring.
Stephen G. Newberry: I don't think necessarily in 2010 that the etch market is going to outgrow WFE. One of the things that you have to think about is the makeup of WFE is shifting as litho becomes a greater proportion of the spending, given certainly the average costs of litho tools with the introduction of much more immersion.  When we look at the amount of money relative to each 10,000 wafer passes, whether you’re talking DRAM or NAND or foundry, there’s more etch wafer passes. Some of that's because of additional double patterning opportunities. There's more mask open activities that are favorable to etch and in particular as the foundry market increases its percentage of spending relative to the total WFE, I think that that's also favorable to etch. But you will not necessarily see etch as a percentage of the WFE spending change very much, and that's because of the impact of litho and how much of that spending it's taking.  And single wafer clean, I think single wafer clean in 2009 actually grew as opposed to — well, actually it declined about 5%. Which, if the total market declined about 38%, that only occurred because in a technology shift environment, the customer emphasis to move to the leading edge technologies to make their investments there, clearly there's a strong shift from batch processing to single wafer clean. As we go into 2010 and you get more of general spending, at least to a greater extent than the almost pure technology spending of 2009, the growth rate of single wafer clean will probably be slower than the growth rate of wafer fab equipment — maybe just slightly, but there will be some effect where a lot of batch cleaning will still be sold into the commodity of noncritical activities. And so I realize that that's kind of a complicated answer, but there is no simple answer given the makeup of where WFE spending occurs is shifting, but I do believe that it will be a good environment for both etch and single wafer clean and LAM Research next year.
Stephen G. Newberry: So, my comments about not increasing significantly our R&D investments is because we have been investing significantly all through the downturn and that has nothing to do with their not being any more single wafer market share. We’re spending significant investment in single wafer clean and we intend to continue to invest in single wafer clean. And when I look at the opportunities that we've had relative to market share in single wafer clean, we have been focused on, first off, defending our positions around the world, which we've done well at — and to just give you a flavor in the logic and foundry space we've had seven new penetrations year to date for clean and penetrations in the logic are important because there tend to be a lot of wafer passes as you look at eight level, 10 level, l and even 12 level logic devices. Which isn't to say that we're not focused on memory penetration because we are, but we've been very successful with both our spin DD prime and our linear technologies at penetrating the logic space. My comment relative to not significantly increasing the spending was really one that we've been spending, we're seeing the market share benefits from that, we're going to continue to spend, but we're not in a situation where we suppressed our spending and now all of a sudden we have a whole bunch of things that we wanted to spend on and we didn't. We've been spending on those things. And while we may see and are likely to see some increase in R&D as a function of as the market grows and the number of GDPs and the number of evaluation tools go into the field, but you're not going to see a significant increase in R&D because we've been making the investment and will continue with it.
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, maybe the best way to kind of characterize that is if you look at our shipments in the March quarter were 159. We ramped 55% in the June quarter to 246. We ramped 44% to 355. We've ramped another 36% to the 480 guidance number. So that's probably the best way to characterize that that's a pretty dramatic increase, yet we're shipping on time, particularly in etch. I would say where our biggest challenges have been is in our spin clean activity as the shipment level sin the spin clean have dramatically increased and they have ramped significantly. We have a little bit different product structure. We've talked about the fact that we’re re-architecting the production option architecture and that we're outsourcing what was largely a vertically integrated manufacturing process. And so our lead times in clean are a little bit longer and the good news is that our customers have significantly increased the demand and we're working with our customers to make sure that we prioritize the sequence and the priority of the right tools but I would expect that as we get through the December and the March quarters, as we shrink the lead times, as our supply chain improves in single wafer clean, that we'll be in the same vicinity in terms of ramp expansion capability that we have in etch, and we're dealing with this operational excellence, flexibility, and responsiveness, one of the strengths of Lam, and we're continuing to see that play out well for us in this up term.
Stephen G. Newberry: Actually, I don't think so. For us, and we're not necessarily a proxy for how the actual distribution is for all of WFE, but memory is really running about 55%-60% of our total system shipments. And foundry is running closer to 35 and with logic closer to 40 or 45. So I'd see that trend continuing in the December quarter. I think that in terms of what we can see in March where we have some visibility, I think we're going to see memory in that same 55%-60% and we’re going to see foundry logic with the remainder and I think that we're not yet in a situation where at least in the first half that we're seeing a bunch of wafer start capacity output activity going on in DRAM. It's still converting. The 1.2 million wafer starts per month of 300 mm capacity, they're focused on converting the existing wafer start lines and I see that trend continuing. In NAND we're going to see that there's significant conversions from 5X lines to 3X and then there's some conversion from 4X to 2, an then there will be some wafer stock capacity expansion and so when I look at 210, and it's still early, we're expecting that with bit growth in NAND likely to be 80%-100% that it may be that for the first time we'll see wafer fab equipment investment for NAND capacity and NAND conversions will spend more than what's being spent in DRAM and that's in spite of the fact that I see unit output for DRAMs as about 15 billion units pear year and NAND is only 5 billion units per year, but it speaks to the fact that there's some really nice growth opportunities in NAND and we'll see how that plays out as 2010 kind of goes forward what we can see in March. But I do expect that the foundries and logic, as a percent, will be a greater percent than what we saw in the 2007 and 2008 timeframe.
Stephen G. Newberry: Well, at etch I gave you 12 net wins so we won 14 and lost two, and in clean we've got six net wins and we lost two. So we had eight wins and we lost two and so we had a net six.
Stephen G. Newberry: Kind of consistent with what I said earlier discussion, our mix in the September quarter was about 62% of our systems were memory and of that 62%, 21% NAND and 41% DRAM so that's of the total. And I think Ernie talked about NAND was 38% of memory. But another way to look at it is NAND flash was 21% of our total shipments and DRAM was 40% and the rest being logic and foundry. In the December quarter it's actually going to be very similar, but a little less memory, about 55%-60% memory and the foundry logic will be more like 40%-42%. So not all that much different in December versus September and the trend for March is pretty similar as well and we'll see how that shapes up because with the lead times as short as they are, customers ability to add or subject to the March shipments is readily available and so it's too early really to define that, but it's very similar to September December.
