Tom James: Actually the fee basis as I said is being very positively impacted, but the regular commission levels are up too, where you wouldn’t have that kind of an increase in PCG commissions which – were the commissions fees up 12, somewhat that percent. So, what I would say is that activity is good there. The institutional equity commissions are still somewhat lackluster, but fixed income picked up from recent quarters, albeit not at the levels of last year. So, I think it is mainly productivity enhancement is sales people who moved and the sales people who are here, are now in the process of recovering in their business plans, and essentially client attitudes. While you see this continuing movement to fixed income from equities are much more positive than they were. They feel a lot better. You know essentially those that had the perseverance, the retirement funds are now back up to the numbers they had prior to the start of this chaos that existed in the financial markets and the following recession. So I expect actually that will continue. We still have not returned to the productivity levels that we had at the pre-downturn point. So there is a lot more room for growth there. I also think that the movement of people as the retention on a lot of these contracts at some of the major firms drops as it amortizes over time, will enable more people to think about moving because there is still a lot of upset from the changes in the industry. It hadn’t stopped. So, I’m sort of bullish on the individual PCG business, and I think that we will continue to successfully grow it in the UK and Canada here, as well as in the United States. So, Chet and Paul and all of our retail heads, Dick Averitt and Dennis Zank, I think are doing a good job of controlling expenses. They are working hard to make the newer offices that we have more productive and profitable, and their contributions they are more selective in what they are doing in terms of new office openings currently. So, I think they are doing the right things, and we will continue to have improvement. But if you don’t get more people back to work, and you don’t have a better tone to what is happening, I think we may not see the increases we would like.
Tom James: Basically Chet reported to us in the last department head meeting. Some were passed, we don’t have a clue, but not very far. I mean this is very complex area. The regulators are way behind the times of what is really going on in the relationship of financial advisors to their clients. And you know, to make some kind of distinction between registered investment advisors and financial advisors in general, it is really not quite correct anymore. So we don’t really have a problem as financial planners with somebody defining higher levels of fiduciary responsibility on the part of financial advisors. We actually have very high quality training in the financial planning area, and in values and in all of the issues in addition to investment management, and investment advice for our financial advisors. So I am fairly comfortable with this. I don’t think you can kind of hold people to the old RIA language, which was designed for real money managers that were professional third-party organizations. So you got to craft something that works for someone that gives advice to individual clients, and host financial advisors to high standards, but it doesn’t prevent them from doing the kinds of business that we do today on the retail side, where we have inventory positions we sell out of. I think that is beneficial to our clients, because we divide them into smaller retail like lots. We do it for a low-cost to the investor. I actually think that having some of these rules that prevent that kind of activity are unnecessary. I think there are numerous other areas where the technicalities of the differences are going to interfere with the business. I mean, just think for a minute, what do you do for new underwritings if you are forcing somebody into a definition, where they are a fiduciary. They are getting paid a commission by definition of how the business has done. You really need to click through all these on a line item basis, and I know Chet went with the SIFMA group to Washington, and spent a lot of time talking to SEC commissioners about all these issues. And I’m sure they raised far more issues than they resolved in that meeting, but the fact is these people are being sensitized to the level of issues here. And I think will come to a reasonable compromise on these issues. I really do, and I think the SEC once they get their arms around this will do the right things for having the system work as well it needs to work going forward. So, I don’t think it is going to kill the industry to go through this, but we may have some fits and starts where we try things that aren't quite right, and have to take a step back or go in a different direction. But nothing immediate is what I would tell you. These guys are going to take some time to resolve these issues quite appropriately.
Tom James: Remember Devin, we’re going to have the same conservative attitude about reserve levels that we have everywhere else in the firm. And I would have argued that actually a combination of the accountants and regulatory positions et cetera actually had reserves at too a level for the banking industry, and still does for the securities industry. And it is unfortunate because it doesn’t adequately tie revenues to future potential losses. So, we are going to always err on the side of conservatism.
Tom James: September wasn’t a really great month compared to other months, other than for the fee increases if you look at the comparisons to the immediately prior quarter. What I would tell you, there is a lot more underwriting activity that does drive some increased commission generation, not only on the primary issuance, but also in the aftermarket. So that helped commission volume, both retail and institutional, but this is not – we’re not seeing some tremendous surge on the part of either the FA or the client in terms of generating more equity business. I wish I could say that that was the case, but let me tell you, investors are now – they are also very conservative. They are being careful, maybe too careful. I would tell you, as I did to one of our BIO visits, by invitation only, when we bring large clients in, and just last week, I told the individual as he was talking about, this is a 47-year-old who sold this second business, and has multimillions of dollars as a result of this. And he was trying to be 50% fixed income and 50% equity, and I pointed out the risk of fixed income in this market, and the fact that he really shouldn’t be based that way, but actually the intermediate term outlook, and the only caveat I put on this is that I am very fearful of not getting our financial house in order on the US basis. I am actually sure the States will do a better job of this. But I am very concerned that our Congress and our President are not addressing, giving the confidence to our people by showing they are stopping profligate spending. So you know that is a countersense to improving the employment and things like that, but I’m telling you right now if you don’t show the kind of effort and control here, we are looking at some big numbers out there, both on balance sheet and off balance sheet, and boy, we better show some progress. I mean, I think the US public is just fed up with politicians who are dealing with that, and we are going to see that in the voting results against both incumbent parties. So this is a strange environment we’re in, but not surprising given the first election after the new president is in place. It is just – it is really discouraging to those of us who are more fiscally conservative whatever our social views are, which generally are far more liberal than people think. The fact is that we need to deal with these issues.
Tom James: But there are also new accounts being opened throughout the quarter as people commit new dollars to the market. And those are pro rata (multiple speakers). So, we got an 8% increase in the assets under management during the quarter. I mean it isn’t really – this is not a dramatic change. It is just some increases. The billings for this quarter going forward are clearly higher. I mean they are going to be better. As I said net sales are still layered, albeit for the whole industry, I would tell you there is too much asset rotation amongst managers. And you see that in the holding time. It is ridiculous, and we’re trying to get our salesmen less sensitive to trying to outguess sectors and outguess markets or geography moves.
Tom James: Yes, Hugh, the going-on business is reserved at a lower level than what our current portfolio reserve level is. But there may be some very small release this year, if it all goes according to plan. And to the extent that we have charge-offs, our reserves – we would think our reserves and our charge-offs would approximate one another over the next few quarters, and thereby not having any release of reserves.
Tom James: Once again, our going-on business, we actually would like to be able to be in a position to actually add some more to reserves through growing the loan portfolio. But it is going on at a lower rate than what our current reserve levels are. As a reminder, our average going-on reserves in the corporate portfolio is roughly in the 150 basis points to 160 basis points on our residential loans; new loans go on at a little over 80 basis points of reserves.
Tom James: We are comfortable growing at the way we have been growing, but I can tell you we are used to higher rates of new FA acquisition. So, we have pretty big business development efforts, and so all those people would certainly like to see the numbers higher. And I think they are going to begin to edge up now. Our home office visit statistics are increasing. The fact is that the people that are interested in moving are trending to take longer to convert again, because they are being cautious and their business is better, their economics are better, and most of them have some sort of retention they didn’t have two years ago. And that really does affect the numbers, but I have always been amazed at the ability of these major firms to shoot themselves in the foot, the knee, and sometimes higher up. So they find a way to encourage their own people to leave. So I think that is going to happen again, so I’m not in as big a hurry to do anything about that, but that doesn’t mean we’re not aggressively recruiting and that all of us in senior management aren’t meeting with high producing FAs every week. I mean, we’re still talking to a lot of people. There is a lot of interest out there. It is just that people are more impacted by these times. And sometimes they will even commit for 8 months out. I mean, this is – it is a very strange kind of an environment here.
Tom James: In recent times, equity capital market losses have been reduced. But by and large here this was a much better quarter for fixed income. And you know, we have pretty active small position business with outside broker dealers that generates a lot of commission income with the high levels of interest in fixed income generally speaking. So I would tell you, I anticipate that the kind of slowdown continued to slow down a little bit, but fixed income is so much stronger as a portion of the firm today than it was when the downturn started. We have far more institutional sales people. We have a lot more analytics and support for institutional sales. We have a lot more public finance people, originating activity. I actually am quite bullish about the place that fixed income now has in the overall firm position, and we still have opportunity on the international side in this area, which we haven’t developed at all. So this is, I think, a good time for them. The equity side, I find it harder and harder to find ways to justify a lot of facilitation losses, because you see less and less commissions being dedicated to research. We actually gained some market share last year, where our commissions in absolute numbers were not that good. So they ought to be 30% higher is what I would tell you and what our heads of equity capital markets and sales would tell you. So, it is a little bit of an enigma for us because when you talk about small and medium cap companies, you got to really rely on a lot of outside research. And there are a few of us and many fewer doing this with the same depth and breadth of coverage today that has existed before. So as new issue activity picks up both from the private equity side and from just small entrepreneurially oriented companies, and it spreads into technology and consumer, and some of the other areas. But I think we will see more institutional commissions.
Tom James: I will let Jeff or Jennifer do that. M&A has been terrific for us. I mean, we sort of met our objectives of generating a higher percentage of revenues from M&A. Jeff, you got a statistic.
Tom James: Well, there is nothing far enough along to announce as acquisition, potential, and what we look at are mainly tuck in acquisitions now that add value. And on the asset management side, we are still looking for lifts outs and small acquisitions in several specific product areas. And I would say the same in ECM and fixed income, we would look at opportunities out there if they show up for us to consider. We have as many internal opportunities I would tell you. We don’t rely on external acquisitions to affect growth here. We expect our people to be able to grow their businesses on average above 15% rates, and more careful, we don’t like overpay.
Tom James: I have always thought asset management was the easiest one to do. It is just hard to identify really superior sort of cast-iron track records that you can rely on, and you don’t want to buy anything that has a lot of immediate market risk attached to it. So it has been slower than I would have thought. My son works in that area, and now my son [ph], he is busy looking at all kinds of potential opportunities, but trying to screen through the whole process, and have somebody come out of the other end of the pipeline is a lot harder than it sounds like it would be.
Tom James: You know, what you want to do I would tell you is you need to separate out the institutional commissions from the retail commissions. I think the – I don’t have the numbers right in front of me, but it seems to me it was in the 440 range in the PCG sector. And there are roughly 51% or 52% fee-based and 49% commission-based or 48%.
Tom James: That helps a lot. I mean the fact is that margin spread on margin accounts is very good. And we report that number in a quarter, I think last quarter or something like that. So as the balances continue to escalate as they have both domestically and in Canada, and hopefully in the UK, we will begin to see bigger spreads in our business. I mean it has hurt our UK business, and our Canadian just as much as it has hurt our US business not to have that revenue source at levels we are used to. And you have to remember, there has been a general trend down in margins versus assets. Our firm, we used to be many years ago over $2 billion in total margins if you looked at all these pieces that we have in there now. And so it basically came down all the way to almost $1 billion, and then it has been easing its way back up. And as markets continue to improve, I expect it will get better, but it is never going to be at the same levels in terms of measurements to client assets as it was in the past. I can just tell you it takes a long time for people to want to take leverage risk when they go through a down-market, and that is quite appropriate given the average age of our client. So, we always have mixed emotions. You know, you will hear certain members of our board argue hard for more and more net interest earnings, which we love them. They are great things, but on the other hand, we are more concerned about the risk management profiles of our client base, and trying to be very careful that the wrong people don’t have merchant accounts. And you find it – actually these margin accounts are a very small percentage of our overall client base. So we haven’t been as good as we should be at selling people to use margin accounts as immediate cash needs as supposed to other forms of lending. And maybe we will get better at that. Merrill has always been the great leader in that kind of activity over the years. And given our conservative financial planning background, we really are more careful I would say than most of the firms.
Tom James: Well, we certainly like to have the $80 million to $120 million of additional interest profits that we are currently missing that we had before. It dramatically comes from the retail side of the business, and that would get us back to our historical contribution margins in the PCG Group. So, I think that is the biggest number. There is this general expansion of productivity, which is the next biggest number, because if we get back above our highs in the past before all this started, there is a considerable amount of growth there. And we see that we are growing assets per financial advisor, and this other stuff is trailing largely for some of the reasons we mentioned about people’s concern about having too much equity exposure, and not having the nerve to step up to the point, and add – it is hard enough trying to convince them to maintain their equity commitments. And if you remember back in ’73, ’74 crisis you really didn’t generate the kind of enthusiasm about equities until ’82, after ’82. And we had lows in the market that weren’t dissimilar in ’66 and ’82. So, this can take a long time. It doesn’t mean that you don’t have growth. It doesn’t mean you don’t have profits. If you look at our records back then they were in the 20% plus internal growth rate during that period. So, we can do that. We still have great opportunity for expansion in all of our sectors over the future here. So, I’m actually encouraged. I think the bank, one of the things you don’t talk about a lot is the interface now with our investment bank and commercial bank working together, trying to find solutions to financial needs of our clients, corporate clients. I think there is lot of progress. Steve gets a lot of credit for working well with our investment banking teams. He even has lenders now in the areas which are major sectors, practice and the segments for him. You see the same thing on the retail side where we’re trying to provide product to our financial advisors to use with our client base that make them competitive with major banks in whatever markets they are competing in. I think those things have great growth potential in the future, and so you know, as I said when I was retiring from the CEO role, the thing that excites me and I know excites Paul, is the opportunities going forward from the base we have already that we strengthened during this downturn that we have for internal growth. So I’m excited about that, and we all look forward to taking advantage of that and we just hope the wheel doesn’t come off and the US economic from a failure to deal with our intractable off-balance sheet and balance sheet issues.
Tom James: I will tell you it is the marketing cycle. we have gone through a couple of years, or three years were we haven’t really changed our team approach to advertising, and we did that because times were tough, we did that because we were watching margins during the downturn, and it was an appropriate time for us to issue new both written and TV ads. So, you will see launches of TV ads now currently. I think we had some in the baseball games this week. It has nothing to do with earnings release. To be frank, we started this independent of recruiting kinds of considerations that is more driven to our private client individuals, if you look at it. And trying to actually – to me, this is one of the most frustrating things. I know it is for Jeff too. The time to differentiate yourself from other firms, and trying to be creative to get attention, those kinds of things, there are extremely difficult to be very effective at and the measurement issue of what the impact is very hard. I can tell you what the stadium naming did, but I have a lot of trouble now trying to determine whether the new ads have more impact, less impact. It is just one of those things you keep dripping on people all the time in different ways, and we try to do that effectively, and I know Jeff has been through this a lot more than I have over the years. Jeff you might have a comment or two on this area.
Tom James: Yes, in the fixed-income area, I would say that if you look in our compliance or standards meetings, we spend a lot of time now talking about issues of disclosure, issues of maintenance, of positions. Think for a moment about the potential risk of municipal failures in the United States like Harrisburg, where in California, some places in Florida, various locations all over the US, where we are trying to go to clients to get them to change positions. I still remember when we had this exercise 12 or so years ago with GM and Chrysler and some of the automotive companies, and we went and recommended to clients that they get out of these securities, the debt securities. And we couldn’t move the client. I mean it is hard to get clients to want to move out of investing in their local municipalities, or moving away from a security that has provided good steady source of yield over a long period of time when in fact, internal condition of that particular body has declined considerably. So, we’re doing everything we can in our fixed-income department, in our compliance departments, in our sales and marketing departments to try to sensitize both our FAs and clients to these issues. So we are writing a lot of articles on this subject matter. I think this is a major problem going forward here, and we need to protect our clients. That is the most important thing we do.
Tom James: Those that were doing it especially after those that took a risk near the bottom of the market, and profited a lot, who are more investment leverage oriented, are continuing to do that, probably dragging in a few other people. I would still say the vast majority of our margin accounts are really intelligence sources of borrowing at lower rates for other purposes. But who knows, I mean this is an imperfect science. You have to look at a balance sheet, and you don’t take a look at activity. So, I wish I had a better answer to that than I do, but I just know how conservative our reps are in this area, and when you get margin accounts that are 0.5% of assets, I mean, you are talking about a very small amount of leverage in your overall portfolio construction.
Tom James: Versus prior year Joel. I would say that they are comparable quality and higher spreads with many more covenants.
Steven Raney: I don’t know necessarily about any substantial reduction in reserves Devin. We are seeing some improvement in credit terms. We are starting to see some moderation, although problem assets are still at escalated levels. You know, this is the first reduction in the residential past-dues since the December 2007 quarter. We have also seen four consecutive quarters of declining charge-offs on our residential portfolio. But our corporate portfolio, as you know, has actually performed very well. But we are still subject to having – it is pretty lumpy. One or two loans going back could change that, but we’re starting to see some moderation and some improvement in credit trends.
Steven Raney: I would just add in September the two biggest drivers that made it an abnormally high month, and abnormal relative to the other two months in the quarter, where the level of capital markets activity that Tom mentioned, and just the general upward trend in the market, which was strong obviously in September, which caused a lot more new dollars to come in as you can see by our client assets.
Steven Raney: I think the LTVs are still in the same, the 60s type of range, but it's on a very depressed (inaudible) where they were being underwritten several years ago.
Steven Raney: Yes, I would think, and maybe on a percentage of assets during the course of the year it would just maybe come down slightly.
Steven Raney: They are very similar. They were 100% C&I, commercial and industrial. Well I say that there were some REIT loans in there too. But they are of the same quality. There was a very, very small amount of that that was secondary market. Almost all of that was originated business, where we’re joining on with – had inception with the other banks in the syndicate.
Jeff Julien: It is about a 60-20-20 for managed business. About 60% of those assets are upfront, 20% are on average over the quarter and 20%, particularly the institutional accounts, are in arrears.
Jeff Julien: I don’t understand what is in recurring fees. I mean it is not just asset management accounts, they are trails, they are shares, recurring payments from bonds, they are other things that go into the recurring stream.
Jeff Julien: And in terms of the total revenues, it is a different line item, but in terms of total revenues, the interest went up in some of these other fees as well. So, it is driven by how much of our business is some of the packaged products that pay recurring fees as well.
Jeff Julien: That is for the managed, discretionarily managed $30 billion number that you see down there. And then we have another $30 billion of non-discretionary reps that are billed in advance.
Jeff Julien: Doug, we have more cushion than we need. That 13% to 13.5% is quite a bit of cushion in and of itself. We would like to grow in and use some of that cushion. And then also consideration has been given to sending some money back to the parent company as well during fiscal 2011.
Jeff Julien: What I would tell you is that our approach has been remarkably consistent. We did dial it back for cost savings the reasons in the last couple of years, held off on developing any new materials because of the cost, and therefore slowed our schedule. But you see, if you put our spend on advertising in a longer term perspective, we are remarkably consistent with a relatively low percentage of revenue, especially compared to our competitors, and you see our schedule in somewhat of a lumpy fashion. We do that for concentration. When you don’t have a budget that let you be on the six o’clock news every day, you tend to try to group them into periods when people will notice you, and then go silent for a while and then come back later. And so that is our strategy. We have been doing that for years, and has actually worked. Our measure of awareness scores have gone from the low 20s just a few years ago to about 50% within our target audience. So we have really been successful in making people aware of who we are and what we do and build some brand strength in the process.
Jeff Julien: Not really. I mean it is just the low revenue and the results really are a function of rates. I mean, we just can’t earn as much on the cash that we generate from lending out securities. Also I would guess the only other comment I would make is we don’t believe we are guilty of any of the things in the recent New York Times article about the business with respect to clients sharing of gains and losses. So I don’t think we don’t run our business that way. We don’t have a lot of big fiduciary type clients either that we’re not letting the box out for some major trust companies or anything else. It is just our own client base.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. So I know you gave a little bit of it, Jeff. You said about 60%, 20%, 20% – I guess is that – I man, a fair sort of way to think about it? Obviously, there is a lot of things in there.
Douglas Sipkin: Okay. All right, that's something to play with, I guess. Second question, I noticed the margin balances, I guess in retail, jumped a lot – well, at least the highest I've seen in a while. I'm assuming some of that happened in September. And I'm just curious, you guys seem pretty lukewarm on interest in the retail business, obviously, because of rates. But I would imagine that helps a little bit.
Douglas Sipkin: Got you. Okay. And then just finally, nice jump in ROE, ROA, the best in a bunch of years, or quarters, whatever, what is the road map? What business is going to get you back to the mid-double digits? I mean, it seems like it is going to be Retail and Capital Markets, but maybe a little bit more from you guys how you can get back to the mid-teens, which I believe is sort of where you guys are targeting.
