Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. I know the tax rate added a bunch of noise in under a 999 system, it might have been a little easier to estimate them, but we're not in that environment today. So I do think that the pressure on the tax rate will be up next year as the states have been a little bit higher and we have some more nondeductible items. So the short-term outlook is just uncertain because that capital markets, the company's balance sheet is in strong shape. We continue to add people in all of our businesses strategically, very good people, and we'll strategically add if the market allows us to. So we're still focused on recruiting for areas in all of our businesses. Obviously, a little more cautious in the markets area but if there are dislocations of very good people or businesses, we'll continue to look at them. So I think overall, the company's in great shape. We believe we're well-positioned. But obviously, in the market we're in right now there's some uncertainty in terms of looking to this coming quarter but we try to keep a long-term view. We'll manage expenses and continue to focus on building our business and just work through this uncertainty period, which I hope resolves itself. Maybe we're a little less optimistic on the government solving the deficit in the short-term to the election but that's something we'll all have to work through. So with that, you probably have a lot of questions in some of the activity through the numbers this quarter so I'll go ahead and, Chris, I'm going to turn it over to you to get questions.
Paul C. Reilly: I think what you're seeing is just you're seeing people sticking very closely to it. Obviously, cash is up some and people have been more cautious but actually have been positively surprised that both advisers and clients have been sticking closely to their investment plans. Obviously, those with less risk tolerance or closer term issues have had to adjust but people have hung in there. Now I think the individual investor isn't any different than corporate America is being cautious, trying to figure out what's going on looking forward. But I think they've hung in there pretty well.
Paul C. Reilly: I think it's just, first, we've had a very stable platform and we've had a number of our competitors, especially larger competitors that continue to have a lot of news and advisers, others that have been -- some through acquisitions by those companies have been in environments they haven't enjoyed. And as their companies get in the news, I think they're interested in looking for platforms that they view are stable and maybe represent the platforms they grew up in. So as retention wears off in some places, environment changes, honestly, slowdowns are good for people to take a pause and look and say when you're really, really busy doing well, you're less inclined to stop and look around. When it slows down a little bit, you're more willing to look around and our platform's been very, very consistent. The service level is high. We're very adviser-centric and when people pause, they look at us. And so the good news of a downturn, if there is one, we're not rooting for one, is that we tend to do very well in recruiting. We'd rather win in a competitive growth environment but if it's slowing down, I think that's a positive to us and, again, as other people make changes, and other competitors, we tend to be stable and we get an influx of people looking at us.
Paul C. Reilly: They vary by company. And when people joined and also, there are certain firms that do have awards coming up in this coming year, so probably don't want to go into too much of that detail. We know where the flow's coming from right now but there are, there is just more activity because of all those factors.
Paul C. Reilly: I guess we're all kind of pausing, pausing a little bit here. I don't think we've seen any major shifts in the short term. Obviously, we're all aware of where funds are flowing but been relatively stable, nothing major changed recently.
Paul C. Reilly: It's a double-edged sword. When things are down, people think it's not the right time to sell. So all their pricing comes in and when things are up, sometimes they want to get to the next level. So you always just have to find the right manager, the right culture, at the right time to sell. So we are very, we're very actively talking to a lot of people in general terms, haven't pulled the trigger, haven't found the right fit yet. But I'd say people are very open to talking. I don't think pricing has changed a lot but we're really just trying to find the right fit to add, for us to add. But I wouldn't say, I wouldn't see there any significant changes.
Paul C. Reilly: About 2/3 of the assets are billed at the beginning of the quarter and their balance is split pretty evenly between average daily and then the institutional accounts are billed at the end of the quarter, which is why Asset Management showed a slight downtick in revenues because they were -- they did have a block of assets, their institutional accounts that were billed out at the end of the quarter in arrears as well as those on the average daily that went -- hurt a little bit versus the prior quarter as well.
Paul C. Reilly: There are a couple of factors, if you look at the year as a whole, certainly, our strength in the REIT and MLP space and energy were big factors in our year. Those markets picked up early and we did very well on them. So if you look on year-over-year performance, they were driven by those. We really believe that there is a lot of room for pickup as you still see. What I call middle-market IPOs never really hitting stride. We do have, with the Howe Barnes acquisition, significantly have expanded our big business and certainly the banking space with these prices, there aren't a lot of sellers and there aren't a lot of forced sellers either. So people aren't raising capital to buy and people aren't selling, given the pricing environment. But we believe that will come back. We've made a significant investment in technology versus acquisitions. We've acquired people and we believe we're well-positioned there. So we believe there's a lot of firepower and still, if you look at revenue per bank or in other things, a lot of room to grow in banking. For the quarter, the quarter looked probably a little better in banking than it really was. Two factors, again, M&A has been very strong. The Lane Berry acquisition has paid off extremely well. The people have integrated and are performing very, very well. Backlog looks good. We're continuing -- they're continuing to generate good numbers in the M&A space. But also, this quarter, we had a very, very strong unusually strong Tax Credit Fund. So when you add it all into banking, maybe banking was down a little more this quarter given the markets boosted by Tax Credit Funds. But in any normal, what I call whatever normal is, Tom promised me that this would be a fun business in a normal environment when I joined in '09, so I'm still waiting for that. Any kind of normalized environment, I think we have a lot of room for growth in Equity Capital Markets and we've made bets on people so I think there's positives ahead but we need the market there too to do it.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, we're consistent. We're not the high payers on the street. Never have been, never plan to be. We pretty much held our front money, maybe it’s up slightly but we've kind of held and I think that maybe other people have come in and we're having advisers that just say the money isn't worth it, that they want to be in an environment that they're used to working in. So we'll see what happens with some of the bigger banks who are kind of leaders in the front money charge on the employee side and probably 1 independent firm has been a leader on the independent side in front money. We've been pretty consistent at kind of holding the line in what we consider as economic deal and fair pricing. So it hadn't gone away, maybe not as vicious as it was a year ago, but there are still people offering more money than we do for transition.
Paul C. Reilly: I think on marks there aren't any inherent build up in negative marks or positive marks outside of how those business are doing in private equity. So we mark them every quarter to what we think the values are. We try to do it conservatively but consistently. So I don't think there's anything that's imminent in the flow outside of how those businesses have performed.
Paul C. Reilly: And the difficult part I think for modeling for you all is if the market's up, you gain back that COLI and it reverses. So you're going -- the flows make it difficult when these markets gyrate the way they did last quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: And I think, yes, that business is fund-based, so when the funds close, you get a little lumpiness. And so we had just a big quarter. So I wouldn't -- this would not be an average go-forward quarter. And again, I think the banking business is going to be dependent on the market. That's the hard thing looking at the quarter. Backlog is strong. We don't see companies withdrawing. They're just waiting and we get any kind of stabilization or stable growth in the market I think we're going to see a flurry of activity but I can't tell you if and when that will happen and that's the tough thing in that business right now.
Paul C. Reilly: It was up 90% just last year so it did have an impact in the year but it will be up again next year.
Paul C. Reilly: With the closing of the bank, it will happen. Now the loans have not closed, subject to regulatory approval and that approval is really tied to the holding company approval. So that's why the delay. So if we do close on that package, there will be a provision for it, but that's what I call good provisions.
Paul C. Reilly: $50 million. You might think of that as more evergreen. We try to bring it back to that $75 million level a couple of times a year but deviates from that. It's really not. There's plenty of capital to buy back stock, it's just you don't get that opportunity to buy back lots at attractive prices. We hope we have the opportunity to buy more and we hope we don't. That's up to the market.
Paul C. Reilly: I think, first, you got to look back. I mean we didn't have the credit issues that other banks had. We certainly had more than we would have liked. But if you benchmark our loan, our mortgage portfolio against industry numbers and our NIC exams and our C&I against industry comparables, we did very, very well. So I think you're seeing us business as usual. Our numbers don't show any releases of reserves. I mean we're just -- we're operating like we've always operated, except '09 we took a little more credit losses as the markets deteriorated. But I think, comparing us to those institutions with very different loan portfolios is not a good benchmark.
Paul C. Reilly: No, they weren't. I wouldn't actually announce that we refreshed and we were repurchasing stock. We weren't repurchasing this week if that was your question.
Paul C. Reilly: Okay. Well, great. Appreciate talking, sharing this time with you. It's kind of a tough market. Here in St. Petersburg, as we see the sun rise in 70-degree weather, it's kind of hard to realize we're being impacted by what's happening in Greece in our markets, but I guess all the capital markets are right now. So our net-net business is well-positioned. We're optimistic medium- and long-term, short-term. And we're a little bit captive by the markets but we're going to continue to operate the business as we have for almost 50 years and continue to build it for the long-term. And we'll talk to you again next quarter. Thanks.
Chester Bee Helck: Well, I agree with that. I think that the other sort of macro factor that you have to recognize is that Raymond James brand has really come through this market cycle much stronger relative to the competition than we went into the cycle. And so with all the numbers that we see in brand strength, measuring the metrics from both the retail side, I mean the client-side, the investor side as well as from the professional side talent and we have a great deal more respect and just knowledge out here. People know who we are now. They respect who we are and when people decide to make a move, we have -- more frequently get a chance to talk to them than maybe we would have 5 years ago or certainly 10 years ago. So we've become a bigger, stronger company.
Chester Bee Helck: Paul would tell you that the mandates aren't record highs. So there's plenty of activity in the channel in theory. It's just converting it to business.
Chester Bee Helck: We've been doing that anyway and then making this test at the end of the year, do these balance sheet gross-up tests. But it would certainly preclude us needing to do that going forward. But they've even, this year, agreed we didn't need to do it even though we hadn't converted yet.
Chester Bee Helck: Just looking at some of the segments that we play in, our commercial real estate exposures have come down dramatically in the last couple of years and that's where most institutions had issues in addition to the residential portfolio. Our C&I commercial and industrial portfolio held up very nicely. We've had very strong credit performance in that segment of our balance sheet and in that business. But the project finance real estate and we virtually don't have any development in land and construction loans anymore. So we had a very benign quarter credit-wise in terms of our commercial portfolio and we actually did see some improvement in the residential past dues for the quarter. So in terms of the credit charges and the residential portfolio that was relatively stable. And the change quarter-over-quarter in terms of charge-offs and provision expense were related to, once again, a strong quarter in our commercial portfolio.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think, Hugh, they probably ranged from 3 to 7 years, something like that. So we're starting to see the early ones come off.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only thing I would say is that probably we are screening out more of the people we talk to simply because the track records don't meet the differentials that we'd like to see in terms of Alpha over longer periods of investment results. So that when we go through the screens of the people we're talking to, you see too much risk that a very short-term downdraft in performance would result in lost assets under management. And as a consequence, we have been very careful on that front.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But we still had net sales growth. So essentially, it was offset and the factors weren't as large. And while you hesitate to ever mention market value -- market values are up 8% from the end of the quarter, too. So hopefully we'll get a new market at the end of March that will put us back where we were.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: There are big marks up in the June quarter. As we talked about last time, that's what's making the comparison look funny. This quarter was more normal. There are also some negatives that flow in there. There are some OTTI impairments on some securities at the bank and things that are some, I call expenses, but losses that flow through other revenues as well. So that's why you had a negative number last year.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, the revenue and expense line, revenue expenses net in the same line so it's just the tax impact on the revenue side that gets reflected, not on the expense side, which is why it swings. There's a gain or loss on the investment and then there's a comp expense on the other side, which net against one another.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We model it flat starting the year. And then as we learn more about where the market's trending over the course of the year, we try to adjust it. And then with the COLI portfolio was up $12 million at the end of June year-to-date and up the year down $3 million. So that's a big swing for 1 quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's just on relative magnitude, the Tax Credit Fund business might be a $10 million to $15 million to $20 million pretax business for us over the course of a year so not something that's going to dramatically move the needle on the capital markets.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That business was on the brink and incredible enough, because they were 60% of the market, it has recovered.
Steven M. Raney: It's Steve Raney. Just last quarter, approximately 65% of our new fundings were actually secondary market acquisitions. Most of which were add-ons to existing positions where we, at the initial primary syndication, where we may have, for example, may have committed 25 and we only got 10. Prices have come in a little bit the last quarter and we were able to add to some positions. Here, more recently in the last, I would say, 45 days, the primary markets have really slowed down quite a bit. But for the bulk of the September quarter, the beginning part of the quarter, the primary markets were pretty busy and then the second half of the quarter, we were adding the positions in the secondary market. So if prices once again had come down to more reasonable levels where before most loans are trading at a premium, we were able to add to some positions at slight discounts.
Steven M. Raney: We're looking until it's about $7.25 million that we had -- that number is still a good number to use for your model.
Steven M. Raney: We've been really operating like a National Bank. Our balance sheet composition and the way we conduct our business is more commercial lending oriented. We're growing our residential business as well. But for all intents and purposes, the actual conversion itself will not impact the way we're conducting our business. We've been operating in that environment for the past few years. And as Paul mentioned, the OCC allowed us to not have to do the gross up at the end of the year, really reflecting how imminent the conversion should be at this point. So but no change in the business model at this point based on the conversion.
Steven M. Raney: I would think that we are anticipating some continued credit improvement over the next 12 to 18 months, so we would see that maybe trend down a little bit in terms of allowance to total loans. We would think that the provision expense for this quarter will hopefully be, as Jeff alluded to, tied more to growth than downgrades. But you're always subject to individual loans having some issues and you having to add reserves. But we would anticipate some slight decrease in terms of allowance to total loans occurring during the course of this year.
Steven M. Raney: I think that the current mix is going to be relatively stable with the exception of the addition of the $500 million of the Allied Irish portfolio. When that closes. That's going to increase the commercial portfolio as a percentage of total assets. But we're trying to grow both our residential portfolio and our commercial portfolio in balance with one another.
