Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of the call, I'm pleased with our results for fiscal second quarter and through the first half of the fiscal year, generating record results and ending the quarter with record client assets. And while there is still economic uncertainty, I believe we are in a position of strength to drive growth over the long-term across all our businesses. In the Private Client Group, next quarter's results will be positively impacted by the 7% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. Our advisor recruiting activity remains robust and I'm encouraged by a record number of large teams in the pipeline. We are focused on being a destination of choice for current and prospective advisors which we believe over the long-term should continue to drive industry-leading growth. In the Capital Markets segment, we continue to have a healthy M&A pipeline and good engagement levels, but our expectations for a gradual recovery are heavily influenced by market conditions. And we could expect activity to pick up over the next 6 to 9 months. And in the Fixed Income business, the overall dynamic of the past year remain unchanged. Depository clients are experiencing flat to declining deposit balances and have less cash available for investing in securities, putting pressure on our brokerage activity. We hope that once rate and cash balances stabilize, we will start to see an improvement. Overall, despite some of the near-term challenges, we believe the investments we've made in the Capital Markets business have positioned us well for growth once the market rate environment becomes conducive. In the Asset Management segment, financial assets under management are starting the fiscal third quarter, up 5% over the preceding quarter, which should provide a tailwind to revenues. We remain confident that strong growth of assets in fee-based accounts in the Private Client Group segment will drive long-term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Raymond James investment management to help drive further growth over time. In the Bank segment, we remain focused on fortifying the balance sheet with diverse funding sources and prudently growing assets to support client demand. We have seen securities-based loan payoffs decelerate, and we expect demand for these loans to recover as clients get comfortable with the current level of rates. With little activity in the market, corporate loan growth has been muted. However, with ample client cash balances and capital, we are well positioned to lend once activity increases in our conservative risk guidelines. In addition to driving organic growth across our businesses, we also remain focused on the corporate development efforts for opportunities that may meet our disciplined M&A parameters. In closing, we are well positioned entering the fiscal third quarter with a strong competitive positioning in all of our business and solid capital and liquidity base to invest in future growth. As always, I want to thank our advisors who drive this business and associates for their continued dedication to providing excellent service to their clients. Thank you for all you do. That concludes our prepared remarks. Operator, will you please open the line for questions. 
Paul Reilly: I think you're seeing the same trends that the teams we're hiring are larger. So we're bringing in more assets. We're on a great roll in terms of assets in trailing 12. We do have head count that moves to our RIA channel. And that takes them out of head count because they're not licensed. So even with that movement, we keep the assets, but we're not keeping the head count, and we'll try to give you more granularity on Investor Day -- Analyst Day. Then you have ins and outs. So we do have some outs, in the end, take time to onboard. So the assets usually take when you see a robust quarter like the [ $80 million ] of trailing 12 that take 9 months to a year to get all those assets over. So our expectation is that the recruiting will continue and continues strong. And I think part of the transparencies, we need to give you a little more transparency on the RIA and how to think about that. We've struggled with the measurement to give you -- so you can see through those. 
Paul Reilly: Well, yes, so I appreciate the question. We're digesting 500 pages of a regulatory rule is a little more -- even more complicated than trying to get through our earnings release, so -- to analyze it. So it's early. The early read is actually from the rule itself, is we -- there's nothing that pops out that's overly problematic. It actually maybe surprisingly so. I think the industry's concern will be 2. One is that does the Department of Labor even have the authority to oversee these accounts, and that doesn't have to do with this rule, I don't think the rule itself will have a high impact. But do we want another regulator to concede there's statutory authority for the regulator to oversee those accounts? And the other thing is if the rule is talking about really complying with best interest standard, why is there an extra rule? So -- but the rule itself is I think, much more manageable than the draft rule was. So again, that's an early read. The devil is always in the detail, but I don't think the rule itself and what it requires to do today is -- doesn't look too problematic at all. 
Paul Reilly: If you look for the first 6 months, where it -- I think compared to the industry in the 5s, that we did pretty well. So this quarter was slower in terms of the number. Typically it is a little lower but lower -- maybe a little lower than we would have thought in terms of the number itself, but the recruiting is going well, the movement to RIA, you can see that net new assets growth was pretty robust. And that asset growth was pretty robust. So I think it actually, it was -- we have quarters where things are down and quarters where things are up. And I just think it was down a little more than we anticipated from a measurement standpoint. But the recruiting, not only in what we brought in this quarter, but what we have in the pipeline, I think we have a relatively good chance of closing, I can't remember it ever being stronger. So the numbers will be impacted by the -- in terms of advisor count, how many go to RIA and then hopefully, the ones that do will choose to stay with us. So -- and we've had a pretty good record on it so far. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So we have done a lot of adjusting in terms of the cost and lowering the cost in that business, but we've also done some hiring. So the business is very leveraged to the upside as revenue comes up. I mean so the margin 2 years ago, we put 50% or something. I mean so now it's not. So I mean there's leverage for the revenue to grow to really help with that margin. So the question is just the market. And we're open always to bring in talent. I think we showed in '09 and the worst part of it, we were hiring when other people weren't and it really paid off for our growth for the whole next decade.  And so that is the blessing of a really strong capital position, is that we have the opportunity even in tough markets to hire, carry and really position talent to bring us forward. We've done some fixed Public Finance hiring that we're already seeing payoff from in the last -- this quarter and this coming quarter that if you looked at just the results of Public Finance, you wouldn't have thought it, but we're, again, great believers in the business, the platform. And if there's great talent out there, we're willing to take a long-term investment and liquidity and capitalize in order to do that. 
Paul Reilly: And if we did, we would be doing -- we would be taking a lot of different actions than we've taken so far. I think we've prudently cut expenses and making sure that we have the right people on the field, but we think we have a great team and as the market recovers, we believe they'll do very well. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think our capital philosophy hasn't changed in that. We would love to add to the business, invest in the business first. And certainly, our recruiting was an ongoing large investment, which is certainly, I don't think anyone thinks it's a bad investment. We're looking for M&A opportunities and are active in the market but can't predict the timing. And we're not -- certainly, we've committed to buy dilution back and be opportunistic, but we don't want the capital levels. We think that these levels are high, and we want to manage them. So we will be meeting with the Board. And I think by the Analyst and Investor Day, we may have better insight to how we may do that. But to the profitability, we're not trying to hoard capital doesn’t benefit us, but we will always be higher probably than most firms, but this is a pretty robust level. We acknowledge that. I think our commitment, for those on this call, thinking we'd do a buyback that averaged $120 plus, you wouldn't have thought we would have done that even a quarter or 2 ago. So we are trying to manage the level. 
Paul Reilly: Yes, we could go into a long -- I mean that's a hard question to answer quickly. I mean there's -- our primary geographies are North America and then Europe, that we look for the best opportunities in each business. The opportunities are different, in our Private Client Group, it's really North America and the U.K. Our M&A group is much broader, we're on the continent, not really in Asia, but not against M&A capability more than we have today in Asset Management, this particular product. We can go on and on and on. So it's -- we think in all the areas of the firm, there are areas that we can grow that strategically helps us through acquisition, but that would be a lot longer than -- a lot more detailed in that general question. So each business has different needs. In M&A, we think there are areas that we could expand. The Private Client Group, we think our geographies. We've done well in the Northeast but could do more, and we're really focused on growing in the West more robustly. So the answer is a lot of areas, if we could find the right opportunities and make a reasonable return for shareholders that we would execute on. 
Paul Reilly: Just that the competition is still robust. I mean, that the advisor movement, especially of large teams has been -- [ already as a ] focus has been big. I think private equity investment into the RIA space has caused more movement to into outside of the independent broker-dealers and employee broker-dealers. So that's kind of a new factor in force. So part of the reason why a decade ago, we started investing -- to have our RIA channels, so we could be competitive. So yes, I mean, I can't remember a time where there has been a lot of competition, but we still see wire house movement in our favor. I think that you're seeing more people not reporting advisor count for that reason. But we see a lot of activity. But it's competitive. There are a lot of people out there competing and it's -- at the end of the day, it's not just money. I think what people think the highest bidder is good at -- if you look at our -- we just saw the latest industry source, we're still lower than most firms by a fair margin in our transition assistance, but it's clearly up from a couple of years ago, so reflecting the competition. So it's competitive, but we believe our platform is what lands people on our culture. And so, so far, it's continuing. But it's not easy. It's hard work. 
Paul Reilly: In the market, there's certainly a lot of movers and movements of the smaller teams that want to become RIAs and big teams that have the infrastructure to be RIAs. So the movement is really kind of across the board, larger teams. One of the positives and challenges of RIAs is that you can affiliate with a firm, but have multi-custodians. So I think that if you look at set -- large RIAs at some of the big custodial firms, they still move assets sometimes. So you don't have to have a firm affiliate with you to be an asset gainer, too. So the dynamic of that, it's a much more dynamic industry in that way. It's kind of all or none in the registered rep side. And it's a fight for wallet on the RIA side. 
Paul Reilly: I think we're in the ballpark of flexibility. The question just is that question. If you see something where it could be bigger, but you can't just wait and wait with total capital. We've drifted up once, if I remember right, Paul, 14% or something. And people are saying, what are you doing? But we had 3 deals that we executed in 1 year that brought it down. So it [ hit 10 ] and then has been building back up. So if it was so smooth and we could forecast it, it would be real easy, right? But if M&A kind of hits, deals sometimes come almost out of the blue or someone just decides they're going to sell. And so that's why if we average up sometimes it's -- we feel like the market will be -- we'll have opportunities that we can foreshadow, but that doesn't mean we're right. It's one thing to enter into a discussion. It's another thing for a seller to agree its time and pick us and to close. So that's the challenge. But many of the deals that we have closed is because we could execute and we could -- we were -- not only were they attractive to us, but there was a certainty of closing both financially and that we had enough cash on hand that it wasn't a leap, the financing because we're not leveraged isn’t a leap that we can close very, very quickly. So I wish I could give you a science to that, there's a little more art to it and we would love to be as clear as we can on this. But if we had the magic formula, we would let you know or at least package it and sell it to our competitors. 
Paul Reilly: I think our focus internally is first to our existing advisors, both technology and capabilities to make sure they're spending as much time as they can with their clients and acquiring new clients. It makes the advisors happy. It means our clients are happy, that's the cheapest growth for us. So our focus -- and it develops the platform for other advisors still want to come to. So the tools we put out, the technology we put out, the back office modernization, all of that is to help advisor productivity and that does drive a lot of our growth in what we do and keeps advisors here. This is a market -- and frankly, the market has been this way for a while. We're -- almost any advisor could leave and get a lot of money for their book and start somewhere else, but they stay here because of that. So that's a big focus of ours. That's where we pay a lot of attention. Number one is on retention. And I think part of our growth rates have been driven by our retention rates, too, and our recruiting. So I'm not sure if there's more to the question, but that's kind of focus number one is to make the existing advisors happy and productive. 
Paul Reilly: There's 2 pieces to that. There's are we underpenetrated compared to wire houses in terms of loans to clients. You would say yes, but our other thing is we take a position with advisors, your job is to do the right thing for your clients. And if our loans are -- if you like, our mortgage loans, use them, if you don't, it's -- something is better else for your clients, use it. So our job is to provide competitive products. And the advisor's job is to figure out what's appropriate for their clients to use. So we do not put quotas. We do not put incentives. Some people have product incentives for their top trips or their managers have quotas to try to hit, we have none of that. We just want advisors to do what's best for the business. And then we try to develop compelling products and services that they can educate, that they could use to help the client. So our numbers industry-wide are lower, but we understand why because we're not pushing it. We're -- we do it through education, not through trying to use incentives to get them to do it. So now you can talk about from a capital allocation standpoint, that might be different from our side, like what loans we'd like to grow. The good news is for us is we like the Private Client Group loans, the SBLs, the mortgages, the other things that  they have -- not only SBLs have our best risk-adjusted return or secured and they're good for clients and they're flexible for clients. So we're matched up that way. So our challenges are more where do we want to go on whether it's the commercial banking section or how much do we want to invest in securities and other that are more of a financial decision and long-term investments. So they're -- so penetration is a good question. We are lower, but we don't try to force it. We want our advisors to do it if it's the right thing for their clients. 
Paul Reilly: Great. We appreciate you all coming on and good quarter, already on to the next quarter. And I think we've got some good tailwinds. So we look forward to it. And I'm not sure I look forward to hearing all these generational comments about how old I am, how ready Paul is, but he is ready. So I think you're going to see a lot of good things from Raymond James. So thanks for joining us today. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Alex, I appreciate that. What we said was that the target that we announced at the last Analyst Investor Day was 65%. And so that's sort of where we've been trending in the first 2 quarters, but that's going to -- what it does for the rest of the year is going to be largely dependent on the Capital Markets segment. That's a big driver. Typically that would have a lower capital ratio -- comp ratio associated with it, then the other segments would help the firm's overall comp ratio, and that wasn't the case this quarter, as you can calculate. So we are pleased to be able to generate close to a 65.2% adjusted comp ratio despite the challenges in that Capital Markets segment. In terms of the reset of the payroll taxes and the increase in salaries that's typical for the calendar first quarter of each year, I would say that probably had an impact around $30 million to $35 million in the quarter. So a meaningful impact in the quarter. Of course, the salary increases will continue throughout the year. But probably 2/3 of that or so was related to the payroll tax reset, which will decline throughout the course of the calendar year. 
Paul Shoukry: I mean we had tax season. We also had a record quarterly fee billing that came out of the cash balances already. And so I look at today's report, cash sweep balances so far in April are down $1.3 billion, which is less than the impact from the fee billings. Though we had some -- a decline in the Enhanced Savings Program so far as it was able to -- and again, that could have been impacted. We have tracked significant payments to the IRS with the tax season here. So -- and if you look at the last couple of quarters after the fee payments remain, cash kind of built throughout the quarter, and you saw that certainly in this past quarter where cash sweep balances ended relatively flat quarter-over-quarter, which are -- exceeded our expectations that we shared on the last call. So we are hopeful that balances are stabilizing, and so we'll kind of continue monitoring it from here. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I think maybe the only thing we can really point to is the margins peaking out in the mid-20s. I think it's 25%, 26% and [ 21%, 22% ] in that time period. And so there's a lot of upside to the margins from where we are today. And just remember, this quarter was impacted by $20 million of deferred comp amortization from those record years as well, which will run off over the course of the next 12 to 18 months because those are 3-year deferrals typically. So there's been a lot of upside. We have a very strong franchise now in Investment Banking, the pipelines and the leading activity levels are good. Closings are difficult to predict just because of this margin environment. But we think there's a lot of upside to both the top and bottom line in our Capital Markets segment. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. As you know, loan growth has been tepid, not only for us, but the -- really the entire banking industry since rates started rising over the last 12 to 16 months. And a lot of that is due to just the higher rate environment and a lot of corporations and investors coming into this environment flushed with cash. We are optimistic about loan growth going forward. We don't know exactly when that inflection point will hit, but we do think that there's a demand building up both for companies who will eventually get back engaged in M&A and other investing activities as well as Private Client Group investors. So one of the reasons that we are maintaining strong capital funding positions and a lot of flexibility is to be in a position of strength when that loan growth does resume because it is just a matter of -- in our minds, just a matter of timing for when that loan growth recovers. And so we're well positioned for it. We don't know when that will come back, but we're optimistic about the growth going forward. 
Paul Shoukry: It was flattish for us as you point out sequentially as it was, I think the rest of the industry, at least those who reported thus far. So I'm not sure you necessarily need to wait for rates to decrease. It's just maybe a stabilization of rate even as borrowers get used to sort of the new norm. So I think that's really what we're seeing as we transition from historically low rates to where our current levels at an unprecedented pace. It's just a lot of people are still getting used to -- and companies are still getting used to this level of rates. 
Paul Shoukry: I would say a lot of the shift in cash balances from on balance sheet to third-party banks have really occurred in the last couple of quarters. So the NIM going forward is going to be more driven by, one, the absolute level of rates and what happens with short-term rates going forward and also to the asset mix, to the extent -- we're a little heavy right now on the bank balance sheet and cash balances. Going back to the comments I made earlier about wanting to be in a position of strength when loan demand recovers. And so that brings down the NIM all else being equal, but it's at least a push, if not a modest positive to NII, net interest income and earnings. But in the meantime, it does drag down the NIM a bit as we hold more cash balances than we think we would need on a run rate basis. So as far as the jumping-off point, I think it is a relatively stable number from where we were this quarter. We're not shifting, proactively shifting cash balances off balance sheet to third-party banks like we were doing over the last couple of quarters. So I think that's all fairly well reflected this quarter. 
Paul Shoukry: I mean we have been consistently investing in all of our businesses. First and foremost, the largest business by far is our Private Client Group business. And we don't anticipate that changing. So that's where the vast majority of our investment dollars go. But we also invest heavily in growth in the Capital Markets, Asset Management and the Bank businesses. They're all great businesses. If you look at the last 3 years and even the first half of this fiscal year, being able to generate record revenues and earnings in very different market environments has -- is a testament and a reflection of having a diversified business model. So we're going to continue to invest in very high service levels, continue to invest in technology to enhance the service levels and create more efficiencies for advisors so they can spend more time with clients, as Paul was touching on earlier. So kind of maybe a long-winded way of saying there's not going to be a dramatic change because everything is really working very well and has been since our founding in 1962 -- being focused on essentially the same businesses that we're focused on today. And so that's sort of the kind of plan going forward. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. With a couple of quarters ago, the rates came down quite -- the yields came down quite a bit and gave depositories a repositioning opportunity. And on the call last quarter, I think we talked about that repositioning opportunity being somewhat episodic in nature. And throughout the course of this quarter, rates actually went up again. And so the underlying factors that Paul discussed on the call in his prepared remarks was that depositories are still struggling to grow deposit balances or keep deposit balances flat. And so they're going to be prudent and slow to reinvest in securities in this environment. So -- and that's the largest part of our Fixed Income business. So we continue to expect some headwinds there until deposit balances start growing again and banks feel more confident investing in their securities portfolio. Meanwhile, SumRidge has been nice in that it has diversified the fixed-income revenue streams with its corporate trading technology-enabled capability. And so -- but that business drives on volatility and this past quarter, spread and the rate volatility wasn't as significant. So they didn't have sort of the uplift that they had in preceding quarters. 
