Paul Reilly: I think first of all, the recruiting trends have been very good for a number of years and they continue to increase. Hopefully as people, for two reasons, believe that our platform both in our attitude towards advisors and their clients is unique, especially from the larger firms and that we offer a platform that were large enough to be able to offer the technology and services they can get at larger firms yet have more of a culture of the smaller regional firm, that family feel, which is evident here in my 650 kids at our conference, which I don’t think you’re going to find most anywhere. So that has continued to resonate. And as many firms have tended to try to institutionalize their clients around their advisors and some advisors feeling like they’re competing with them, I think our message just resonates and has been picking up. On protocol, we did see some slowdown from a couple of those firms but the volume of discussions are very high and so far we’ve done very well in all the temporary restraining orders in cases where firms filed against advisors, we’ve been winning those. If advisors do it properly and honor their agreement, the transitions are happening. But overall we’re just in a good market environment as many of the other regional firms are doing well too, but we happen to be doing very well and I think it’s just our platform’s the right place at the right time in this environment.
Paul Reilly: Well, first, it was a very large quarter. In June alone I think in the employee group, our projected recruits were over 40% happened in the June quarter. So the actual transitions occur even when people commit the actual transitions, June quarter has traditionally been our largest quarter. That makes sense after bonuses are paid and everything else, people tend to plan their movements to other firms. And the biggest charge against that, we have two. We do have transition assessments that we amortize with ACAT, the cost of moving their client accounts from their firm to our firm fits the P&L. So we had a big bunch. And we also signed on a very large correspondent firm where the cost of that move – it was the firm. It doesn’t show up in the number of advisors but it was a large firm in terms of assets and their advisors. And in that fee alone I believe was about $3 million --
Paul Reilly: Just to move that and that doesn’t show up in number of advisors at all. So that also was a spike. So you add those two together, that’s the big spike there.
Paul Reilly: It’s just numerous cases and issues that we go through all year and they – it’s the cost of doing business. There’s just a bunch of things that hit in this quarter where we increased the reserves to where we think they’ll cover the issues and it just go lumpy. There’s a bunch in this quarter. As we said on the call, we think the run rate that we’ve incurred in the last – first three months is more indicative of the run rate. So we just had a lumpy quarter for no particular reason. It’s just timing of when they happened.
Paul Reilly: So I guess the 14 million was the elevated number for March from kind of what we – a typical run rate.
Paul Reilly: But a big driver of those increases have been as we put in our developing new supervision and compliance systems and others we’ve brought consultants and look at the structure of those. And so we’ve had elevated professional fees this year also that are driving some of that.
Paul Reilly: They are in business development. I would call those generally good expenses. The other tend not to be --
Paul Reilly: On the advisors, advisors tend to come over and bring a good portion of their book in the first quarter maybe half cost and then their other half over the year and grow from there. So there’s definitely a lag effect. Each advisor is different and it takes time to get their accounts to transfer them. But our history has been kind of after the first year they kind of grow past where they were. Some of that’s new gross. Some of it is bringing their book over. So there is a lag effect.
Paul Reilly: There’s so many moving items. So conferences and events for this quarter, over $8 million and then maybe a 1 million --
Paul Reilly: The biggest challenge is – we could have done a better job of communicating when these events typically were smoother throughout the year. Now they are definitely lumpier in the third and fourth calendar fiscal quarters. So you’re just experience this quarter, next quarter and they were lower the quarter before. So we probably could have communicated a little bit better on that. But that’s really the big impact on our mind. And recruiting is just going to be when it happens. That $3 million fee was an unusually large fee but a very, very good correspondent firm. So that was the cost of transition.
Paul Reilly: And longer term we can take every once deposit beta forecast which I’m not sure based on anything because you think it will range from --
Paul Reilly: Zero to 125 – I think everyone’s guessing. And we believe that longer term that those spreads should come in just on competitive factors. Like we’ve said, we’ve been positioning to be at kind of the higher end of the competitive markets but not leading, certainly not lagging by any manner. And they just haven’t yet. As long as the spreads remain as they have, we’ll do fine. But the view is longer term is the competition for cash increases that rates should. We just haven’t seen it yet. And you can ask our opinion. We’ve been wrong every time, so we’d rather not just guess.
Paul Reilly: And then there’s residential or short-term loans anywhere from three to five – five to seven-year arms I think, so they’ve got a short fixed rate period to them. And then the longest is the tax exempt portfolio which because those are sometimes up to 10-year fixed rate, we hedge a good portion of those.
Paul Reilly: We are seeing increased penetration on Northeast and West. We’d like to see more because we have a lot of market share opportunity there. So I would say it’s been so fairly broad-based geographically but it’s increasing in the Northeast and the West. And the other good news is Alex. Brown has gotten traction recruiting. We’re getting many more recruits also join that channel where if you look at Morgan Keegan, it took two years before they recruited everybody and anybody as they go settled in. I think Alex. Brown is we’re seeing momentum there after the year going into the second year. So if you really look at recruiting, it’s hard to isolate it against really all the channels are doing very, very well. And so it’s broad based and it’s mainly via house done [ph].
Paul Reilly: So in terms of your first question on cash balances, it’s hard to answer. I think we’re kind of in a unique cycle. But if you look more historically, our client cash rates were more tied to money market rates and we had our own money market funds and a lot of firms like ours kind of type. And I think with increased regulatory costs and instead of increasing fees, institutions have kept more of that cash balance so we’re getting spreads that for us are record high spreads. So it’s kind of hard to determine behavior. There are some people speculating that the hottest money are the people seeking yields move quickly and it’s going to slow down. I don’t have a model that will tell you that. And we have lost cash balances even with our recruiting brings new balances. So it tells you the stable cash balances have been moving. So it’s something we’re just going to have to watch and I think hard to predict.
Paul Reilly: I think overall the M&A market still stays constructive. There’s a lot of equity, a lot of cash in private equity funds. I think part of the downturn in underwriting is that firms instead of going public have gone the private equity route. And when you can get as large as Facebook did before you go public I think that shows you what’s been happening in the private equity markets. They’ve gone up a little bit, down, still pretty constructive and most private equity firms look at a whole period and then to get out. So you add all those together I think in the near term the market looks pretty constructive. And certainly our experience in the segments we operate is the pipeline looks pretty good.
Paul Reilly: So on our view, our view is as always the same. So it’s always going to be we look for strategic opportunities to expand the franchise but they have to be a cultural fit or we just won’t look at them. And then it gets down to price. And a lot of firms, because of the cultural fit question we talk to for many, many years, 3Macs; MacDougall, MacDougall & MacTier, my first meeting with them was in '09. I think Tom’s was 2000. So we look at the firm’s opportunities for a very – and wait hopefully for those firms that fit. We’re also opportunistic. Alex. Brown was more opportunistic and we moved quickly. Morgan Keegan was one we’ve been talking to for a couple of years. So we’re out there and we’re active. We have a corporate development function. So for us it’s not really the market cycle. We have the luxury of capital and we will pull the trigger if we find the firm that fits and it has good return for shareholders. And probably do that in up and down cycles. Certainly in down cycles you might get more firms that are looking to be acquired and the pricing’s a little better. But if we get the right pricing in this market long term, we’ll execute and continue to look.
Paul Reilly: For Private Client Group, Asset Management where it fits where it’s not indexable [ph] and certainly the M&A business itself globally for the equity capital markets business. And we’re looking at niches in other segments but those are the primary focus.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, I wanted to thank you all for the call and I wish we could give guidance when numbers go up and down, but we don’t control them all. But I think that the revenue drivers are all in great shape. I think we can explain the unusual – hopefully unusual claims and expenses this quarter and we look forward to the next quarter. So thank you for your time. Thank you, Rae.
Jeffrey Julien: In total, we had reserves about $14 million or something that’s above and beyond what we would consider kind of a normal run rate. So it means that was virtually drove that line item by far. And the fact that we had virtually none in the March quarter by comparison. As Paul said, it just was a confluence of things that kind of all occurred or we thought they are appropriate to take some reserves against and that happened all in the same quarter here.
Jeffrey Julien: There are a lot of professional fees, lots of consulting fees, obviously all of our audit costs and none of these things have been going down as you can imagine. I don’t have the list in front of me of all the items. I’m at the conference with Paul in Orlando.
Jeffrey Julien: Maybe the group in St. Pete has some better color on what are some of the other larger line items are in there. We don’t have that in front of us.
Jeffrey Julien: Like I said, unfortunately it’s going to be a very hard line item to give a lot of clarity on. We’ve been pretty close on the communications. That was hard too. But at least I think this is going to average somewhere between $45 million and $50 million average for the year. The June quarter will always be the highest always. For the near term, it will be the highest because that’s where the concentration of events is now and the September quarter will be next. If I had to pick a number and this is a swag and there’s a lot of factors that can change it, it’d probably be in the $50 million range next quarter and in the December and March quarters, it would be substantially lower.
Jeffrey Julien: And if we decide to do some new commercials and run twice of ads, that could be a multimillion dollar cost as well. Right now I can tell you that that should not be a significant factor in the September quarter. But beyond that, it could be.
Jeffrey Julien: Yes, it’s extremely short. Even the securities portfolio at the Bank which is the one place we take some duration risk is we pull that into the two to two and a half year on all of our recent purchases, because as you point out you just don’t get paid to go out any further and we haven’t been growing it that aggressively in the face of rising rates anyway. So it’s extremely short, so we should continue to maintain these spreads as rates rise or if even if they drop.
Jeffrey Julien: I’ll rather keep saying spreads are contracted. That keeps them where they are. But if you see the client cash balance, those continue to contrast. That’s not just us. In fact, we’re probably doing a little better than the rest of the industry. But it has to do with deposit beta and the fact that clients are voting with their fee in some regard going to buy alternative cash investments, positional type as opposed to sweep funds where they can now get what they would consider more competitive rate.
Jeffrey Julien: Devin, we’ve tracked client cash balances ever since I’ve been here which is a fairly long time now and we only had I think – before this year we’ve only had one other year when cash balances ended the year lower than the started the year. But what’s different this time is the deposit beta. We have never had spread – never meaning as long as I’ve been here, we have never had spreads of this magnitude. We always had – we had a money market alternative sweep which we still do for people which was very popular at that time and we sort of – the rates around the industry were sort of pegged toward matching money market fund rates and money market funds now with money market reform act a couple of years ago where they engaged in fees and other negative implications to them are not as attractive a sweep option now for clients. So we have a government funded sweep for us. But the firm earning 150 plus basis point spreads on client cash is I’ve never seen it which is why I keep saying that at some point it’s got to at least come in a little bit from here and I’m sure that that’s causing us to see some of this decline in the industry, because it’s just somewhat unprecedented. And I think it may settle out. I think I’ve talked about this at the Analyst Day. I think it will probably eventually settle out at a level higher than it used to be because money market funds aren’t really viewed as the competition now. And the cost models have changed in all the firms with the amount of compliance in regulatory and technology costs, et cetera, that all the firms need to have to be competitive and stay within regulatory compliance. So while the old spreads may have been 70 basis points, say maybe it settles out between 100 and 125 someday, but for now it’s – and my opinion is still very elevated at the one and the half. That has not happened in my 35 years here.
