Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I just like to make some quick comments kind of updating you on the Morgan Keegan transaction, although I think this is around the ninth business day since the announcement, which does seem like months ago because of our work. That whole process has gone very well. The top 13 managers have agreed to stay with us through that. I know that there was one group that made a comment they wondered if we'd have sufficient management for this and that we take little responsibility that we probably didn't give them enough information pre-transaction. So we have their total management team and our total management team. If you wanted to follow it, say we're kind of overmanaged in this process. But again, as we told you, we were very, very focused on the transitions, getting people on board and moving forward. The integration process is going well. We had 85 of 85 branch managers meeting with us for Morgan Keegan, understanding our platform, going through the fit. And what we find, both in payout structures and cultures are very, very strong fit. We've had our top 6 [ph] fixed income managers on both groups have met here already and then had a further second meeting going through where the integration challenges may be there. Management teams have gelled very, very well and I think performing well. ECM has made a tour of most of the banking groups already and has met with them one-on-one and then going through the process as well as in Memphis. And we've had our techs and ops group. I think 19 people down going through the various areas of integration from compliance to regulatory to ops to tech. And again, means are going very well in a good cultural fit. So we're very, very early in the process, and I'm sure there'll be bumps along the road. But so far, very, very good. And all indications are the culture fit that we were anticipating has been spot on, as well as I've been to Memphis addressing 800 of their people on the process. We're going through our filings from the Hart-Scott -- the DOJ filing, getting ready in the Fed, not really approvals but going through the process of showing them where we are in this in the process and why we think it's a good fit. So on that, all on board, early days. And we feel very good about it. And we realized it's a lot of work. And we're making sure that management is focused both on continuing to deliver results as we go through this integration. So we are very, very busy. And we hope to close it at the end of the quarter as our target date because it fits in nicely with the quarter and what we think the various approval, timings and integration processes will be. So with that in the room, you've heard from Jeff, we have our Chairman, Tom James; Paul Matecki, Legal, returning from the back; and Jennifer Ackart, our Controller, all here. And let's go ahead, Brooke, and open it up for questions.
Paul C. Reilly: On the trading, almost all of our trading profits more than -- usually, more than 100% of our trading profits are fixed income. We don't take proprietary positions. So we just have facilitation losses in ECM. And so the profits, if you look at trading profit numbers, more than 100% is fixed income. But I can tell you, it was skewed to December, too. The market started picking up and have continued to pick up from a slower start at the beginning of the quarter, and it continued to gain speed. But it's almost all fixed income.
Paul C. Reilly: Equity Capital Markets was relatively flat with last quarter, so is fixed income. But not really a big variation versus the preceding quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: So it was really more on the shortfall from the previous quarters on the banking side, not on the brokerage side.
Paul C. Reilly: And I'm sorry, one more point. There's another operation within capital markets called Tax Credit Funds, which you've heard us talk about in the past, which had a very, very big quarter in September. It was pretty normal as they build throughout the year in a much -- the clients' probably $10 million swing in revenues between the last quarter and this one, and that's just that operation. But that exacerbates it to some extent.
Paul C. Reilly: The strategy hasn't changed. And we've been an organic originator, but when we find times, we go into the secondary markets and get good loans. And usually to add on the positions, we continue to be opportunistic in that. So...
Paul C. Reilly: And Joel, we are doing more mortgage loan originations, residential mortgage originations on our own platform now, too. We had our biggest quarter ever in December in that business. And that led to us a residential loan thing roughly flat quarter-over-quarter. So that new production replaced the runoff in the quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. First, we are -- -- we have -- we're already under Fed jurisdiction as a holding company, so that's not really the change. It's just the form of going from a thrift holding company to a bank and financial holding company. As far as the OCC, you have to remember that most of our loans are shared national credits and have been reviewed by the OCC always. And the OCS has taken kind of those ratings because that's the Fed's most secured national credits of the originator. So the Fed's been in here in a pre-exam. They're back in. I'm sure there'll be slight differences. But I think philosophically, we don't anticipate really any changes of significance.
Paul C. Reilly: I think we looked at both of those as independent. I mean, I'm not going to say there's going to be a 0 management distraction through the integration, but our goal has always been organic growth. We have our home offices that are up. And we continue to bring people through. We're very focused on recruiting. And through this -- after -- through this transaction and after, we're going to focus on organic growth, as we always have. So this was just an unusual opportunity to bring it in. So we're going to continue to recruit on both sides, both the employee side, which is what Morgan Keegan really is, and the independent side, where management is not really involved as much on the integration. They're continuing to recruit. So our focus on recruiting really hasn't changed.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We -- this current quarter, we're actually up in headcount. But the home offices, its numbers are up. So we would anticipate that's usually a leading indicator of recruiting. The people sign on, and so we would anticipate it being improving this quarter over last quarter -- I mean, this year over last year.
Paul C. Reilly: We, again, had to try to be conservative in our modeling, but it's held up higher than we would have forecast.
Paul C. Reilly: We are kind of targeting a net growth of $1 billion in loans for the year. And we -- you've seen for $450 million of it in the first quarter, and Canada's going to be another $400 million. So it won't take much in addition to that to get to our budgeted levels.
Paul C. Reilly: That was actually down slightly. So it's not a huge impact. But it's about half of what it was last year.
Paul C. Reilly: I think that's really the call. The investors are conservative and have been investing not to lose money. And certainly, up markets help and you see an increase. But I don't think you're going to take 20 days and change the attitude after people have been through last year, certainly. I think the election's adding a lot of uncertainty, and people are waiting. So we're just anticipating kind of this zone of range of market. And so I think things get sorted out.
Paul C. Reilly: We've got -- obviously, our energy and our REIT markets have performed relatively well. And the better the markets, even the better the activity in there because we're very well positioned. We certainly made a bet on tech. And those markets aren't robust to the extent tech rebounds will do better there. I think it's just really across the board, in the M&A business we're pretty broad. And that backlog looks good. And obviously, the better the market, generally, the better activity there right now. So we -- and the course, with the Howe Barnes, we've made a bet in the big space. And this is in the price range. What happened in the last quarter, if you look at banking pricing, a lot of banks didn't want to sell at that price. And a lot of banks didn't want to raise equity with that pricing. So the extent that market, which has picked up since then, continues to be solid, I think we'll get better performance there, too. So...
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. Devin, I would still say that's approximately the yield that we're anticipating in the portfolio on an unhedged basis. We're going through, as we're now getting a lot closer to closing on this, finalizing all of our hedging strategies. We've been talking to some hedging consulting firms, relying on some expertise that we have because we do provide some hedging for our borrowing clients with our Capital Markets professionals. So we're working through that right now. So I don't really have an answer in terms of -- the execution of that hedging has not been finalized yet. But the yield is still approximately in that 7-plus percent range.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We're having to go through and forecast what we anticipate paydowns and new advances to be in new business. And so there's the...
Paul C. Reilly: I think it will, first, run on really onetime expenses outside of what seem like a perpetual filing cost -- professional expenses. So there are no real changes in levels of expenses from there. And in terms of capital, it's actually because we really have been operating more like a commercial bank that does free up capital, because we got into some thrift real estate test that actually added to capital. But that frees up.
Paul C. Reilly: That's the same as the last -- as the preceding quarter. But that's the minority holder share losses in Latin America and the U.K., some of the consolidated Tax Credit Funds, those 3 businesses. Last year, we had some big banking fees and things in Latin America that caused us to actually go the other way, more than we have in recent history. But these are all add-backs to earnings, as you can see.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, great. We thank you for joining us this morning. I think that we have some tailwinds starting this quarter, but the market is certainly uncertain. Our businesses, I do think, are operating in good shape. We're focused both still on delivering the numbers this quarter in Morgan Keegan. So we're busy over here, but we're optimistic, really, about both. So thank you for joining us this morning, and we'll talk to you again soon.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only change I would mention is, as you've heard us say, is we're trying to get ourselves more into a lead position in some of these, particularly with our own Equity Capital Markets clients to get into more of a fee-generating type of role with respect to some of these facilities instead of being just a participant.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Average loan balances were higher quarter-over-quarter. We used more of the -- of our cash that was sitting there, earning a very, very low spread. And then there was incrementally some additional corporate loan fees that were taken into income as a result of paydowns and payoff of loans. So those 2 factors contributed to the higher net interest margin.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. There's been a little volatility in that, Joel, quarter-over-quarter. The December quarter was higher than September, but it was actually about equal to the prior December 2010 quarter. Loan balances for this quarter, for the March quarter, actually, is going to be higher than the prior quarter. So we've been intentionally putting some of our liquidity to work. I would mention that I would not expect our corporate loan growth absent the closing of the Allied Irish purchase that Paul referenced that we're anticipating closing later on this month. Absent that, excluding that, we would anticipate loan balances to grow at a lower rate this year -- this quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. That will be impacted by the final loan balance that we're going to be closing on. I think that the loan balance may be a little bit lower now as it's taken more time to get this close. It could be below -- it could be between $6 million and $7 million at this point, Joel.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't see a material change from this point forward. We are going to close on the Allied Irish purchase. We had a pretty dramatic growth in the December quarter. I think that we're going to intentionally -- I think the growth pattern's going to be slower going forward over the next few quarter. We're going to obviously be integrating this Canadian acquisition. We've already, as I've mentioned in prior quarters here, we've started doing some business in Canada. We have a handful of loans to Canadian-based companies that we have an institutional relationship with. We are growing our mortgage business. But I think that it's going to be relatively nominal growth from this point forward over the next year or so. And I think that our operating margin should be relatively consistent. And we've been able to leverage a very unique business model. We have a very low FTE, and therefore, our operating efficiencies are pretty high at this point. But I don't anticipate dramatic improvement in that going forward.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think it's fair statement to say we would hedge -- hedge is pretty substantially because we're not anxious to have FX gains and losses in the $5 million to $10 plus million range bouncing around every quarter in the banks or loans.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We're actually in the middle of our safety and soundness exam right now, Devin. And as you know, we went through a pre-conversion exam in the fall. And we went through one a few years ago. So we've had a lot of prior dealings with the OCC. And now it's a merged agency, and we actually have some of our former examination team on the OTS that are still involved with us. So not a terrible amount of change, and we're certainly prepared for any of -- we're well aware now of what to expect and how we'll be working with them.
Devin Ryan: Got it. And so I'm assuming that, that amount of capital that's freed up was already contemplated prior to the Morgan Keegan deal and the capital raise plans for that.
Devin Ryan: Got it. Okay. Great. And then just within other expenses. I know that item can bounce around quite a bit from quarter to quarter. But it looked quite a bit lower than it has in recent quarters. So I don't know if there's any color you can give there, whether or not that's sustainable or that should kind of pick back up in maybe the upper 20s or $30 million a quarter where it has been.
Devin Ryan: Okay. That's fine. And then just lastly, another cleanup item here, just within the minority interest. I know that there's a number of items that can impact that. But just wanted to see if there's anything given that, that number was fairly high again this quarter. I want to see maybe what's in there.
