Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff and just wanted to make a few comments before I open it up for questions. First maybe the preempt question I know will come on kind of our targets. I think once as I have said earlier we think that 15% margin and the 12% ROE targets are good targets for now in this operating environment. Certainly we’re affected by the market. People have been waiting for market correction for a while and it may or may not come and for us it depends when it comes, if it comes in the middle of a quarter and rebounds it doesn’t have a lot of impact, it's on quarter end and it has more impact. But we’re well positioned and we think these targets are good targets given this interest rate environment, until interest rates move I guess if they move. We’re maintaining kind of that outlook. Our private client group business is really been doing extremely well, I’m proud not just for the recruiting but more importantly the retention. We’re getting great retention coming from both of these conferences, the spirit of our advisors are very, very high and a part of it is the market is good, people are happy but a lot of it is -- they are very happy with all our investments in technology and our continued high level support people just believe the firm is really helping them with their business which is kind of our model. We believe that that’s kind of our unique position that we have advisors continue to move to what we call independence and whether they are independent or the employee channel we give our advisors a lot of freedom to practice business the way they want within our guidelines and as deals on the wire houses [ph] tend to burn off and our recruiting pipeline stays very robust. So we expect this recruiting continues to grow, and in the decent market that -- the private client group business should do very, very well. The capital markets business is kind of the tail on the other side that certainly over the (indiscernible) commissions challenged across the industry. We have been in underwriting certainly you know one of the segments that we’re really strong and do well, we do well. When the segments we don’t participate and do well we don’t participate as much which I would say has been in the last quarter or two. We have had good syndicate activity but not high this quarter what I call lead activity. Although July has been so far a good month. Fixed income, like I say you know I got an A franchise, I would say an A plus franchise operating in a D market until volatility and rates move, they are doing a good job of double-digit margins and really one of the toughest markets you could have. So I’m proud of what they have done and our public finance service we have actually continued to look to recruit in this tough down market as we are solidly in the Top 10, I think we’re number eight year-to-date in the lead tables in our public finance. I’m proud of that group. Asset management, because of inflows partly because of the recruiting and the market increase our year should be pretty well set, they should have another good quarter since a lot of their assets are already built in advance. So they should have another solid quarter. And the banks continue to perform well. The challenge for us is we have been very clear to the bank. If you can find loans that need our conservative underwriting standards that are reasonable yield continue to grow and if you can’t don’t make loans, and they have been very good so far in finding good credits that meet our standards. And this market is unpredictable but the banks have done a great job. So overall we’re in a good position. Proud of what we have done, I think this quarter I would characterize as not as good as it looks but very good, where last quarter we told you it was better than it looked and I think the average if you look at nine months running. So I think if you look at our first nine months operating and average it out you can see that -- I think that’s our operating level and feel very, very comfortable about where we’re. So with that operator I would like to open it up to questions.
Paul Reilly: Remember what Tom said and Tom is the master of phrases and openings. So when recruiting close down we just wait for some of the big competitors to do something else stupid which does makes sense for them but sometimes the advisors don’t like what they do is the institutionalization of their business but banks tend to look at doing more products direct, relationships direct, we seem to get the benefit also. So I think there is an awful lot of people still because the merger activity is pretty fresh that grew up in firms like ours that don’t like that kind of operating environment that tend to become and I’m sure the big banks own firms from their strategy it makes sense because they are trying to institutionalize and maybe overtime they will get the advisors that fit their business and their business model but I think we will continue to be the beneficiaries for a fairly decent period of time here.
Paul Reilly: And the other thing is that if you look at our record year results ’09 and we were just kind of a haven. We were the firm out of the news and a terrible market, right? So this has been a very, very good market for advisors. So to get this kind of flow, most advisors don’t want to upset their business when it's doing very, very well. I think it's just showing that there are lot of people searching a platform like ours.
Paul Reilly: So my only add to that is that in looking at the new production we’re not really doing much new production at rates that would compress this what’s happening is even if the new production is at steady rates or steady spreads, the fact is that older loans are what are running off or are being refinanced. So you still have -- that's what is driving it down. It's not the new production coming out of lower and lower rates going forward.
Paul Reilly: So far we have been able to use loan growth offsetting NIM compression to keep earnings flat. We don’t know -- our production has been good.
Paul Reilly: Every time we give you guidance on loan growth, it goes the other way. So Steven -- going down. It's so hard to get visibility and we look credit by credit; so with that it's just -- I wish we could give you guidance but it's basically on the flow. If we like the loans we will participate. If we don’t, we don’t. So go ahead Steve.
Paul Reilly: But the trough is probably in between the last two quarters or maybe trending a little more towards the March quarter actually.
Paul Reilly: I think two areas, in the banking areas our flagship practices historically have been reach downstream energy because of the MLP business. Healthcare, bull markets and bioscience or industrial or stuff we don’t compete as much because those aren’t our strongest spots and we’re building out some space in consumer and others right now. So on the banking side when banking activity in our sectors do well we outperform and when they are in the other sectors we probably underperform the market just because that’s not our sweet spot and the same on M&A. I think our M&A backlog is good but you’re right on -- the headline numbers are very, very big or very big deals and they tend to hit the money centered banks and the very, very large M&A firms. So as those big deals headlines come or market share is going to be down because we don’t participate in those.
Paul Reilly: I would say there are few things happening and which is, we -- part of the acquisition strategy of Morgan-Keegan was that we had a good fixed income department -- we had a great fixed income department and I will tell you they are better than we thought. The inventory -- the reason we can get still good trading profits on our inventories because it just turns and that the profits are just little pieces of lots of transactions. They have a very good sales force. We don’t keep inventory long and all, we turn it rapidly and it's just a very, very good management and sure you know rates come in a little bit and we make more money because whatever we’re holding is more valuable but we do hedge a lot of the pieces of it. When hedges work without big movements in certain areas and so they continue to consistently perform and rates come in on some months it does better but they have consistently every month, the exception was last June, a year ago when everyone got it and everyone -- we did a lot less and traditionally carried bigger inventories than our competitors. They just do a good job of turning it, hedging it, moving it and it's been pretty consistent. It's been consistent for a number of quarters but that’s what I say we have an A franchise in a D market. I don’t see in the short term that changing much. Now if we get steep rise in rates that will probably hurt us.
Paul Reilly: And we just don’t like this gradual growth, and if it steep rises we can get a hurt a little bit inventory valuation but it's well managed and I think well hedged and they just do a good job.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say the acquisition areas we have highlighted are both asset management and M&A opportunities both in North America and Europe. I would say I’m more optimistic and I think it's a market where there are a lot of people in businesses that we like that are willing to talk but it's hard to handicap. We have a screen on culture and we have found people with the right culture but a lot of those cultures are independent and typically independent firms don’t trade. So it's a longer term process, so discussions are good and if we get the right firm who is willing to join us and join the team we will do something. If we can’t you know -- it is very lumpy. So I would say I’m more optimistic just because there is more activity and I’m more optimistic but I can’t give you any guidance or probability or timing.
Paul Reilly: Yes we don’t, with our FAs we let them choose the kind of business but I would say a lot of it is driven by the recruiting that we tend to -- a lot of the big teams that we recruit tend to be more fee based and it's interesting that before we got a $1 million team that was a big deal now, we are talking to $5 million and $6 million teams and a lot of those tend to be fee based businesses. So I think that’s driving a lot of the numbers. We see a lot of the more traditional Morgan-Keegan advisors also who are more transaction based slowly moving to little more fee based, that’s helped some in those numbers but I think a lot of it's driven by recruiting.
Paul Reilly: We say the full book is over a year so the first two quarters I think a good chunk of the book moves over. So a couple of quarters to get a bulk of it maybe a year to get them back up and running. So that’s not the lead time, so that should continue to drive results.
Paul Reilly: I think the results are driven partly kind of recruiting in the market but the truth is that the transaction level is down just like it is in fixed income and ECM over the (indiscernible). So if you look at the whole market transaction business is down, it was true in PCG. So the 1% growth was net so the fee based business was actually up and it was brought down by lower transactional business. So this environment I think our competitors that are more transactional based will have lower results just because the activity in the market is down and our model has been continues to perform in this environment.
Paul Reilly: If you look at the shifts, the shift has been two equities. We have had a pretty good shift to equity really over the last year. A lot of it is out of fixed income and as Jeff mentioned it's some out of cash. I think there is more activity because it's hard to tell in our numbers but I think cash is down, it's steeper or tighter earnings 1 or 0 bps wherever they were and I’m not sure all that money, part of the equity growth has been the market growth so the share changes. I think people are just putting using short term bond funds and other vehicles. I can’t prove it. The part money because I want more of a yield. So, I can’t tell how much -- there has certainly been some move to equities but I’m sure if it's dramatic as it looks and I’m not sure if the drop in cash is as dramatic as it looks. And this is the problem with -- anytime somebody fixes something in an environment and escapes the government and interest rates you get all sorts of behaviors that are hard to figure out. So the rate protection comes off and you see the market normalize. So a good question, but it's difficult to answer accurately.
Paul Reilly: Yes we hope so. First our guys work really hard, so we just turn the lights on. They work hard to generate that and work hard to keep the relationships and I think whereas the trough, we have thought so for a couple of quarters but it's going down a little bit. You know we get some really good days and then it flattens back out. So I think we’re at this run-rate level until something happens in the market. I don’t think it will deteriorate much from here. I think we’re probably at a trough level. I already hate to say that because something happens that you don’t anticipate but I think this has been a tough environment, they are doing good job and I think this is kind of the run-rate so if something happens in the commission.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well thanks very much. I think in summary we’re very pleased with the operating results of the quarter. I think it shows strong underlying businesses especially crowded [ph] dynamics in the private client group and I know that sometimes due to last year people said, well, where is the results? We’re kind of low steady long term producer and I think it's showing up in private client group and as the management, of course we’re subject to market fluctuations like anything but I think our model is strong. Hopefully we will get some rate movement which I think will help both -- will help all the capital markets business and activity flows but feel good about where we’re going. We’re well positioned and we will continue chugging along. So appreciate your time this morning and we will talk to you soon.
Steve Raney: We’re over 10 billion now. We’re actually over 12 billion and subject to all of the regulatory changes once we go over that 10 billion. So that’s really in effect now but we have I would say over the last few years added to compliance and audit and oversight, you being some of those regulatory changes but it's not a material difference at the bank. It's clearly inside our Raymond James Financial, we have had to add expenses being a bank holding company. We have added two risk management in that enterprise as well. So but really I would say in general a lot of those expenses are already kind of in our numbers over the last couple of years. In terms of net interest margins we continue to see some pressure on margins and as Paul indicated we’re not under any pressure to grow loans just for the sake of growing loans and we have been even more selective on credits particularly it's not meeting our return hurdle. That said as we provided our comments in the past I would expect some slight net interest margin compression to continue over the next few quarters. It was down a 9 basis points this last quarter. I would say the bulk of that is in our corporate lending area, most of the other areas there maybe some slight deterioration in net interest margin but it's primarily in our corporate lending and commercial real estate book. But frankly we’re just passing on deals where we don’t think that the net interest spread that we’re being offered is commensurate with the type of credit they were extending.
Steve Raney: I would mention, we shared a line item in our numbers, our supplemental information on the bank that I have mentioned to you in the past but we have gotten into the tax lending business. The net interest margins are actually on a tax equivalent basis, are actually a little bit higher but without the tax adjustment that will potentially have a negative impact on our net interest margin. That business is just under a $100 million and outstanding as of the end of June. So it's still relatively small but a growing part of the bank now.
Steve Raney: We have been provided some guidance I would say maybe over the course of next couple of quarters, maybe another 15 to 20 basis points.
Steve Raney: Yes it's interesting. They are embedded in the net interest margin, it's fee recognition. The March quarter for example we had an exponentially high fee recognition quarter where loans were paying off where we had unamortized fees that we took into income that actually kind of artificially inflated net interest margin in the March quarter relative to the June quarter. So that can contribute a couple of basis points. But as Jeff said I think -- you kind of bottoming it out 270 or maybe even little bit higher than that is probably a reasonable number for us to expect over the next few quarters.
Steve Raney: I was -- up that we diversified the business over the last few years. As you know we are doing business in Canada. That business is growing actually a little bit more rapidly than our U.S. business. I mentioned the tax exempt business, the business that we weren’t in six months ago that we’re now in. We do some project finance infrastructure type lending. Obviously we have got a commercial real estate business as well that we have selectively grown. So we have got a lot of different businesses and obviously a lot of different industries inside of our peer commercial and industrial portfolio, energy, healthcare, technology, consumer, a variety of different industry. So in those businesses they don’t all run the same and they are -- some of them are counter cyclical with each other and we have been able to pick and choose across this broad spectrum. We have been able to grow the C&I book, we have got the tax exempt business now growing. Growing our residential business and our securities based lending business will go through a $1 billion and outstanding this quarter. So we have got a lot of different businesses that can contribute to being able to selectively grow. As you saw we grew loans 3% this last quarter. I think that growth in the 2% to 3% range per quarter is an achievable number given that all of our businesses that we’re in. But as Paul mentioned if -- in one or two quarters if there not enough deal flow that we liked, it's in our sweet spot from a credit selection standpoint then we can run flat or shrink the bank potentially.
Steve Raney: The unfunded -- that was a big number, it was almost $4 million change right there in terms of our unfunded commitments. We have a reserve for unfunded commitments, the unfunded portion of lines of credit. We have a credit size loan that actually we exited in the June quarter so in effect released unfunded reserves that had a material impact to that line item. So our true expense run-rate is relatively stable. There is no seasonality to it.
Steven Chubak: So Steve, I think I’m not ready to let you off the hook just yet. I do have a follow-up question on expectations from loan growth and what I’m trying to do is reconcile -- some of the comments you had made in actually the last monthly metrics release highlighting a reduced level of -- or increased risk aversion within the commercial or C&I space given the deals that were coming across and I wanted to -- I just wanted to understand what our expectation should be for loan growth particularly within that channel going forward and maybe if you can give some context on the other channels as well, that will be really helpful.
Steven Chubak: Okay. Then moving over to the expense side of the bank. It's a follow-up to one of Chris’s question’s. If excluding the provision we actually saw the core expense come down – it's pretty meaningfully to 24 million versus 28 million last quarter and I just want to get a sense as to whether there is an seasonality that’s driving that decline and it seems as though you have already invested in terms of regulatory and compliance or have made the necessary investment. So how should we think about that expense run-rate going forward from a modeling perspective.
Steven Chubak: And I guess switching gears and moving over the investment banking side. the business that show growth in the quarter, the pace of growth has wide [ph] some of the results that we have seen at your bulge bracket [ph] peer and looking at the M&A business specifically and maybe taking Paul’s comment and constructive comments I should say on the M&A backlog into consideration here. It does appear as though that the recent M&A surge has been concentrated in larger deals and I wanted to see if this is potentially limiting your participation in the recovery that we’re seeing.
Steven Chubak: And then just one final one from me on the trading profits line. I suppose given the subdued volatility we have seen in fixed income markets, the revenue stream there has actually been quite resilient and I argue it's really back to trend that we have seen at some of your larger peers and I was hoping you could explain the factors that are driving that resilience. I would have expected that higher volatility backdrop would in fact be better for that business but we have also seen some favorable inventory marks particularly in the month of June and want to get a better sense of -- maybe whether that provides some incremental support.
