Brian Fetterolf: Yes, thanks. Thanks, Jim. Tough to follow that last statement there. But yes, I would agree with Jim’s characterization that we’re looking forward very optimistically. We are in – we’ve – as Jim mentioned, we’ve built it over 15 years, you can look at the last two years in particular to see the diversification of that growth. Treasury management, obviously, as we pointed out is doubled in the last year. And that’s just one segment, but obviously service-based deposits being a key piece of our forward strategy relationship deposits being the broadest piece. And as Jim indicated, the people that we’ve brought in have those key relationships and getting keep in mind that this is a national deposit gathering capability. So we think that provides us a huge scale. But we’re super focused right now on being there meaningfully for existing clients to grow with them. And we are seeing our existing clients grow and attracting new clients as well. And with the technology investments we’re making, again, we look at this as very timeless technology investments. The obsolescence is low, which allows us to continue to build better and better stuff, service capabilities, and products for clients. We’re attracting new clients at the fastest rate we ever had. But to your point, we are building for two years from now in our deposit pipeline and portfolio.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, this is Brian. Hey, Danny. We – I would say, I mean, obviously, year-over-year, our third and fourth quarters last year were pretty impressive quarters as well. So we’ll probably look at it from an average balance perspective and the spot. But overall, we remain optimistic on the second half that the second quarter and the fourth quarter more seasonal, historically those have been sort of our strongest quarters. So we’re not surprised the second quarter performs so well. But we – I think we indicated even in the last quarter that we would expect to be at the higher end of that 15% to 20% range. And that looks like that’s where we’re going to be able to pull through. We continue to be optimistic on the private bank side. We’re seeing sort of very strong market acceptance and sort of our distribution then our internal client engagement efforts continue to grow that. So we don’t see any slow down there in the commercial side. We think we’ll pick up a bit as we indicated between the supply chain loosening on the equipment finance and some fund finance aspects. So still think 15% to 20% is a right place to direct us, but at the top end of that would be the right place.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes. I mean, if you look at our again rate of growth expectations or our goals for the commercial side, probably slightly lower than we've had in past years, so that a 12% growth rate is probably optimistic for a lot of people. It's probably at middle of the road for us. So, I'm pleased, but not satisfied with that just from a point of perspective. But yes, the first half of the year we're continuing to see good production on the commercial real estate side. I mean, I would say that we've actually seen a little bit from an unanticipated, idiosyncratic payoff perspective on commercial real estate, where some of our clients not looking to sell were offered some pretty significant opportunities. So, we've lost our balance in the short term, but those are clients that, we work with very significantly and we see them redeploying that that capital into new opportunities. So, we'll be there with them to grow that piece back. But overall, the commercial real estate, we are confident in our ability to continue to grow that a positive sense with our clients. And then the fund finance if we look at it, we're only about $200 million borrowed against about $600 million in commitments. So, we see a significant opportunity for that to pick up in the second half of the year. So, we continue to grow that business very nicely and we like who we're working with, but we see more opportunities and just timing of where they are going to put capital to work in the second half. So that will be positive. And then as we indicated, second half is usually better for equipment finance anyway. But the supply chains ease and things of that nature, deals that we've already won that we'll fund in the third and fourth quarter that will be positive. So those are the fundamental aspects. I mean, nothing really – I think we're – nothing exceptional, pretty consistent, themes that we've had in – over the year just coming to play in the second half of the year. But overall, we're very optimistic about how our clients and prospects are performing. Again, if you look at our, I mean, we obviously provide a deferral activity, but we're – as of today, we'll be down – we're down to two loans that are still in a deferral program of less than $20 million. So again, the way that our clients have managed through this and are growing actually, through the 2021, 2022 timeframe is very strong. So, we're optimistic about our ability to grow with our existing clients, as well as attract new ones.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, I'll just add, we're – I think, both Jim and David summed it up well. We're excited about where we're going. We've continued to – we took about a four-week hiatus last year, just to see where things would sort of level out in the second quarter. But absent that for four weeks we've continued to invest in the business, understanding where the opportunities are. Again, as we sit here around the table, we are as optimistic as we ever have been in all the lines of the business thing. Jim summed it up earlier. We couldn't be more happy with what we're showing here and this makes sense to keep investing in this and staying ahead of it. And we’re rewarding not only, paying off growth, rewarding investors and rewarding our clients for continuing to grow with us.
Brian Fetterolf: So Matt, we just followed the dot plot, right. And so, the dot plot would suggest there's two raises sometime in 2023. But as I just look at our forecast for the next two years, which obviously is very preliminary, we see modest expansion throughout that period. So, we're not tied to the ten-year, we're tied to short rates as you point out. But between deposit cost moderation, things that we're studying in terms of sort of fixing rates for a longer period of time, and just the ability to deploy the liquidity quickly into income producing assets, we see a modest expansion through next two years.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes. So, if you look at overall, I mean, we talked about it in the release, we talked about 60% of what it would be 60% of non-time interest bearing deposits are linked to EFF or some equivalent index. So, if we look at overall it's about – it comes out to about 21% of total deposits, that would be indexed in that way. So, moderating that pretty significantly at one point we are probably more than that 45% range. So, we think again, a good diversification across the deposit portfolio. I mean, we still like that from a pricing perspective and it's building – it's a source of a lot of sophisticated relationships with us who we have the private bank relationships with and other lending aspects. So, we're happy with that. That component of the portfolio, but it's a good measure of where we continue to diversify the deposit base and the pricing base.
Brian Fetterolf: Yes, I think, I would add Matt, Tim used the statement what our primary job is or our mission is. And so, we saw it as obviously having raised $200 million in a pretty rapid time period in 2020, again, taking the moment in time to realize that we were going to have some pretty significant growth opportunities which we would consider better than the market or better than the industry. And we knew that we needed to take that time to invest so we can be there for those opportunities. So, we're certainly bringing those to bear. And we viewed it as part of our job on a risk-adjusted basis, responsible growth basis to deploy that capital as quickly as possible to basically cover the lag on capital raises. So, we're very happy with where we've done it. If you look at the asset growth relative to, for example, the loan-to-deposit ratio is 91% is clearly reflective of our ability to raise deposits and deploy that into other assets. Those assets – that asset mix could give us some flexibility as well. It is how we look at funding the loans at any particular time. And we've talked about it before, from an investment perspective, staying very high quality in relatively short duration. So again, our goal is to be as agile as possible between funding, and capital, and asset and balance sheet management. So, we have some flexibility in there as David pointed out, timing, but certainly being opportunistic, we have some historic opportunities to – ahead on the growth side, probably the capital, if we wanted to pursue that in the sub debt space and otherwise just to manage our balance sheet.
David Demas: No, Danny. We still believe that, as we’ve long said, we’re more focused on net interest income growth through sort of reasonable and risk manage growth in loans and investments, building durable relationships and matching liquidity with the needs as we built the franchise. We were pleased that we were able to expand NIM in the quarter and we see that expansion continuing for the rest of the year. It’ll primarily be driven by deposit cost reductions, as we manage deposit balances in line with the opportunities for deploying that liquidity. We believe that we’ll be able to achieve further cost reductions in that category as we continue to grow deposits. And as we’ve shared with you at the beginning of the year, we would again expect that the NIM will be somewhere in the mid to high 160s by year end.
David Demas: Matt, good morning. We certainly talk about that regularly. It’s something we’re looking at evaluating, but we’ve not done anything at scale yet. We continue to be quite pleased with the treasury management growth. Those balances are 20% of our total deposits now, which we just started that business four or five years ago. So we’ll certainly continue to look at that in an effort to drive total return to the shareholder. And what they do with any strategy we employ on a go forward basis.
David Demas: Yes, Russell, let me just add some color commentary to that. So, year-over-year we've grown a revenue at 16%, the balance sheet has grown at 26% and expenses, as you note, are growing at about 14.5%. This supports our overall goal of positive, operating leverage. Importantly, the overall efficiency ratio for the bank has slightly improved when comparing the year-to-date results over the prior year as has the non-interest expense to average asset ratio. Efficiency ratio stands at 51% year-to-date and non-interest expense is about 1.26%. Our ROE, our return on equity, has steadily and substantially improved in each of the last four quarters, now stands at 10.37% on a spot basis as of the most recent quarter, as we put the capital that we've raised in two different raises last year to work. We believe we can continue to drive ROE improvements in the quarters ahead. What this tells us is that the investments we're making that Jim pointed out are driving better execution and making our business more efficient and effective. It tells us that we're making good investments. Let me give you some color on the primary drivers of expense growth. One is people, compensation cost is up 20% year-over-year; and technology and data services is up 44% year-over-year. The growth rate on these two expenses should moderate somewhat in the second half of the year. Hiring was minimized the last year, second quarter in light of the early stages of the pandemic. Whereas this year we have front-loaded that hiring and to the beginning of the year, coupled with strong financial results driving incentive accrual increases. But that hiring pace moderate somewhat in the second half.  In the area of technology and data, we delayed our innovation and development spend through the second quarter of 2020, again in light of the pandemic, but began implementing a more robust development in the second half of last year and that continues into 2021. For technology and data, on a full year basis, I would say the year-over-year comparison should be somewhere in the low to mid 20% range down from 44% what you're seeing right now. Other expenses, is also something that grew very modestly in the quarter it was driven by growth. Growth on our unfunded loan commitments, that expense is categorized differently than the funded, on balance sheet loans through the reserves in the income statement. So just simply a function of growth. We still intend to drive positive operating leverage, growing revenue faster than our expenses. And we are driving to keep expense growth to 12% year-over-year. We've got work to do to get there, but we will not sacrifice our long-term objectives and we'll continue to focus on serving our clients well.
David Demas: I think from a cost of deposits perspective, yes, the one thing that's not modeled in there is, again, from a client perspective, our goal is to work with, every product that they would need and our goal is to own their entire relationship. So, we have a blend of non-interest-bearing and interest-bearing deposits with them. But if you look at the service side of the business and you look at like our treasury management business, I think, we've talked about it before, in a normalized rate environment our goal is to run that business on the rate side at a LIBOR equivalent of minus 100 basis points. So, LIBOR, whatever index you want to pick less 100 basis points. So, if you think about here, we're obviously there is no LIBOR minus 100. So, we think that there's a lot of protection built into the existing business, which is a natural hedge which is obviously the way we built it. And then obviously, as you talked before, with opportunities for us to build in term deposits and some other things we get closer. But that breakeven point is pretty important as you know. So, absent our real client demands were probably a little early in that process. But again, a lot of natural hedges built into the business that maybe weren't as robust in the 2018 timeframe.
Jim Getz: It might be a good place that to add real quickly, just from a tenure perspectives. Certainly it’s a metric that we watch, but we think that, again, if you roll it over to the swap revenue opportunity, we’ve demonstrated we can work with the swap market in all markets and all rate curves, flat steepening and inverted. But we’re pretty happy with where the tenure is right now. It gives us a lot of opportunities. Our clients are super engaged at these levels. So, we think that we in some respects, the stock sometimes trades obviously with the industry and around the tenure because of everybody’s exposure to that. We would say we have more opportunities in that kind of environment. So obviously that’s separate from the NIM question. But from a revenue perspective, we’re happy where we are and obviously is good for Chartwell as well.
Jim Getz: I think I would just add to that. Obviously, we look at the deposit portfolio as an opportunity. I mean, it’s obviously a way to fund the lending part of our business, but again, just take a brief outtake for relationship building right. And so some of our time deposits might be what clients are expecting. Some of that will be what we want, what we’d like to do. So it’s a bit of – at this point, it’s a market where our clients are not requesting that. So that puts us in a spot where we get to design the product mix. And at this point, as David mentioned, we’re – and we think we have the right product mix at this point. But we’re watching it consistently and putting our own forecast together on what we think would happen and what it would make sense.
Jim Getz: Yes. Great. Yes. It’s less than two. So there’s a bit of a difference on the floor levels across the different loan product types. But in two fed rate moves, we would be through the floors on average fundamentally. So it’s been a significant contributor to the business over the last 12 months. But as we continue to adapt a new loan originations and how we’re approaching spreads and floors going forward, it would be about two rate moves if you look at the whole loan portfolio.
Jim Getz: Yes. Great. So yes, we’ll – we continue to grow into the mid-60s from a portfolio composition perspective. I mean, as you’re seeing when we say, 15% to 20%, we’re talking about the private bank, obviously a larger base and then growing at not quite double, but a premium, a multiple of the commercial side. So that will continue to grow. I think this second quarter is probably a bit – probably a bigger difference between the rates of growth. I think the third quarter will probably be a bit more reflective. But I think what we were talking about the commercial side grown 12% and the private bank were in 25% so [indiscernible] the 10 to 12.
Jim Getz: Yes. So I think from our guidance perspective from last time, we were, on our – I think we were probably still in the same place. Our CRE loans from a yield perspective is sort of that 3% to 3.75% range, C&I loans sort of the 2.5% to 3.25% range and private bank loans probably a 2% to 3% range. So those are from a yield perspective where we are seeing things come in now.
Jim Getz: Thank you very much for your continued interest in TriState Capital and your participation today. We certainly look forward to updating you on the third quarter results in October. Have a great day.
Matt Olney: Thanks. Good morning. I want to go back to the discussion around deposits. And as you mentioned that the banks made tremendous progress, lowering deposit cost, and really growing the treasury management business. And I expect we’ll see more of the benefits of that with higher rates. But I guess, given the floating rate nature of TriState assets, I’m curious what the appetite is at this point to start considering locking in some longer term of funding on the liability side? Thanks.
Matt Olney: Okay. That’s helpful. And then any update on the loan floors. I think the press release mentioned that 94% of the loans are floating and indexes 30 days just remind us how active the floors are currently and any commentary you can provide on how many fed fund hikes we’d have to see to get above those floors? Thanks.
Matt Olney: Yes, thanks for taking the follow-up. I guess as I speak with investors, it seems like the market is very concerned about TriState's impact to higher short-term rates. And we touched earlier about the floors that could be a potential headwind for at least the first few rate hikes. But I guess taking a step back, I'm curious what you'd expect from the bank’s net interest margin on the first few rate hikes? I guess if I look at the 10-Q disclosures around the shock analysis, my assumption is, is that the bank does expect an initial downward move in the margin with the first few rate hikes, but we'd love to hear any commentary you can add to that.
Matt Olney: Okay. That's great Brian, thanks for that. And then, I guess, the last question is around capital. And I'm looking at the leverage ratio at the bank. And I think we're now, I call it, 7.34%. And I think we saw the capital raise last year when we got down to that 7% level. So, we'll love to hear any thoughts you have on addressing the capital needs of the bank, especially given the strong outlook for loan growth from here.
