Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, this is Jeff Julien. Before Paul jumps on here, I'd just like to make one further statement. In this press release, and throughout our conversation here, we mention some non-GAAP results. We have, in the full text of the press release, done a reconciliation of the GAAP to non-GAAP results. For those of you don't have the full press release, it's available either through EDGAR on the 8-K we filed or on our own corporate website, so you can see that reconciliation if you'd like.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think another factor is that prior to this transaction, the Morgan Keegan offices really weren't in a recruiting mode at all. And they certainly now have the ability to recruit to the future Raymond James platform, so they're in some areas where we haven't even been geographically. So that has expanded our universe of recruiters, so to speak.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But there just -- there seems to be more movement, whether it's for check or for dissatisfaction. There just seems to be more movement out there right now than there has been the last year or so.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have some natural attrition actually on the -- from the back office side of Morgan Keegan, but our goal is to keep most of that in place. We will have some trimming, but our focus is to get the systems integrated. So I think you're really looking not for big numbers in this fiscal year, but really into next fiscal year, where you'll see more of that.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Including people costs and systems costs and et cetera, et cetera that we expect, but that's upon full integration. I mean, we didn't -- we haven't quantified the comp associated with the relevant severance at this particular point, but it's also scattered throughout all the segments, predominantly Capital Markets, but some in other areas like ops and IT.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's upon full integration, that's when we finish integrating the Private Client Group early next calendar year.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Where -- it depends on a whole bunch of things, what the markets going to do, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera. But I think that the preceding quarter, which I know you referenced in your comments, wasn't a bad measure. If we could add all those and maybe improve a little bit on that. It also depends which businesses become dominant because our businesses have very different margins. But we certainly expect margin, we expect -- have expected margin improvement from adding the scale of Morgan Keegan once the businesses are fully integrated, particularly because they have such an emphasis in the fixed income space, which is a higher margin business than some of the businesses that dominate in our P&L like the Private Client Group.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We said that the majority of the accretion will be realized starting in fiscal '14, and that's still the case because that'll be the first full fiscal year that the full integration is completed.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Well, the majority of the revenues were related to that one -- the vast majority was related to that one company that was revalued that I mentioned in the merchant banking space. We have a very small TP interest in that and we have about a 13% or 15% limited partnership interest in that. But the rest, all would be in the noncontrolling interest category. There are other revaluations as well. There's a company we own 100% of that was revalued negatively for the quarter. And then, this is also the quarter, as somebody mentioned in their comments, that we get the audited statements from all the outside venture capital funds that we have investments in, primarily for investment banking relationship purposes, not a lot of money in them, but at least we do have that investment. And those are all revalued based on their audited statements, which added a little over $1 million write-up from those. So the net-net of all those things turned out to not be a very big number to the pretax line relative to the revenues.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. We have been guiding people to 3.40% to 3.50% roughly, Alex, and just based on the portfolio that's in place.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You can -- in any given quarter though, you can have some loan payoffs the way we recognize a bunch of fees that do get into this line item that distort. And on the other hand, we can have excessive amounts of cash that depress the rate.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And there's going to be some real estate cost savings as well as we combine some of the institutional offices in the big cities, as we've done already in New York and other places that once we get those offices combined and either sublease or take a charge or whatever we do for the space that we've abandoned. Yes, there'll be ongoing occupancy expense savings there.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: As I mentioned in my comments, equity capital markets was roughly flat quarter-to-quarter. We had some added business with some of the Morgan Keegan units that covered areas we didn't cover. But in any given quarter you've got, within that segment, you've got a mixture of M&A, new issue, business and over-the-desk secondary commissions. And the secondary commissions business has been really tough business. The overall pie has shrunk somewhat going forward here, so now -- and then M&A is lumpy as you know, so -- and as -- but for us, with the added horsepower from some of the Morgan Keegan units, we ended up staying flat quarter-to-quarter. Fixed income, which is one of the strengths that they brought to the table here obviously had a significant increase in revenues, virtually all the increase in the segment was related to the Fixed Income business that they brought to the table, but there were redundancies, et cetera, in that area as well that -- such as a municipal fixed income business and things like that. So you don't necessarily see all the benefits of those synergies in this first quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If you look at the overall margin in that business for the quarter of under 11%, that is substandard to what we would expect on a go forward basis. And the revenues -- I don't see why they would -- this was not a blowout good revenue quarter, so I don't see that, that -- that there's certainly some room for upside in the -- on the revenue side as well. But the margin isn't where it needs to be yet.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Some of it is, in the areas where we've let people go such as Equity Capital Markets and places like that where we've actually have started to rightsize the business.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Equity Capital Markets isn't made up of all producers. There are a lot of financial analysts and research analysts and other people that don't necessarily have revenue tied to them that we would put in that expense savings category.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We do, well, we don't do much -- we do municipal debt underwriting, we don't do -- we're not really into corporate debt underwriting in any meaningful way.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's about $17 million, $18 million M&A. At $23 million plus $5 million, so $28 million in what you'd call traditional underwriting business, new issue business. About $16 million in public finance debt, and then there's about $8 million in our -- in that line item related to our tax credit fund origination business.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have said in the past, Steve, that in a really good market environment that if we got on our mix of contractors, employees including the operations we have in Canada, and the U.K., et cetera, when all that is blended together, we got to 12%, that would be like a good next step.
Paul C. Reilly: I don't have the exact statistics, Hugh, but we are -- visits are way up as opposed to last year, and especially in the employee side. And I think the -- I know what was reported by our guys yesterday, but I don't have the numbers in front of me to quote it, so I'm not going to. But it's driven really by, I think, a number -- a couple of the wire houses where retentions worn off, people didn't like how they transitioned to them. And the interesting thing is they're very large advisors, typically multimillion dollar kind of advisers or teams. So it's -- home office visits are only step one, but I had some concern that the combination would make people wonder a little bit about what the environment is going to be like. And I actually think it had the reverse effect, where people realized that we're becoming a stronger and stronger player, and so we're -- those visits are up.
Paul C. Reilly: That's a tale of 2 cities there. There are certainly companies that are writing bigger checks than we are. There always has been. We've never been the top kind of retention payer. And the people we get are the people that believe that longer term, not only are they going to, through their earnings, do well here over time, but want to be in an environment that's ours. So we do lose some people to the bigger check, and we get a lot of people who want the environment. And once they're here, I can't tell you how many times people say, "I wish I had done this 10 years ago." So we'll lose people to the check, we will. Some people have to recapitalize or they'll get seduced by the size of the checks, which can be pretty big, and there are still people in the market doing that. So I think you're going to see both, but we're not going to do on that economic deals, and we continue to kind of hold our ground.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think that in the Equity Capital Markets side, we didn't assume a lot of synergy on sales and trading outside of the areas where we picked up coverage, we didn't have it before. So we had big overlap there, almost 85% of the names. So even in our own model, we didn't assume a big revenue synergy or really any revenue synergy on the commission side that we felt that we got some good bankers and we've got some good analysts, and that would help, but there certainly was overlap. And we kind of took most of that revenue out of our model. Clients responded very positively. I think they like the combined platform. They liked the parent because they know who we are, and a lot of those clients were the same, both in the Fixed Income and Equity Capital Markets side.
Paul C. Reilly: I don't think we've quantified the severance. I don't think we've quantified actually, the savings but we think they're -- from today's run rate, what do we say on the beginning of the...
Paul C. Reilly: The numbers that we kind of put out as benchmarks were $20 million to $25 million operational costs savings and the rest were in severance and people costs, in the operating businesses, so we have no reason to believe those are a lot different. And again, it depends on revenue and how the business is doing. So again, our focus has been, we can bring costs down now. And I think a lot of companies would have done that. And it's not that we're oblivious to costs or we don't watch them very closely, we do. But we're running 2 broker dealers with 2 services and we want to keep service levels high, client service high. And we're confident we'll get to the costs. So as we said when we announced this is that people have to be a little patient. We'll get to them, but we're going to make sure the integration happens first. That hasn't changed a bit.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, we've talked about some of these things pre-merger. I guess you -- maybe you weren't covering us then, Alex, maybe. The Morgan Keegan, we have had retention to high 90s percent of those who we made retention offers to, but that was about 560 FAs in the Morgan Keegan system. Obviously, some 400 or so in addition have stayed with us that were at production levels below that, and some may have gone on to other places. But the retention rate of those that we wanted is extraordinarily high. In terms of average production, when we -- prior to the acquisition, we had quantified their average production the same way be calculate it and they were 12% lower than RJA, which we kind of view this somewhat as an opportunity as we presented them with a little more complete suite of products and services that they could expand their practice. And we haven't -- that gap will have to work the close, but we're putting a number of our products on their platform right now, but we're not going to be able to really move heavily against that number until they're on the same operating -- on the back-office platform. So we are introducing process -- products, asset management products, other things, research to them, giving them tools, but we won't get the full benefit and allow that to migrate significantly until we get them on our operating.
Paul C. Reilly: I think as people looked through, and I understand the questions too, I want to remind people on our kind of our approach to integration cost. A lot of firms would put in retention as an integration cost, we don't. We have a significant increase in overtime from our ops and technology groups, and it's all to support the integration, we expense it all. We only -- our capital -- we're only putting in that category direct identifiable contracts. So if we hire a consultant to help us, an IT consulting company to help us with the transfer, we charge it. If we'd do it, something for Raymond James so that we can free people to work on it, we don't put it in that category. So we're going to run cost heavy during this process until we get the integration because we're not trying to throw everything in there. We're only using a very, I think, conservative direct allocation of cost, and we're going to continue -- that's just been our nature.
Paul C. Reilly: And we are definitely -- if you just look up the overtime report, I just looked at it. We're -- I mean, our costs are up to support this integration, to get through it and get systems combined, and they will be for a little bit and -- but we'll get them in line.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, $60 million to $80 million on the prerelease was our determination of cost savings for the back office and...
Paul C. Reilly: And people and system, and in people, right? All this other stuff that we're carrying, overtime and things like that will go away. Now the $60 million to $80 million is a much big number overtime. But I'm just giving you an example of costs that we are incurring during this integration that we will continue to until the systems are. We're -- we want to make sure that people are supported. Our people are also integrating the Morgan Keegan people, also report to people at Raymond James, and they're streaming those systems and spending a lot of time. So there is a lot of effort during the integration and cost the we are incurring. And I'm sure I don't know what the plane travel is between here and Memphis, but Delta likes us, during this integration time. And we're going to -- we're just going to run heavy for a little bit to our traditional numbers. And I think if you had seen a flat S&P versus one down 3.3% in the quarter, you would've seen, my guess is a little bit of accretion. The market was down a little bit. I think we did well, and the costs are the costs, so -- but don't think we're ignoring them, we're just sticking to our plan.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, I mean, I think that the margins were actually relatively stable, but actually I think down just slightly if I'm not mistaken.
Paul C. Reilly: And I guess the full realization at Canada for the quarter, right? So what we're seeing right now on the new business has been relatively stable, but we do continue to have some resets in our mortgage portfolio from the fixed rate period to the adjusted period. So we're seeing some reduction in our mortgage portfolio in terms of margins. That's been a profitable business for us for the last 18 months though, the new business, in terms of the loans that we are selling to Fannie Mae, the margins have been good in that business. You don't see that in the net interest margin, but you see that in our bottom line. Our commercial business, I would say, over the last couple of quarters has been relatively stable. We had enjoyed a period of wider margins, we saw compression, but I would say over the last couple of quarters has been relatively stable. We're very selective. There's kind of a sweet spot that we play in. There's obviously credits that are below our return objectives, and then there are riskier credits at much wider spreads that we could plan, but we have stayed away from that. So I think that in terms of providing you some guidance going forward, our margin should be relatively stable within 10 basis points of what the run rate has been in the last couple of quarters.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, you got things going couple of ways. You'll see some incremental savings like when we did the rightsizing of the fixed income that was mid quarter, so some of that comp adjustment will get through. And again, the size of the operation there -- has gotten somewhat smaller, but most of it you're going to see after the system integration, after we get both systems combined and we could combine back offices is when we're going to be able to execute on that. So those savings, we're pretty comfortable about getting out of the business. And as you know, we also have extra costs. We have the interest costs on our bonds and we have amortization expense that'll come through on RSUs and things like that. But in terms of getting the hard dollar cost out of the business, we will. But I think we have to look -- once we move the system over, and have it complete, stable and running, we'll get a lot of those costs out.
Paul C. Reilly: That's so hard to say because the Equity Capital Markets pick up and strong equity markets and fixed income historically tends to go down and vice versa. So I would say that neither of those businesses -- certainly, equity Capital Markets wasn't firing on half its cylinders, but fixed income did okay. I mean, it was not a great quarter, not a bad quarter. We're very happy with the sales folks, the throughput, the inventory turn, the inventory management. All the things we thought we are acquiring in Morgan Keegan, we did. We have very good people. So it's a good business. Quarter was down trading profit wise, as we've explained, as treasuries came in, cost of some trading profits net, but it's a good business. So if the market gets really volatile and bad, I mean, the fixed income business will probably do really well if...
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think investor's sentiment certainly is -- if we look at our own index, the number of people thinking the economy is going to get better went down fairly dramatically. I think you had Facebook, you had the equity capital markets in Europe, I think as people see the election now, you can't feel too great. I'm not sure about anything. So the investor's sentiment is negative, but if you look at the movement, a lot of it's been from international and to domestic, we haven't seen a big flight in our system out of equities. There's certainly some high historic cash balances in fixed income. So I think we haven't seen the investors kind of abandon the markets, but they're all cautious. And they're going to stay cautious until they get other signs, so that hasn't changed really.
Paul C. Reilly: And in the Fixed Income, where we went through that reduction mid-quarter, part of that payroll will be through, but part of that revenue is through too. Some of that is a loss of revenue. We do get to keep a lot of the accounts, but some of it is...
Paul C. Reilly: We'll get the costs out. And if the markets got really tough, we would move on costs a little quicker just as you would in any business. But right now, the focus is getting a good, smooth transition, and it's been excellent. So the numbers are there, I just think it's going to -- we got to get to them.
Paul C. Reilly: And I just want to say you've tracked us for a long time and we tend to be conservative, we do not think that the credit quality has deteriorated at all this quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: We are very methodically still looking for a large cap manager, either a firm or a lift out. We have been talking to people. It's a very entrepreneurial business, so often people get interested and cold feet and interested and cold -- it's a cycle. And we still want to do that. We're focused on doing it. We continue to meet with people. And if we can strike the right deal with a manager we like that fits into our culture, we will. And those efforts are ongoing. So we haven't lost the focus on it even during this integration, but we don't have anything to announce.
Paul C. Reilly: We -- our policy has not changed at all. I do think that depending on where we are in a credit or economic cycle, we look at it and make decisions. Right now, we like our liquidity and our position and have no real need -- interest to buy back stock. We're staying very liquid through this period of time. Who knows where the economy is going to go. And so we've announced no buyback plans, but our philosophy hasn't changed. In '08 and '09, we had a lot of opportunity, but we didn't buy back because given the liquidity in the markets, we didn't use our capital. So it's all situational, the philosophy is intact.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes, we've actually hired more recruiters. We're focused on it. We've never abandoned the independent channel. I think that some of our competitors, numbers wise, have done better, but we kind of have producer minimums. We're not in the technology roll-up or product sales game. So our focus has been on the high-end producers. We want to add advisers that meet some certain size and quality. So we're still in it, we're still recruiting, we've combined our recruiting efforts actually to try get a more focused penetration, but we have not given up on the independent channel. I think what you see is in great equity capital markets, the independent channel gets very popular with people. In these markets, people become a little more conservative. So it's a little more safe environment, but they're both -- we're recruiting in both, just the -- as a percentage, the employee side has just been busier recently, but we're still focused on both.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you, Brooke. Just to say, I appreciate the complexity for those who have been following us a long time and the couple that have initiated coverage. This is an unusual quarter in terms of numbers moving around. But we gave you initial guidance on what we thought this could do for us. We also said we thought it could be accretive, it would be more accretive than a positive market. The first quarter was a little more positive, so we got a little running room, but this last quarter certainly wasn't, the first quarter, the combination. So we're sticking to our strategy of just focusing on revenue retention, which I think we've been very successful at, and we don't take for granted that it's over. The integration is going according to plan. The cost savings, as we gave original guidance, we think are there, but we said we would take them later, not earlier, and we're still focused on that. So, so far, so good. We have a lot of work to do and appreciate your questions. And I think when we look back on this, if we continue this -- if we're able to continue executing as we have been, we'll look back a year to 2 from now and say this was great combination, but that's all up to the execution and retention. So thanks for your time.
Steven M. Raney: Hugh, it's Steve Raney. During the course of every quarter, we probably have 25 to 30 loans that are being upgraded, downgraded based on their operating performance, loans where we're adding to, and in some cases loans that we're not participating and the refinancer being repaid obviously, so there's a lot of activity that goes on. This quarter, what contributed significantly to that increase in criticized assets was the result of the Shared National Credit exam. We actually thought that the results turned out very favorable, and when I say that, there were no directed charge-offs, there were no loans that were put on nonaccrual as a result of that. However, there were about 5 loans that were -- went from pass rating to criticized via the Shared National Credit exam that contributed to the increasing criticized loans. There was not an increase in -- actually a reduction in nonaccruals and in OREO and more problematic asset categories, but we did have an increase in criticized loans via the Shared National Credit exam. And we already discussed the provision expense impact that was -- that came as a result of that.
Steven M. Raney: Yes. I mean, you were trying to manage a loan -- the loan portfolio growth in the 7% to 8% range kind of out for the -- on an annualized basis for the next few years. It can be lumpier than that. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter this last quarter. That would translate to loan growth kind of in the $150 million to $200 million per quarter looking out over the next few quarters. The reality is it will, once again, it will be lumpier than that. We may have some quarters that will be short of that and some other quarters that may be higher. I would mention that we did close last week on the purchase of the securities-based loans from Regions Bank that were secured with the Morgan Keegan brokerage accounts, that was $185 million. So that purchase did close. We're now around $300 million in securities-based loans. So that's a category and a product that we're actively growing and working very closely with our Private Client Group financial advisers on.
Steven M. Raney: Its relatively small right now in terms of our overall loan portfolio. The securities-based loans that we're making have a margin of around 300 basis points, so it reduces our margin but it's a very low-risk asset. Once again, it's small, the impact of that is small right now.
Steven M. Raney: I guess, like I was just -- going back to my comment, we move loans every quarter up and down, and so -- and I know that each -- last 4 or 5 years, we've had some impact from the Shared National Credit exam. We have 360 borrowers, the vast majority of them are subject to the Shared National Credit exam. So it's been a relatively small number of loans that the Shared National Credit exam were different than how we had things rated. That said, I think the regulators are taking a harsh look at anything that has any leverage to it, even if the cash flows are very strong and the operations and even a growth may be there. Anything that has some leverage to it, even if there's plenty of liquidity and access to capital, they're -- in some cases, once again this is somewhat isolated, moved a loan to a criticized status. Once again, in every situation that impacted this in terms of our provision expense, we feel comfortable with the credits that we're in. And actually, it's kind of funny, a couple of them have announced -- one of them has a planned offering to raise more equity, and another company is refinancing entirely and will probably exit the credit. So none of these were moved to a status that -- where we felt like there was an accrual issue or anything along those lines. So we feel actually pretty comfortable with those downgrades.
