Paul Reilly: Well, historically, like this quarter, it's a pretty good NNA number. So what's really driving it is still rate retention, recruiting. And most of our recruiting -- the adviser count number is a little misleading now because we're recruiting more and more larger -- very large teams, fewer number but larger teams. This quarter, we had a lot of retirements. But the retirement -- seasonally, we do at the end of the year. But the retirement, almost all of them have transition plans. So we keep the assets, [ which drive ] the adviser count number down. And when people transfer to the RIA division, which happens every quarter, we take them out because they don't have a FINRA license.  So if you look at the net asset -- net new assets, you can go over the last few years, I mean, we continue to be near the top of the market or at the top of the market. And it's really just the great retention and robust recruiting. And as we recruit larger and larger teams, a lot of those teams are -- their businesses are still growing significantly, and it's really generating net new assets. And of course, there's market health, right? If the market goes up, you bring people over, the assets are higher. So we feel pretty comfortable. And as we announced, we brought over Jodi Perry to really even add more robustness to our recruiting efforts, which were kind of diversified or spread out between the channels but really bring them together to a more unified effort. We think we can do better than we have been doing. 
Paul Reilly: Back in the last -- the peak of the last market, we exceeded $10 million per MD. So I mean, we generate a very, very high productive number. If you go back a few years, we were a couple of million dollars per MD, and that really is the difference. So part of that is the market. But certainly, part of that was the high-quality MDs recruited and the teams that joined us. So I don't know what that number is in a good market. I think we could still produce that number or better. We continue to recruit people in some of the businesses that we felt were subscale or didn't have the senior people that we wanted. And I think the productivity is still there. So if we had a market as robust as we did a couple of years ago, we could top that $10 million. But certainly, we'd be much higher than the high single digits, I think, in a reasonable market. But again, the market, as we said, is we see slow improvement, but nothing that's really moving quickly up but moving up steadily. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think there's 2 pieces to that, Devin, is that we have seen spreads widen. The problem is, is the market hasn't been really robust in the area that we like to lend. And we have a target both in industries, borrowers. So it's fairly conservative. And that pipeline of new loans, as you can see from other banks, too, has just slowed down. So we're still waiting for that kind of resurgence in activity, which we think will happen at some point. But that's really been the -- we're ready to lend. We're also seeing SBL loans and things -- which was deteriorating. We've seen that the payoffs are really decreasing. We're seeing some growth there now, too. So we're starting to see the beginning of growth in those portfolios. But certainly, the market isn't giving us that opportunity to put on loans at the same rate we did in like early 2023 or certainly '22. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So first, it's a pretty fickle market. SumRidge has done well the whole time. They [ day traded ] on volatility. So if you look at volatility, you could probably look at their results. They're really good, very hedged, very focused corporate trading strategy and consistently have executed since day 1. And their business has not been off. It's done well. Our traditional depository business, which is a big part of our franchise, as they got cash squeezed, it slowed down. Two things were happening. A lot of banks already had plenty of fixed-rate maturities, and they weren't looking for more bonds and they were worried about their liquidity. I think what happened in December as liquidity looked like it was easing some and rates looked like they were going to come down, they got much more active.  So I think that environment, which has been okay beginning of the year but it's too early to tell, is what happens with the rates. If people really think these are peak rates and liquidity continues to [ feel settled ], they'll get more active or at least be active as they are today. But I don't see the return to 2 years ago until the market really gets a lot better and a lot stable. But the guys, they've performed very, very well and it's just -- if rates go up, it's going to be a headwind. If rates go down some or [indiscernible] rates going down materializes or people get confident, I think it will pick up. 
Paul Reilly: And I think that if people look at kind of the beta there is, they'll say if rates come down, will that spread increase quickly? Well, on normal sweeps, they kind of follow fed funds. But really, if you look at money markets, they're more -- they're buying bonds, and it takes 2 to 3 weeks for them to adjust. So if they're -- if you consider them some of the competition for rate, it's going to take a few weeks at least for that to sort through before there's -- before rates start moving at the more expensive people who are investing in higher-yielding types of certificates. But it will be moving in the right direction [ of rates ]. 
Paul Reilly: So first, there's always been scrutiny on those products over time, and we believe we have good products and systems to manage that. And the DOL, we had put in systems to comply with a fairly similar law in the beginning, and then we had to take them out as we -- as the industry defeated the rule. The second interpretation of questions came out, and the industry defeated the rule. So we'll have to see in court, and we'll have to see what this rule finishes with before we look at the impact. And my guess is the industry will challenge the rule again. So we've won twice. Well, my guess -- I think there will be a substantial challenge with a lot of things that could challenge what is proposed today, and so we'll have to see. So I'm -- it's kind of early to speculate on that until it's finalized, until we see if it really can withstand the third court challenge. 
Paul Reilly: And we've heard a lot of people speculate over at the top rates, but we went from no rate cuts to 3, to people speculating 6, to speculating, well, maybe we won't get one for months. So we just don't want to really play that game. And I think one of the keys to our consistent performance is we're not making bets. We're just consistently running the business. So we really don't look at locking in rates like that. And right now, the spread on the sweep rates is very, very good and compelling anyways. 
Paul Reilly: And that was kind of our initial guidance was the $1.9 billion. So we're just -- it is lumpy, but we still think that's a good number. 
Paul Reilly: There wasn't anything lumpy in the bank channel. We -- that tends to be a lumpier one just because of the -- with advisers, there's many, many. So they average out with the banks. We don't expect anything lumpy. It's part of our growth platform, and I think our NNA has continued to be very, very solid. So we like the trajectory. And this is, I think, a very strong number, both given the environment and given our competitors this quarter, and still believe we have the opportunity to keep -- we don't forecast a number, but I think we can be right at the top of NNA. 
Paul Reilly: So we think -- first, we were a little late into the quarter because we had a self-imposed blackout given, as we said, given an accrual for our off-platform communications. So we get a little late jump. And so we weren't in a rush. We had a good period in that market, so we didn't try to catch up. But we're committed to, next quarter, the $200 million, which I think will catch us up on the TriState commitment and continue on our dilution and as we go forward, to be opportunistic. We are trying to balance. As we've said, we've put a new head of corporate development. We're seeing a lot of opportunities in the market, and we want to make sure that just like -- I remember -- forgot the timing -- 2 years ago, [ we presented ] that we're going to spend the cash when it got over 12%. And we did 6 acquisitions in 18 months, right, and got our ratio down to 10%.  So -- and the reason we could do them is we have capital on the balance sheet. And we think there are opportunities. The problem is you never know if they're actionable. You can talk a lot, but we're certainly out in the market and looking. And so we just try to balance those 2. The good news is we have strong earnings, so we understand we'll keep adding to the capital base. But we're just trying to balance the 2 of them. We think $200 million is a good target. And if we can't get -- if we get to the point where we don't think there are accretive acquisitions that would be accretive to the positioning of the firm, not just earnings, we will buy back stock. We're not trying to hoard capital. Our RSUs, at least half of them, are [ ROE ] and TSR-based. So we're not trying to hoard capital just for fun. We just think it's the right thing to do, looking at the potential opportunities. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. I don't know if I have those exact numbers. I will say, we didn't see $10 million teams a year or 2 [ ago ]. Now we see $20 million and $30 million teams that are -- the batting average is pretty good, but there's a lot of competition. We're not the highest payer, but we still -- we're still doing really, really well. Yes, we have a lot in the door. But right now, when we say in the pipeline, they're not committed. We're in the middle of -- we're right there neck and neck, and I think we have a pretty good read on who will come in or not or who are close and you just stay at it.  So -- but it's a large number, and we're actually honestly a little surprised. I think it's both the growth of our firm and our platform, the high net worth initiatives that we've had and what we've built really since Alex Brown has joined us with [ their help ] being a place for people and the high net and ultrahigh net worth feel very comfortable. And then our technology and our systems and culture, it's all combined to add it to a place where, frankly, if you'd asked us a couple of years ago, we would say -- we wouldn't have told you we'd expected $10 million, $20 million, $30 million teams, multiple teams at one time. So our job is to get them in the door, right? So the good ones. So that's what we work hard on. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. First, everyone uses them. So if you want to recruit with zero transition of systems, good luck. I mean you might bring some people in, but not much. I mean advisers feel there's a value to their practices and want a fair return on those. So that is part of recruiting for all the firms, not so much in the RIA channel, but certainly in the employee and independent channel. We consistently, since my time and before, have not been the highest on purpose. And we want -- we've always said it's part of self-selection that we want people to come because they believe it's the right place, not for the highest check. Now having said that, in the last few years, transition of systems has gone up. So we've had to make adjustments. But I mean we're rarely ever the highest offer. I mean we rarely match the highest offer, and we still have a very good batting average. But that's part of the business. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. Well, honestly, there's a lot of opportunities in all of our business segments. We've been -- we think there's inorganic opportunities. The challenge is you just don't know -- some are on the market. Many we keep in touch with and say is this a good time for you to look at teaming with us versus competing with us. And I think during the last year with everything going on, discussions are up. Now when you can close those or when they're actionable or -- and frankly, in this market where we suffer a little bit from what our own M&A business does, that the sellers' price expectations adjust much slower than the buyers do. So just take in our industry with cash sorting right? We've always said conservatively, we'd expect cash sorting to continue, which it has over the last year. And many people were saying, "Well, cash sorting is over, and this should be our -- this should be the EBITDA you value us on." So we just say, no, we don't think so.  And so part of that sometimes solves over timing or part of that people say, "Well, at this valuation, we're not going to sell," and that happens in all the segments. But the number of dialogues are up. The interest, I mean, sustain dialogues. And some we walk from. Some they walk from. Some we just say, "Hey, maybe it's not the right timing price-wise." And that was no different to the dynamic a few years ago and then all of a sudden, [ 4 ] we were after for a while and [ 2 ] would came out of the blue almost [ that we found are ] closed. So we can't predict that timing and don't want to even try because there's nothing concrete to predict it. But when there's enough activity, you want to make sure you have enough capital that if that time does come, that you can execute. 
Paul Reilly: On recruiting, since my 15th year, I think, in this role -- I mean, since I've been here, everybody told me recruiting was going to slow down, and it's just picked up. There would be aging advisers. There'd be no more advisers left. And we see teams in their 40s that have bigger books than we've ever seen before. So I think the recruiting potential is going to stay there. I think we have a unique value proposition given our size on one hand with -- and our A ratings across the 3 rating agencies; our capital on the other hand, allowing independents and Freedom advisers to own their books so they can leave if they want to leave. The technology platform and wealth, we think, is second to none, and that's what the industry awards would say.  So you got to keep competing, and it hasn't slowed down yet. Probably the biggest change in the competitive landscape has been RIA roll-ups that pay prices that we can't quite figure out, and it's a bet on aggregating and being able to go to market at some point even though those private multiples are much higher than the public multiples. So that's a new competitor. It's kind of led price. Now people are selling their firms versus having people still kind of owning their businesses. So that's the newest dynamic. And in an area which is -- I call it new competitor. But again, it's the adviser's choice, right, how do they want to practice, if they want to own their business and get all the support of a leading technology or a great place, if they want to sell their business at a pretty high multiple to roll up. So we're trying to aggregate and then monetize later. I mean that's certainly a viable market option that wasn't really there 3 years ago. 
Paul Reilly: Great. I just want to thank you all for attending. I think we're in great shape with, certainly, good tailwinds with that asset number being up 9%. The markets may surprise us all, continue to be robust. But if they continue, we're in great shape there. And the cash dynamic will sort itself at some time. If the forward curve is right at all, even if it's delayed, that will ultimately be a tailwind when that happens. But right now, we just -- as you know, we're conservative. So we always look at it as [indiscernible] [ Paul about this ] 5% decline in the last few quarters. We haven't quite hit that yet, [ so we did ] it again, but we don't know. So we try to be conservative. And if rates do moderate or come in, we'll get some tailwinds there for the industry. So thanks for joining, and we'll talk to you again. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, you touched on them. I mean, we, in the December quarter, typically have sort of seasonal tailwinds with tax loss harvesting, maturities and those type of things. And then throughout the year -- quarterly fee billings alone this quarter were north of $1.3 billion, and we'll hopefully see that continue to grow throughout the year. And then we also have the headwind as we enter April with income taxes as well. So rates are still high there -- out there. They've come in a little bit, as Paul said, just with the expectation for lower rates. So we have seen some declines across the industry.  But really, money market funds are -- the yields there are really the biggest competitor we have, if you will, and those -- the yields are still attractive. And so we still have to have attractive alternatives to bring in new cash to compete against the money market funds. So as I said in the last couple of calls, I think we're much closer to the end of that cash sorting dynamic than we -- we get closer and closer, I feel like, every quarter, but we're not going to declare that it's over until we have several months of history to prove it out. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Kyle, our position on taking duration on the balance sheet has remained very consistent through different rate cycles, which certainly positioned us well this time last year, which is really to keep more of a floating rate balance sheet and not try to time rates one way or the other. To the extent that we do take duration on the balance sheet, we really wanted to be -- to support and accommodate client needs, mortgages and those tax exempt loans, et cetera. And so we're really not looking to try to time what might happen to rates. I know the forward curve has been wrong more than right in the last 2 to 3 years and have misguided a lot of other firms. And so we're just going to remain flexible and really focus on accommodating clients versus making best for our own benefit. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. This quarter was pretty low almost across the board. IT -- the technology expenses, we typically pull back on external support during the December quarter just because it's a little bit slower for those vendors as well even to bring people in. We -- it's a relatively quiet quarter for conferences and trips. And so we -- and it was also a relatively favorable quarter for legal and regulatory. And so I think as the year progresses, we should expect to see growth to get to that $1.9 billion sort of guidance. And then as a reminder, that excludes some of the non-GAAP items, which most of you exclude, as well as the bank loan loss provision and unexpected legal and regulatory reserves because it's just -- it's impossible for us to try to forecast those over the next 3 quarters. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we'll provide more of that breakout at our Analyst/Investor Day in May. When we last went through this in 2016, last time we disclosed this metric, it was about 1/3 of the assets were in IRAs and retirement accounts, but we haven't provided any real disclosure on that since then. So we'll plan on doing that at the Analyst/Investor Day. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Bill, I think in the Capital Markets segment, when they were operating at record levels over the last couple of years, 2 years ago, they, I think, hit a maximum margin or a record margin of around 26%. And so that just shows you the upside potential for that segment. And that was both the equity side and the fixed income side of the business running on all cylinders, which is somewhat atypical across the industry just given the countercyclical nature of some of those businesses. But we -- there's a lot of upside from just breaking even this quarter in capital markets to what the potential is and that we proved out a couple of years ago, and that obviously would help the overall margin of the firm. We're still saying it's a 20% plus margin target for the firm at this juncture, and we'll update that as appropriate at Analyst/Investor Day in May.  But we have a diversified business. So there's always puts and takes. And what we don't try to do is sell you on a story that just adds the incremental margin of everything happening to the plus side without factoring in potential offsets. And so we think that's a more balanced approach. But obviously, all else being equal, if we had the same exact sort of performance from the other businesses with the upside potential of capital markets, that would be accretive to the margins overall for the firm. But we're just reluctant to guide that now given all the uncertainty, particularly around cash sorting dynamics, which is a huge driver of margins. The cash balances and where interest rates are is a big driver of margins for the firm. So we're going to be conservative there until things stabilize. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean we -- the ESP balances, we would expect the correlation of the movement of those rates to be much more aligned with what happens with fed funds effective. And I think that's what advisers and clients expect not only at Raymond James but across the industry as well for those higher-yielding products. You say it's different in terms of mix of deposits than others in the industry. But you also have to remember, with the TriState acquisition, we have -- they have $18 billion of deposits now, which are higher-cost deposits and are likely higher beta deposits, too, both on the upside and on the downside of rates. So it gives us more similar sensitivity than just looking at the sort of PCG-related deposits, which we feel good about.  And then as you point out, the BDP, the sweep deposits, we were much more generous than most of our competitors on the way up, which gives us more kind of cushion on the way down as well with those deposits. So as Paul said, it's going to be a competitive dynamic, something that we'll look at as rates move. But we feel really good about the position we're in right now. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean, I guess what I would say is if you kind of look at the revenues now versus the revenues of the peak of capital markets and being breakeven now versus getting a 26% margin during the peak of capital markets, I mean, it's pretty linear. There's a lot of incremental margin as you grow revenues from the current base to where we were at that point in time. So it also depends on, frankly, the mix of revenues in capital markets, how much comes from M&A versus underwriting versus fixed income. All those businesses have different incremental margins, too. So we can make up a simplistic number for modeling purposes. But frankly, I think it would be false precision. And we also know that the dynamics that may help the capital markets business may be dynamics that may positively or negatively impact our other businesses.  So with generating a 20% plus margin and generating record earnings in the last 3 years in very different market environments is something that really reinforces the value of having our diversified business model and being able to generate return -- adjusted returns on tangible common equity of over 20% -- 23% this quarter on our strong capital basis without the support of capital markets is something we're really happy about. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. We're still seeing a lot of demand for these deposits across the banks that we deal with. So we still think that there's pricing power. But in fairness, the pricing power we're talking about is 5 basis points to 10 basis points, which on the balances of $17 billion is meaningful, but it pales in comparison to what's happening with the base rates nowadays and what might happen, going down or up. So we still think there's pricing power. There's a lot of demand for these deposits. But we're hopeful that over the next year or 2, we're using more of these deposits to grow the balance sheet and support clients with loan activity, which generates a higher yield and returns for the firm overall. 
