Paul Reilly: Yes, it is obviously not clear enough, but it was $7 million to $8 million the RIA revenue impact to the firm on those transaction for equities and ETFs. So $7 million to $8 million firm wide is the impact. Yes, we always see competitive pressure. Devin, whether it's been moving to ETFs, the industry moving mutual funds to ETFs whether it's pressure on advisory fees. UBS’ announcement wasn't clear, a few years ago they unbundled between what the advisor charged in the firm. I don't know if it's a re-bundling, so we're going to have to see more, but there is always people that are pushing that dynamic and we've been going through that for years, it's not new.  I can say the advisor fees have held very, very steady. And it's pushed us to be more efficient. And I think that's the advantage of scale as we've gotten larger that we can deal with some of that, but certainly if that continues long-term and Reg BI will be out in June and we'll see the impacts of that. But I think over the longer-term, if that dynamic continues, people have to remember there is three people that are impacted by changes the client, the advisor and us. And it has to be fair with the client. They're the advisor and then we have to be in business to operate and I think you always have to look at that dynamic.  So right now we feel pretty good. Industry dynamics change, we're going to have to change with them. So I don't think that's a new dynamic. It's just a interesting during these periods of time. It will also be interesting as firms who have been dependent on a transaction fees, but especially we're most of the rent earnings or more than all their earnings are interest, but dependent that reaction. So we've certainly benefited from them, but I think we're a little more diversified in that. So we watch, we think through them, but I don't see any short-term call to action, but we're watching closely. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So I think in the shorter-term you've got two dynamics, as we grow in open offices that is cost. And leases renew, especially in the big markets right now, may be cyclically at a peak, maybe they continue, but with those renew, that adds cost pressure to it. As we grow in major markets and need more space, that certainly has moved against us, but that comes and goes in the cycle. So I don't see any relief in that part of the cycle. Again, we believe that the franchise value of recruiting great advisors is key to what we do. So that part I don't see kind of a lot of relief to. We just have to be more efficient at the back office side and that's what we're managing. And a lot of our expense growth, again, if you look at half the expense growth over half was accounting related, I'll call it, between our investments in technology beefing up our compliance supervision and service. I mean I think the expense growth is pretty reasonable given the growth we've had. So we'll continue to monitor that.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that, last year you saw that the recruiting was kind of flattish from the first quarter, which I think if you go back historically, a lot of people stayed for their bonuses and things through the year-end. And we just got used for a couple of years. We just people came anyway, right. So I think that that after you're in and go through bonuses, you generally, it's a more logical time for people to move and the pipeline has been strong. And I'll tell you a lot of people we thought would even join in the fourth quarter just for transitions, timing for their businesses, which is what they should do what's best for their business, moved into the next quarter. So we've – I can't tell you. What we said in the beginning was that we thought that it would accelerate and we'd have near record, which I think we delivered.  And I would say the backlog isn't any different whatsoever. It's very, very strong. So I can't cited to anything, I get to push, pull business people don't leave for fun. They are leaving something to join something. And we just have to be that great platform that people want to come to. And if they're unsatisfied where they are, we know we've been the recipient of that. 
Paul Reilly: So we haven't reported on with some money market is certainly a lot of the cash movement, but we reported sweeps is cash, cash, pure cash in our system. But a lot of the movement out has been in the money markets and positional money market. 
Paul Reilly: Our feeling is that, that we're into a stabilized kind of platform and those money market rates, which tend to come down a little slower, because they buy a securities, it takes away while for them to mature and then invest in the new rates, which are lower rates, as those rates continue to come down, we think that pressure is going to leave as that spread narrows.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Again, I think the reacceleration has been steady through the pipeline is just when they hit. But the – I would say that the average advisor continues to be higher. We're seeing much larger teams through the pipeline. So it doesn't mean they'll all join us, but the pipeline is very, very strong in the size, very, very big. We just announced the big team that joined us the last quarter. It's almost $6 million.  And so we are – we have a number of those teams in the pipeline in $5 million to $10 million range. So hopefully there we'll be able to recruit them and still there's very, very good advisors that are in $0.5 million and they're very profitable and very good with their clients. But so we are looking to recruit across the platform, but we are getting much bigger teams, I think in general right now anyway.
Paul Reilly: Well, the excess capital is always a subjective question, but I do think first that, we were going to hold true to our – we've committed to purchase dilution on a regular basis and opportunistically buy in the market. I don't think that's changed. You would see we kind of raised our threshold given the tax act and our excess liquidity. So we were probably more aggressive than we've done historically.  So I – but I think the guidance we've given and still we will buy dilution and then be aggressive when we think there's an opportunity. And on the M&A front, I can tell you. All I can tell you is, we've been very active. It's a very interesting cycle right now. There's a lot more firms talking about maybe doing something, but they seem to be looking at this last year's environment as if it's going to continue for the next 10 years. And so if you discount interest rates, if you discount, what you think market may be involve ability and all that. The pricing has led to a number of places where those things didn't transact to anybody, not just us. And so we're going to stay very active, very connected and be very discipline. So we are very active in the M&A side. But again, we're not going to do something just to be bigger. It has to make us better, so it has to be strategic. It has to fit our culture. And then we have to be able to have a good return for shareholders.  So with all of that, I'd say it's been a frustrating years. We've had some very good opportunities that didn't transact anywhere, because the pricing to us. I think the market agreed at least so far that the pricing just wasn't realistic. So but we'll stay active and I think that's the advantage. If there is a downturn and certainly downward interest rates will put pressure, it's been a great tailwind for the whole industry. That's tightening. So it may give us more opportunities, but we're still on it. But I can't tell you again with this type of market when we can do something, but we're very active.
Paul Reilly: Again, we have significant assets in our advisory accounts. So it's a both internal management and third-party sub advisors. So again, I think UBS’ announcement isn’t very clear, whether they're just re-bundling, whether advisers are sharing on that or what's going on. So it's hard for me to comment on that.  If you look overtime, there's always been pressure on those advisory accounts and the fees that we in third-party managers charge. And it's been very competitive. So it would impact us if we lowered these. But we've continually since I've been here, I don't know how many times we've lowered fees in those accounts to be more competitive. And the good news of our scale has grown significantly. So it's been a pressure, but with size has been still a growth area for us. So again, UBS announcement for us, I have no idea. Again, the impact is how is that change going to be passed to the advisor and client, and that wasn't announced at all. And if it's a re-bundling, it could have no impact. If it's charged the advisor, it has different impact. If they're going to eat it all and the advisor, client and shared as a more significant impact. But I have no idea what that is right now. So I wish I could be more clear, I just don't know. But we are looking at it. And it's just a couple day old announcement.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say there is multiple answers. So first, the DOL will come back. I mean there is a – we've been told that the Department of Labor is looking for an October type of announcement. If you remember, Reg BI specifically talked about the DOL and our belief is that the – I have no idea, but our belief is the SEC and the DOL had long talks to make sure that what the SEC proposing with it and for the DOL proposal. And some of BI already signals some of the stuff that you'd have to do with DOL type of account. So I don't think, and again we may see something in October for proposal and formal regulation in December. I don't think the DOL portion will be big. I think that Reg BI in a lot of ways is harder than the DOL, because the DOLs – here's what you have to do, here's what you can't do. And it was kind of easy to programs for it. Now I think it was bad for advisors and flexibility. Best interest standard says, hey, make sure you're putting clients first, you disclose everything. And so as you do that, you got a little harder from a judgment standpoint, but I actually think the standards more align. It just gives flexibility to say, yes, you can do this, just make sure it's in the best interest of your client. And so, certainly, I think all firms will be better positioned if a DOL type of administration came back, we'd all be closer. Because a lot of those elements would have been already kind of programmed in, especially on disclosure, which is hard to argue against best interest, hard to argue with and documenting why you made decisions hard to argue with. The DOL, we're just going tolot of more stop, where it would have been hard to do, much harder to do commission accounts and other things. So I think the industry would be better off. I think the challenge right now, it's been a little quiet lately as proposed state rules that we take to have a series of state legislations that differed, which is certainly add complexity to the business. Many think in our industry that it's surpassing the states authority to do those kinds of rules. So my guess is that would go to court too. So the industry certainly who is ever President whether they like financial services companies [indiscernible] could have an impact on regulation. Many of the people in the regulatory seats terms do go for a few years after the next elections. So there'll be pressure, but it'll be harder to do it by appointment. It'll have to go through regulation and my guess is we'll have a divided Congress no matter what. So who knows, right? But we'll react to it. I can't predict. I certainly think certain candidates, if they're look like they have an opportunity to be the next president would be a lot more disruptive than other ones. But I can't do anything about that. I only have one vote.
Paul Reilly: I think we look this way that we think that, obviously, we like funding by cash balances. And again to the extent, that spreads come in, the negative is spreads came in. The positive is that the delta between cash sweep, FBIC insured and the premium that you may give up in the money market will narrow. And we think that will naturally caused people to stay in the FBIC assured. So we think that may grow. But being led as a firm, the number one thing, you always look at liquidity. We will look into raising higher rates, if we needed liquidity, third party funding in the bank. We're testing – we tested our CD program and it worked just fine and we're going to test other measures just to make sure the liquidity is there. But that's all at a much higher rate. So that would compress NIM, if we needed it. Right now, we don't. But you don't – everyone assume you don't. So one of the things we'd like as having been more conservative in how we funded the bank, that the cash drop has not impacted our operations. Again at point, it would. And just need to make sure that we have that access to third party funds, but it would be at a higher cost. So we are looking at it, I would call it more as a contingency. You may see us raise some money, just to test that. But right now, it isn't a big driver of our cash program in our minds, certainly, not in the short-term.
Paul Reilly: I think as we look, Chris, honestly, the more interest rate cuts, certainly that's top line and frankly for the bottom line. We don't pay anything on that, right? So that's going to compress margins and even if revenue grows, it will be compensable revenue. We're paying 65% or 66%, whatever the number is this quarter, next quarter on that. So that the comp ratio will go up, as you go from non-compensable to compensable and margins will come down, because you can't make up a non-comp expenses, you can't make up that difference. The only way you do that is by changing your grid. And that's a major effort, which we have to do, we'll do, if that's the right thing of balance for the business. But it's not a short term fix. So interest rate cuts is going to impact anyone, who's interest rate sensitive.
Paul Reilly: I would say, yes, it is something we're going to manage. And I do think, we're not an e-broker. I mean, we will have recruiting expenses. We will have – you add raises, which you looked at the marketplaces, those 3% this year to our – you multiply that across our system. You have technology investment, which certainly isn't going down, you've got some embedded growth. I mean, even when you manage all those other expenses, if you're recruiting now, the good way is to make us all look good is to stop recruiting. And a lot of those expenses will go away. But I don't want to hand over the business some day to a successor who has a business that's not viable and growing. So we're going to continue to grow and that will drive expenses. It's probably last two years. It's probably been 50 basis points. It shouldn't just in a comp ratio just from amortization. So, and the more we recruit, that number will grow over time. And so – and we plan to continue to recruit. We had a number in 2009, we had our record recruiting year until last year. And this year we beat it. But in downturns, we recruit now, it may not look good on the numbers on the downturn, but it certainly looked good, when I came out of it and drove really a decade of I think great performance. So, yes, it's not going to go away. We're going to manage it as well as we can, but it's not going away.
Paul Reilly: And I'll just say that the CEO there in our control, but there are long-term cyclical impacts. So we make good loans and get good people. We allow a lot less of those. But I think we're in good shape.
Paul Reilly: So the employee channel had a very good last few quarters, where the independent, who's been really leading recruiting the last couple of years, had a little bit of slowdown, but not much. So I would call it, it's – I think it's episodic. Both channels are recruiting very, very well. And so I think economically we've had a big bull run, so independence look really good. And if you get a little tougher market environment, the employee channel looks a lot safer. So some advisors just like, they want to work with clients and they don't want to worry about turning on the lights and paying bills and others want to have, feel like they own their business every day. So, although, we tell all the advisors they do. So I don't think, I wouldn't call it one versus the other. I think they're both robust and their pipelines. And I couldn't explain why the independent has been a little higher and the employees pick up. I do think some of that's big teens, geographically it's all over doing better in the Northeast, pushing harder in the West. We're gaining ground, but we've got a lot of markets in the west. So we think we still have a big opportunity in California as long as we have electricity though around the offices. So we are – and then people ask, have large market share in Michigan yet as a strong recruiting market, even though we have great presence. So it feels good all over. But I think we're starting, if you've seen growth, which has impacted expenses. So I'm just seeing a lot more growth from the big cities, where there's still a lot of opportunities. So, I wish I could give you more of a definitive answer that's the color, but I'd say it's too short to say that people switched to an employee of a cycle.
Paul Reilly: Jeff, little quite the off the hook for another year, he's saying we still have a little more time that maybe a little more freedom, but we'll have his services both at the bank and as an advisor and helping Paul through that transition. So want to thank you all for the call. I do think that a lot of people, the recruiting numbers are big numbers, but you look at $300 million in assets and I made production the trailing 12, those $40 plus billion in assets. It's like a Morgan Keegan. I'm in, sorry, Alex Brown acquisition just on organic recruiting. So we believe that's a great way of growth. We get to pick advisor by advisor and I still think it's the biggest testament to the underlying platform is that, and the fact that they're generally joining us for less checks and sometimes significantly less checks and then get at other places. So we'll continue to push. I think the fundamentals are great from advisor and platform standpoint, but the fundamentals are very difficult from an interest rate standpoint and the markets will be the markets, especially coming to an election here. So appreciate you joining the call and we'll talk to you soon.
Jeff Julien: Only as Paul reported that, we have the fee billings come out at the beginning of each quarter, which causes a hiccup in the down direction and then it generally rebuilds over the course of the quarter to be in a position to accommodate those at fee billing in the next quarter. So that was the same dynamic that we reported last quarter that we saw in July that we obviously we saw it again for the billings in October. And so it's down now versus where it was at the end of the year, because of those billings, which are a little over $800 million now for us as a firm.  So it's down now because of that. And we – it'll generally, if it follows history, it'll build back up over the course of the quarter through recruiting and through repositioning in those accounts to be in a position to accommodate the billing next quarter. 
Jeff Julien: Yes. That kind of jumped off the page with us too. And I'm going to let our Treasurer, who we've asked to look into that, address that since you're going need to get used to hearing his voice in the future anyway. I'll let Paul Shoukry talk to that one.
Jeff Julien: And there to point out, there are a couple of expenses that are really somewhat out of our control, such as now legal reserves can depends what happens with that and regulatory issues and bank loan loss provision being another one. It’s subject to whatever happens in those particular areas. Those are very difficult to budget, although, they've been within a range, they're very difficult to pinpoint anytime over a year or such. Those can go either direction from this year to next.
Jeff Julien: Yes. I'll just make a couple of comments on that, Jim. First of all, I think that last year was an abnormal year before they killed the DOL rule. There was a, as you know, as huge movement over to fee-based. And for us that happened for the first nine months of last year in a pretty big way. That has definitely slowed down to some extent. But having said that, we're still recruiting advisors that use our fee-based platforms to a large extent. And we still do see migration from our existing advisors to fee-based just at a slower rate. So that's why you see the growth of fee-based assets outstripping the growth of the market. S&P up one and fee-based assets up three, this most recent quarter, because we continue to see both those dynamics still at play.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe we could just talk a little bit about fee-based asset flows, if I – not that you disclose them but we can take the stab back in our market impact. If I look at flows this year or 2019, they seem to be down probably about, still solid but down very strong a year ago. Maybe cut the half in terms of the annualized growth. How much – I'm just trying to unpack that, how much of that has been the slow down and recruiting at the beginning of the year versus a tough equity market versus a slowdown and sort of migration from brokerage to fee based. I mean, I know there's a lot of moving parts there, but maybe you can help us think about the taste of flows. How that trajectory has been and where it could go with accelerating recruiting.
Jim Mitchell: Okay. So but you would think last year was a lot of it or a good chunk of it was driven by just sort of that migration.
Jim Mitchell: And we think about the new recruits, it looks like it was more in the employee channel versus the independent contractor channel. Where I guess geographically is that coming from and does that help the margin a little bit, because it's in the employee channel instead of the more fixed margin independent contractor.
