Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, it's going to be hard to provide guidance over the next one or two years, Devin. But at least for the next one or two quarters, we think the guidance of NIM of 2.1% to 2.2% is our best guess right now based on where LIBOR is. We haven't set a new target yet for how much we're willing to grow the securities portfolio. There's a lot of variables there. And frankly, making a total shift in asset strategy in the middle of a global pandemic is probably not the right time to do it with all the moving parts. Cash has been resilient. Client cash balances are actually still $52 billion now, roughly even after income tax payments and the fee billing in early July or mid-July, but that could change tomorrow. So certainly not willing to go out one to two years. But as far as the corporate loan growth goes, it was down, I think, $700 million net during the quarter, we sold $355 million worth, but there's also a lot of net paydowns. And we remain very selective in making new corporate loans. But as we get more market clarity, we certainly have an appetite and the expertise to grow that portfolio. And we can we can do it pretty rapidly if the market conditions get better. So again, a lot of moving parts, can't go out one to two years. But at least over the next one to two quarters, we think 2.1% to 2.2% NIM as good a guess as we have right now.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean, I think so. We grew the securities portfolio and net over $1 billion this quarter. Last time we were in zero rate environment, we had almost no securities at all. So our appetite for some duration has increased. But we're still going to be more exposed to the shorter end of the curve, which is appropriate given our deposits are floating rate deposits. So for the most part. And so we'll continue moving deposits from third-party banks to the bank's balance sheet, but we want to do it in a way that ramp over the long period.
Paul Shoukry: Like I said, we're not prepared to provide any time lines on today's call. We're far along in the process. And really, we're looking at almost every single expense line item, both compensation and noncompensation expenses.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I think in fairness, we also had subdued business development expenses this quarter. I think they were down something like $30 million year-over-year. This is typically the quarter where we hit our high watermark, just given the timing of our recognition events and conferences. So yes, there's some offsets and also capital markets generated, I think, a 19% pre-tax margin, which is a very high margin, thanks to the record fixed income results. So there is some puts and takes. Again, we're not ready to provide, given the uncertainty in these moving parts of long-term margin target. But yes, we are focused on those expense efficiencies as well, as you said.
Paul Shoukry: We try to be as proactive as we can as we always do with reserving the loans for the loans at the bank. So we feel good about our allowances now at for the especially in the corporate portfolio, C&I is 2.4% allowance and the CRE portfolio is a 2.8% allowance. So with that being said, if economic conditions continue to deteriorate, and some of the stimulus measures, which are temporary in nature, don't get extended. And who knows what's going to happen. So we there's a certainly potential for more allowances across the entire industry. But at this juncture, we just don't know right now. So CECL goes into effect October 1. Frankly, I don't even know what our provision is going to be in the September quarter under our existing methodology. So we really aren't in a position to provide much guidance under CECL yet.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, we have a significant amount of cash with third-party banks now, $25 billion. So we have more capacity now than we've had historically and frankly, the demand at third-party banks is continuing to evolve. There was a significant demand in March when there was a lot of revolver fundings, and that has that dynamic has changed, as you know. And so that demand is not as strong as it was in March. And so we're willing to take some duration, not as much duration as many of our peers, but we're willing to take some incremental duration for that yield pickup but we haven't again set a glide path just yet, but we're comfortable with that taking on some more duration. And we've certainly we hope we're wrong, but we certainly don't think that short-term rates are going to increase anytime soon, especially after hearing Powell again yesterday. So again, hopefully, we're wrong because we're still going to be much more exposed to the short end of the curve.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Well, excluding the kind of elevated provisions, we were of guiding to about $325 million per quarter for this fiscal year. And obviously, we've been well below that, excluding the provisions, largely due to, as you mentioned, lower business development expenses. We want that. We expect that to go up over time, not next quarter, but as soon as people are more comfortable traveling, we expect business development expenses to increase but one of the things that we're looking at as a part of our overall expense initiatives is we've learned that a lot of our advisors are perfectly comfortable and happy doing some of these regional workshops and other product-focused sessions virtually versus a physically in person at various locations across the country. So the Private Client Group leadership team is also looking at this as a long-term opportunity to certainly transition to more virtual events as well, which could help business development expenses. So again, we're looking closely at the long-term opportunities coming out of this crisis.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. I mean, we have an average duration of the securities we buy is roughly three years. And so the existing book has an average yield of about 2%. And I'd say the average life on the existing book, remaining life is probably a couple two to three years because, again, the vintage is relatively new, the portfolio as we've grown it. So it will take some time for that reinvestment yield to sort of reset as we add securities.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. That AUM, Chris, includes both kind of institutional assets under management as well as assets under retail assets under management. So I would say roughly 65% of those assets are built based on the beginning of the period assets. So you can't just look at it on an average basis. So that's what's driving the variance that you're describing.
Paul Shoukry: No, the I'm not sure we could speak offline on how that, how you're doing the math, but the payout is still right around 75%. So it's been pretty stable sequentially.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think just the range of the yield is somewhere around LIBOR plus 175 to LIBOR plus 300 of the loans that we sold in that kind of range.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. We're not going to provide kind of monthly or kind of we, of course, track that internally, but haven't provided that externally yet. What I would tell you is what paul said is that the recruiting momentum really rebounded throughout the quarter as we've adjusted to our virtual home office visits. And we are all doing, Paul doing them. I'm doing them. The home office is it's virtually, and they're going pretty well. So we feel really good about the activity levels, again, across all our affiliation options, but aren't going to provide month-to-month statistics on those.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. And again, we still have another quarter under the incurred loss process for provisions, and we don't even know what that's going to be yet. So we'll have to wait and see. But I know that even for the big banks, the macro assumptions are changing rapidly so too. [Indiscernible] the macro assumptions and projections are going to look like even in October. It seems like it's right around the corner, but every week, things changed dramatically. So we'll wait and see kind of how things progress between now and then.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, question. It's a pretty broad one in terms of the client engagement across our businesses, as Paul said in his outlook comments in the Private Client group business, the fee-based assets are going to should provide us a tailwind for asset management revenues and recruiting activity remains remains healthy. In capital markets segment, the M&A pipeline entering into the fourth quarter looks good. We expect M&a revenues to be up, assuming that the market environment remains relatively resilient here through the rest of the quarter. And the fixed income activity, well, hard to repeat a record, as Paul said, the depository client segment, in particular, remains very engaged. So we feel good about the client activity levels, but we'll provide more details as we go along here.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Let me just add to one thing. I know you understand this Devin. But as we do move more from BDP to the bank, the NIM may have a little compression, but our overall net interest income will be up. We'll pick up 60-plus basis points on that move. Not insurance. So it's the NIM may be down, but overall, net interest income will be up given today's environment. So that's the reason we would do it. We think it's a good risk-adjusted return trade-off.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say, I would add one thing is that you have to recognize, too, most financial institutions haven't been selling loans. So if you were to take the sales of those loans instead of selling them, just put a reserve against them, our reserves even they would have been much higher. So we've been proactively derisking areas that we think in the transportation and hospitality and the gaming in areas we think are have more exposure. We've been actively reducing risk. But again, had we just followed what most of the industry did, our reserves would have even been higher. So we think for where we are, we've done a good job of trying to stay up in front. But again, it just depends on the outlook. In a steady state, we wouldn't be adding the economy gets worse, we will add. So we're just going to have to watch, and it's just too unpredictable right now.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So probably it's not a shock for most people. The Raymond James has taken a little different approach. As we just looked at the industries that we think are very COVID dependent, and said, on a risk-reward basis, there are loans that we are, in certain industries, we're just not comfortable that we think there's more downside and upside. So one way to do it is just increase your reserves and increase your criticized loans on your balance sheet and just ride through it. But that also limits your flexibility, both regulatorily and the drag long term. And on those highly risk areas are the ones we decided just to lighten our exposure. And so that's been our strategy. If those loans perform better, and some of these industries don't go through prolonged bankruptcy restructurings, we will have made a bad long-term debt. If it's if the case is, they're very long restructurings, and it's going to be a tough slug for them, we made a good bet. And we are willing to do that in what we viewed with the most at risk industry. So we're looking we have a list of about another $100 million of loans. Again, the market's been good. That's why we lightened this. As Paul said, it's 93% it per whether we would do those or go more, I don't know. We're evaluating that as we go and looking at the pricing risk, long-term versus reserves kind of trade-off. And once again, had we just added them to reserves, we've been more flexible, but we think it's the right thing to do from a risk structure basis. So we started out of the box quickly. We've slowed down a little bit, but we're still looking.
Paul Reilly: Yes, But it would be a mistake to think they're all going away, the conferences or gettogethers, they're the educational trips for the top advisors are all part of our culture and our ability to have feedback with our advisors. So going forward, I think that we'll find there's a lot of trips, why would I take this two day trips to virtually. But some of those conferences, we do anticipate coming back when it's safe to do so.
Paul Reilly: So I think in order of we would have no comps whatsoever doing an acquisition if we had the right one. So we think we have plenty of capital and an ability to do an acquisition for the right one and integrate it. So we don't see that's not an issue. In terms of stock buybacks, we've agreed that our goal is to go ahead and minimize dilution and restart that program. But I think both given the uncertainty and honestly, even you have political and regulatory pressure right now in stock buybacks, we don't think it's just really prudent to start that yet and but more importantly, driven by the economics if we do enter into a second round of coded issues like we're seeing in the south, if we do have a really, really tough winter, we may need those. So if we're buying a producing asset. We're very comfortable doing that, but we're just going to be a little more conservative on outside of dilution doing proactive stock buybacks in this pandemic time. So whether that's a vaccine or ceiling trailing off or people getting comfortable with the operating environment. I can't say. It's one of those things I think we'll know when we feel it, but I can't give you an objective. This is the answer.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So again, I said we had about another $100 million that we are looking at selling. And again, these are risk reward, right. These were loans that are syndicated loans and in January, we had what we call them pizza parties, the lender stoping. So we get them to show, go through the loan portfolios, the most leveraged, the lest performing. And we really once you're doing an evening on each section of the portfolio, and they've really put lenders through what I call, it's almost like a flight simulator, we try to crash the pilot to see what they do. We really go through and push really hard, how are these loans? How are they underwritten? And I'll tell you, I felt as good as I have in 10 years about the underwriting. I think they were underwritten well. They were strong. What we didn't underwrite them for was a pandemic in places having zero revenue. In January, we didn't say the airlines weren't going to fly or nobody was going to fly and no one was going to travel and hotels are going to shut down and the restaurants are going to shut down. So it's those areas of those loans. I think the underwriting is strong. It's just we had a circumstance we've never seen in recent 100 years, probably almost in the country. So that's how they got into the balance sheet. So I don't blame our team. I think they were very conservative. We're just in a very, very unusual time. As Paul said, one of the advantages of the loans we did have is they were marked we're able to sell that 93% of par and the last $100 million. And then some of those loans have reserves on it on top. So the loss of selling is even less than that. It might be 300 or 400 basis points. So we just viewed the trade-off and the risk. So that next $100 million we sold is more worth. It's more worth to take the loss now than to hold on to the risk and hope that they would turn around and what most people think is going to be a longer haul the pandemic. So the yield is, I think, was comparable to the rest of the loan portfolio. They weren't the highest yielding loans. They were when underwritten from a lower yielding loans, they were higher credits in industries that just got hit really hard in the pandemic.
Paul Reilly: Yes. We're open to selling down. I think what we've done is we've looked at the loans that we are most concerned of, and they were really more concerned about the industry. In some places, the credits we were aggressive on very quickly. I think the loans now are almost opportunistic as loan pricing recovered, we said we could get these credits off our balance sheet with almost no loss, and we decided to go ahead and do that. So they're more opportunistic and again, we have $100 million that we're looking at. We've done $100 million and doesn't say we will do the $100 million, doesn't say we won't do more, we'll do an evaluation. And again, we've made a handful of new loans, too, because we like the industries, the spreads and the risk. So we just haven't opened up widely, but we are still open on originating in the corporate portfolio, too, but we're just a lot more a lot more critical to make sure we think those are good loans given the environment.
Paul Reilly: During the quarter, it was much stronger in the independent channel. The reason is most of them have their own branches and offices. So there's no reason to put off a move. They just they can change honestly, sometimes it's actually easier right now because clients are at home, you can find them to do the transition. So that has been more robust in the quarter than the employee channel. Having said that, the recruiting in the employee channel and the commits have been good, but a lot of them have delayed because we shut our offices. And we're now in the limited reopening, limiting the number of people in the branches. And so we now have on a voluntary basis. So we now have the offices open where people joined and one just joined. I think we announced this week and another one the week before. So we do have people joining but we have an awful lot of people that have decided to put off their joins and a lot of them to September now. And some of these have been signed up since April, May, June. They said they're coming. They just don't want to transition until they feel that they're in a comfortable spot for the pandemic. So that's the so I think the employee side will do a little catching up once people feel comfortable about going into an office.
Paul Reilly: So I think that there was a rush in fixed income, both in repositioning and for, frankly, for credit underwriting and debt underwriting. And so I think you've seen that slow down a little bit, but a lot we have a very a leading position with small and midsized banks. As loan activity has kind of slowed down, they've been investing more in securities and redoing their securities. So although I think we're not if you asked me to guess, it'd be hard to repeat last quarter's record. It's always hard to repeat a record, but I think it's going to be very strong fixed income for us. So and all sites so far shows it's very strong. So we expect another good quarter. And we anticipate just on closing that capital markets with the M&A transactions, will be up, but you never know if we're closing for an M&A deal. You can guess all you want, even with a good pipeline. It's when they close and what gets in the way. But so we feel pretty good about that segment for this quarter. And then in the Private Client Group segment and asset management since the assets are pegged, I mean that should be a pretty good quarter, too. So in terms of revenue increases for those.
Paul Reilly: I think the problem with it the problem with CECL is that the macro has changed all the time. So I mean if you took a point in time today, we wouldn't see a huge change, but you know you don't know, right? So that could change tomorrow. So but right now, instantaneous, we did it today. We don't think there'll be a huge change.
Paul Reilly: Then I would just like to thank you all for participating. I know your jobs are hard, given all so many extraneous market factors and depend on it and everything else and working remotely. So I know it's harder for all of us, but we really appreciate you taking the time. We'll try to provide as much color as we can and hopefully get an Analyst Day scheduled as soon as we can. And so we get a little more color to just next month or so. So thank you very much for joining us.
