Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah. It certainly is possible. Bear in mind, that account and service fee that we show there is net. That's net of what's paid to clients, it's net of the servicing fee we pay to the company that – Promontory (33:28) that does the action. So it's also certainly impacted by the deposit beta. But is it reasonable to expect that? Yeah. It certainly is possible. I don't know how to handicap it.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And again, that's only 30% of those balances and 70% are tied to Fed funds effective which is more correlated with how we set deposit rates.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah. And buying back dilution equates to something around – I'll say just under 2 million shares a year. So 1.8 million to 2 million shares a year. So if that gives you some kind of guidance. I don't know if it'll be ratable per quarter, like obviously as the stock gets less expensive, probably you'd see it accelerate and vice versa.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Not that we're rooting for a bad market, but two of the silver linings are that it creates some good opportunities, typically in the acquisition space, but a second, it does, as Paul mentioned earlier, typically raise clients' allocations to cash, which would certainly be a welcome reprieve from the trend we've experienced.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Not yet, but it's just pretty early to see that. Actually, for the last several months, we've kind of seen a bouncing along at the same level, so maybe we've kind of found a bottom anyway. Really what's happening is as we continue to have successful recruiting results, new clients and cash balances coming in have somewhat been offsetting those that are moving to higher yielding alternatives. But if we're going to see a reallocation, we haven't seen it in a meaningful way yet, but it's still pretty early in this volatility cycle here. It's only about a week in so, well, we'll know a lot more in a few weeks.
Jeffrey P. Julien: We kind of view the 50% limitation really as a constraint on what the bank deploys in the loans, which are less liquid. If they're going to just turn around and invest in liquid short-term securities, high quality, and not really any credit risk to them, yeah, that they still are a source of liquidity if the bank needs it. So we're sort of excluding those from the computation altogether. But you did trigger another thought in my mind, Jim, is that one of the guidance numbers we've typically talked about has to do with the bank's NIM. It should drift down a few basis points this quarter. And back to the previous question regarding the LIBOR, Fed funds spread is a little hard to predict. But my guess is, particularly if we continue to grow the securities portfolio ratably over time, that the bank's NIM is going to be kind of in this 3.20% to 3.25%-ish range, that's – maybe it's a bigger range than that maybe is 3.15% to 3.30% type of range given our loan mix and depending how fast the securities portfolio grows over time. So that's kind of where we think that would be. Sorry to deviate from your question.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And in this year we had a lot that were in last year's number that still came on during the course of this year.
Jeffrey P. Julien: So it might be almost close to that if the recruiting stays at the same pace, just spread out a little bit.
Jeffrey P. Julien: The only caveat I would add to that is that when you get market volatility like we've had, typically that does increase transactional activity to some extent. Again, it's too early for us to know that, but if that stays – remains the case throughout the quarter, we may see a slight pickup, even in transactional activity we'll have to wait and see.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Well, that $45 million to $50 million a quarter range is up from we used to average in the low-40s. So it's yet another expense that's up probably a 10% plus. Just again, it's – that one has a lot of controllable expenses in it. However, I will point out if our fortunes reverse here to some extent, there are a lot of conferences, trips, things like that that are in there, advertising, branding, things like that that we can control, and so that one's a more controllable line item. But based on our current level of operations, we still think that rather than averaging in that $40 million or $42 million range as it did last year, it's probably going to be between $45 million and $50 million for the year, and that is an increase from where it has been running.
Jeffrey P. Julien: And if you're asking on the first year. So, if you're talking about if recruiting really slowed down dramatically, you'd see probably lower – less in the business development with fewer headhunter fees and ACAT fees and things like that. And you'd see – eventually, you'd see less in comp as we have less amortization of some of the signing deals. But as Paul said, it'd take a while for that thing to work through the snake to really have a meaningful impact on a lot of other line items.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah, Devin, it seems like it used to be more sensitive to economic environment than it is today. Now I think it seems to have more to do with what's going on at the competition or where they currently are than it used to, because typically they didn't move that much in good times, they didn't want to upset their revenue stream and risk their clients not coming over, et cetera, et cetera. But we've had good times for a lot of years and it hasn't slowed down the recruiting at all because it's had more to do with what's happening at the firm that they're at, yeah, so it seems to have more to do with them feeling like they're in the right place to do their business than it does with the particular environment at this point.
Jeffrey P. Julien: Yeah, I think that it probably won't be very different than the annual run rate this year. I mean, it's really driven by bank's need for CRA credits, and that hasn't gone away. So we would think it wouldn't deviate significantly from their current annual run rate. This last quarter was a catch-up from a lot of things that they had in progress, so I would annualize the last quarter.
Paul C. Reilly: But we think our stock yesterday was lower than it was a couple weeks ago, so. But the – our capital...
Paul C. Reilly: Yeah. Our capital plan hasn't changed. We kind of told you we were on to a share dilution repurchase program which we're committed to. We haven't changed that strategy unless the board decides differently. But I assume we're going to continue on that. And we're looking for still opportunistic deployments of capital. We've been active in looking for those opportunities but we're pretty disciplined on that. And the one good side of a down market, it may create more of those opportunities. The market recovers, that's fine. We're going to stay disciplined. And so I think you're going to see us target to repurchase – do enough repurchases to take dilution and be opportunistic if we think the stock drops at really attractive prices. So with that, we haven't changed that plan that we announced last year, so, for a couple quarters.
Paul C. Reilly: Our appetite for M&A hasn't changed. But we're still looking for opportunities in the Private Client Group, Asset Management, mergers & acquisitions. And when we find the right opportunities that are cultural fits or strategic and a good price, we'll execute. So it just tends that pricing sometimes gets more competitive in down-market and it gives us more opportunities. So we're not rooting for a terrible market so we have opportunities, but if that happens, I think we're well positioned. So we've been active this year, we just have to find the right opportunities. And so we're talking to top – firms that we think could add to our capacity and strategically and execution ability all the time. So that hasn't changed, so we just have to find the right trigger.
Paul C. Reilly: And just remember that we talked about the NIM coming in at the bank if we put it into securities. But overall, we'll have higher earnings. That's why...
Paul C. Reilly: Yeah. We haven't seen yet, but bear in mind, all the loan repricings are typically either at 30-day anniversaries or 90-day anniversaries, depending whether they pick the one- or three-month LIBOR as their base. So a lot of those even didn't hit from last quarter's rate hike, and we haven't hit, until they repriced more recently, so and a lot of them – they also continue to hit throughout the quarter, which is – you'd say you lag a little on the way up but you also lag a little on the way down, which actually would help you. So those are on anniversaries as those don't reprice overnight.
Paul C. Reilly: There's always kind of a year – it's interesting, some people can bring it over right away, I mean in the first 90 days and some – but typically take a year-ish. So we're – as you hire and they're lagging in, so there's still some tailwinds behind that...
Paul C. Reilly: I'm not quite – total sure, Bill, of the question. I think where we're seeing – we're seeing cash movements in the money markets and other instruments, we don't have – a lot of the big banks have tiered programs where they'll go into their – the demand deposits to their – money market, to their super money market, to their CDs, to the – and you can see the big banks certainly pricing going up, in our deposit program so for. You can see where we've been averaging about half of that deposit beta. The cash we're losing looks – I mean out of the sweep, really looks like it's going into money markets within our system. So we earn less off of those but that pressure continues. But I'm not sure exactly what you're drilling on the... (44:19)
Paul C. Reilly: I think that one of the dynamics that – and people talked about our expense growth – when you recruit FAs, you don't get all the revenue day 1, but you have them in a branch, you hire their assistants, you hire the support, you need compliance, oversight. We have a lot of expenses that – we have to onboard them, I mean, we have a lot of expenses that really almost are a little ahead of the revenue flow. So as long as we're continuing to recruit, you're going to see those kind of expense growths continue too. So that's what I call the cost of doing the business. And until those – the assets are over and the branches are filled and all of that, you really don't get any leverage off of that, so.
Paul C. Reilly: Devin, on a quarter it's pretty hard to react because we're building infrastructure and costs up as part of the business plan, anticipating the recruiting. So if the music stopped, you would – some of the transition expenses and stuff would stop, but we'd still have support, we'd still have all the things; recruiting, all the kind of the – what I'll call semi-fixed costs in place. Over time we would adjust. We'd adjust in terms of head count. We could adjust in terms of bonuses, payouts. But over a quarter if the music stopped, the expenses wouldn't really be any lower.
Paul C. Reilly: I guess, two pieces. Our best year until this year was 2009. So, it certainly tells your advisors are willing to move, and in fact, we actually had to put a limit on recruiting back and then this is what we could handle. So certainly, I think advisors, during times of volatility, they're going to question – they're spending a lot of time with clients, so explain what's going on, so there may be an episodic slowdown for a period of time, but I don't think it really changes much our recruiting sprint. And over the last decade, it's continued to grow since the recovery. So you could have episodic periods of where people are going to slow down just because they're distracted or busy. And we also, though, have a lot of people that are attracted to our value proposition versus where they are today, and I don't think that changes, but certainly it can be interrupted for a short period of time.
Paul C. Reilly: But it could, it could have an impact. It's just too early to tell how sustained and what the expectations are, but I don't think it has. It would be more of a pause during the changes – so I think a change in the trend at this time.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, great. Well, l thanks, Phyllis. We appreciate everyone joining the call and we're anxiously watching the market – I don't know – we're not really anxious, but we're watching the markets like everyone else, so looking forward to an interesting quarter, but believe we're in a strong position to execute no matter where the market goes. So thanks for your time this morning.
