Paul Reilly: Well, we look at return on our equity no matter where we put it. We get just under 200 basis points on our sweep and earn 373 spread on our bank. So we just look at the return on capital how we allocate it and look at controlled growth in the bank. So we have some internal governors on how large we'd like the bank to be all of it for the business. But I think you're going to see a very similar strategy as we go forward that you've seen over the last few years both in size and how we deploy.
Paul Reilly: Honestly, we haven't seen a lot of slowdown. So we are again at pace to be nearer last year's record. You can see it by the number of advisors that we have now. If you look at the pipeline of commits and visits it's very, very robust. So if anything there may be an increase certainly in the employee side. Independent's been really active the first three quarters, but the employee side is really active. And again it usually comes and goes with market. But I'd say in all of our affiliation options we're having very good results on recruiting.
Paul Reilly: Really we think we're going to get -- given the market we should have good fee income growth. Now, the only difference between those revenue streams is we have a comp cost to fee income growth and not really any comp cost in net interest. So, even though I think this -- the fee income growth will be -- should be good certainly with a 5% tailwind going into the quarter, certainly any offset on net interest is going to hurt. But again I think any of those adjustments are going to be more short-term than long-term and are just -- if markets move up or down we get impacted. But I think we'd do a good job of managing through those so...
Paul Reilly: I think we always have the opportunity certainly on revenue outlook in the medium term to impact expenses comp and non-comp. So, you can see in Fixed Income we did that and we went from a market where we're just breakeven to 15% ROE. Part was market helped but a lot of that was cost discipline. And if we see those trends in other areas of the business we're going to have to look at more cost discipline for sure. But you're right a lot of our somewhat elevated expenses are to get on and to stay ahead of our adviser growth. So, whether that's support or compliance supervision or systems it's had a big payoff on net adviser growth. But it does hit short-term comps. So, I think to help us on comp I mean on to the numbers it'd be great to slow down recruiting. I don't think it's a great long-term benefit so -- but we always have those flexibilities. And I think we've shown that discipline. In any slowdown or recession we've reacted pretty well on cost and certainly we'll do that if we think it's needed to be done.
Paul Reilly: So when we look at it, I know you guys look at FA count, we look at trailing 12s recruited. And I think that's the measure. If you look at 2009, we had a lot of individuals, but in last year it wasn't even close in trailing 12. So we look at the trailing 12 recruited rather than look at the advisory count itself. [Technical Difficulty]
Paul Reilly: I do think that too and especially we saw the impact in the first quarter, our first quarter, because we've had a lot of retirements as the industry has. So what we measure when we talk about recruiting, we're talking about the gross number. But as you look into the net number, an awful lot of those retirements or unfortunately we got people or passed away, we've kept the asset. So they've gone on to other advisers. And so that's really what we track. And that's why we look at kind of non-regretted attrition. Certainly, if someone passes away, it's regretted. It's a death in the family. But if we keep the assets from a financial standpoint, it isn't as negative. It certainly is to the people and us and the people we know, so.
Paul Reilly: It's hard to tell. It's so individualized. We think in the first six months to a year, we get a majority of them and it may trail for a little bit while after, and then the growth is really due to their growth of production. Most all these teams that we recruit aren't just because they have assets. It's because they're looking to grow. So, it's so individualized. But you're going to see momentum as you've seen in the past. Assets are still coming over from our recruiting. And those -- we keep the pipeline filled we're going to continue to have that push.
Paul Reilly: And I do think that especially when you look at the bank that -- where LIBOR is predicted and you get benefit going up, because LIBOR moves usually before Fed funds, I think the bank has seen a lot of that loan repricing already. So any change in the cost of funds should be under total deposit and not in negatives.
Paul Reilly: Yeah, so agree everything with what Jeff said. And the only caveat is right now we are funding basically almost exclusively internally and cash sweep balances moderate the exit or grow we're going to be fine. If they continue to go down at some point you've got to have alternatives and that's what we're exploring.
Paul Reilly: Our premise, which I don't know why your – always people ask us to predict what's going to happen with interest rates given our –.
Paul Reilly: Or balances. But I think too right now the attraction has been positional money markets and the spread between that and FDIC insurance. And I think that, if rates come in and that spread decreases that the cash sweep is going to be even a better option than the money markets if rates have come in. So I think we agree with that. But we'll see what happens.
Paul Reilly: So I think that the biggest difference the bank is much more diversified. And back in pre-2008, 2009 we were almost purchase mortgages or C&I was really our portfolio. So today C&I is certainly is a much smaller percentage. It's much more diversified, but I believe the credit quality in the C&I and other parts of the equation is good. So I view we're in good shape and more diversified in our product portfolio.
Paul Reilly: Look Devin, I would describe us as active as ever looking at all sorts of opportunities. And I would view the market as a lot of people or more people looking maybe at a possible transaction. The problem is that, I think some of that in certain categories are driven by a belief that it's late cycle. The pricing doesn't necessarily -- it reflects peak growth. So, you still got that delta, so it may take a little bit of adjustment before pricing realizes. So through our view, if we look at transactions, first they have to fit. There are a lot of transactions that happen that just don't fit our model. So, they just aren't good fits for us. But the -- and some are just culturally aren't good fits. But I would say the biggest -- there is more interest that I think the pricing has to reflect kind of reality and not peak because they think there's going to be a cycle change, so those are the challenges. But we're very active in talking to folks though.
Paul Reilly: I don't know. We've never tried to be the high bidder, so we're in -- what's most impressive about I think to us on recruiting results especially at the high end, our retention agreements are substantially -- offers are substantially lower than other firms and yet people still join us. I would say when it comes to M&A that depends. If it's public company or something it's hard to be not near the high bidder and I'd say there are some that are private that we always ask ourselves are we being too conservative, but we've seen a number of things where we were first choice spiritually second by price in the line with a number of other people. But somebody had a bid that was 30% to 50% higher. So you can't beat outlier bids just to win a deal. And I think that's been more the frustration than anything for us where we were preferred, but the premium someone else was willing to pay was just too high. So we just again remained disciplined and said our job is to have an ROE for shareholders not just to be bigger.
Paul Reilly: So I think the results so far as we've -- I'd say, we've had some slight increases at times to close the gap, but we certainly haven't matched. We've stayed very, very disciplined yet the result is that this year will be close to last year's record even though we've seen a high an increase of the number of competitors offering substantially more. So our focus is that although we lose some really good people that we would like the people that join us are joining us for the right reasons, it's not just the biggest check. Certainly, we think what we offer is very fair to the adviser and long-term they can do just as well and what we think we can help them with their practice. And it's hard when you really want someone to stay disciplined, but we stay disciplined and just say overall it's the right thing to do for the advisers that are here. And bring in the new advisers at a fair price. And it helps reinforce the culture and we get the people that I think are joining for the right reasons. So it's just like M&A. You're -- there's something you may really want, but if it gets out-priced, you're better off just sitting on the sideline, and it's hard to do especially at -- if we are near the end of the cycle, it's always the worst and the hardest, so maybe it's an indication it is. So we just felt through our discipline and not being arrogant, we really -- we always second-guess ourselves and say, are we doing it right and I think we're doing the right thing. And our results have been -- I think this year will be almost as good as last year's even with this competitive pricing.
Paul Reilly: Well, so far that's been an -- more of an internal restriction than a market so most of our competitors put a lot more of their cash sweeps. I do think you're seeing one of the benefits of our discipline that we've had. You've read a number of firms that had restrictions on what they could do, because they've leveraged up their sweeps so much it's hit other trigger points and whether it's buying back stock or flexibility. So we still have room. So we're getting closer to our internal numbers, but we have the ability to raise that I think comfortably still for a while. But again, we're not going to do -- what other people have done. We don't think -- we think it limits flexibility.
Paul Reilly: Is that it? Well, great. So we appreciate you all joining us and I think we're as I've -- ended up in good shape. I think most of the indicators -- all indicators are really positive outside of the cash balances. We'll see what happens with this rate cut, if there's a rate cut this month. And we'll talk to you next quarter. So thank you very much for joining us.
Jeff Julien: It depends on what you're projecting. If you're projecting Fed rate cuts then I think you're right in not assuming that NII is going to be a revenue driver. If you're projecting maybe one cut only or no cuts, then it's going to be dependent on how well we're able to hold onto or grow cash balances.
Jeff Julien: Again, it depends how you want to model client cash balances. That's the line item that will be most impacted by whatever fluctuation you want to assume in client cash balances. We've had run off obviously that's had a negative impact on that line item because external bank sweeps are the ones that are impacted first because we're going to continue to finance the growth of Raymond James Bank as long as we can. So, the external banks are the -- get the remainder if you want to call it that. Then to the extent that keeps dropping that's going to be the line item affected more than net interest earnings.
Jeff Julien: And I would also caution you instead of looking at advisory growth to see how well we're doing I mean certainly look at the total asset growth. I mean a lot of the runoff of advisers are people that don't make it in the business, people that retire, reasons they leave. In a lot of cases, their assets stay here with their team or with some other advisers. So, it's really the asset growth that's more important, and with our recruiting metrics and records we're talking about really part of the gross production we're creating as Paul said.
Jeff Julien: It's certainly reasonable to assume something like a 6-month lag of assets coming in versus production recruited. So, I mean if you have a -- last year's record production year, we kind of get the benefit a lot of those assets coming in this year. And this year is the same way with next year's assets.
Jeff Julien: That's substantially all of it. It didn't happen exactly at the beginning of the quarter, but I would -- that's about what we modeled in as the impact. So I wouldn't assume any future benefit from that.
Jeff Julien: We've continued to see -- I think -- I don't have the exact number. It's been another $1 billion or so, I think through today runoff of -- into -- mainly into position of money market funds. These are the – in – oh, yeah, I'm sorry. And of the big part of that as Paul mentioned is that the beginning of every quarter we have the quarterly fee taken out of accounts. That's generally just an account subtraction. Over the course of the quarter money coming into the accounts through dividends interest whatever and repositioning – positions it for the next quarter. So that number coming out in fees is about $700 million to $800 million at the beginning of each quarter right now. So that's really been the primary reason, we see a decline so far in July. But we see that every quarter, and again it builds back up over the course of the quarter.
Jeff Julien: It's entirely possible that our bank's going to be entertaining other funding sources aside from our sweep program over time. We're already – we've already looked at some. We've done one CD issuance through our syndicated desk, a secondary market CD. We're looking at alt – immediate – or we're looking already at alternative funding sources at the bank level preparing for the eventuality that sweep balances are not available given our internal limitations or in general to continue to support the growth of the bank. And we don't – if we do the math, we'll have to see whether it makes sense for us to run the bank in place, or whether it makes more sense for us to continue to grow the bank with external funding sources. I think the answer's going to be the latter, but we don't know that for a definitive fact yet. So we are exploring alternative funding sources of various types at the bank. We have been for the better part of the year actually in anticipation of what you're talking about.
Jeff Julien: I am in the camp that it will help stabilize the balances at least by the second rate cut or so. The first one may not have a big impact or maybe even the second one. But beyond that, if there are that many rate cuts I think – I certainly think it will minimize the differential that they can get elsewhere.
Jeff Julien: And we didn't have an SBL portfolio in 2007, which is extremely a good source of business for us. Most of our mortgages now are originated versus purchased. So – and we have extremely good credit quality within our client base as you can imagine. And we have a tax-exempt portfolio, which we didn't have in 2007, which are loans to investment-grade municipalities. So it's – I think in – it's more diversified and probably on average much better quality than it was in 2007. And remember, we survived 2008 or 2009 without particular ugly -- with no real ugly hiccups. So it just -- to be in even better shape now, I think we're very well-positioned.
Jeff Julien: I think it's just a continuation of the trend towards fee-based assets away from commissionable activity in the Private Client Group side. The people we're recruiting are heavy users of fee-based alternatives. And it's just been a continuing trend you've seen that -- if you map that for the last two to three years, I think you'd see a pretty steady decline in commissionable activity in PCG. No real change there.
Jeff Julien: Another silver lining to the market correction whenever it comes along with increased cash balances.
Jeff Julien: It would be felt partly by the bank and it would be felt partly in the account and service fees in the Private Client Group. So it would be kind of a split between those two segments, which are a direct, but it's hard to tell the exact proportion. Depends what we do on the grid of what we pay to clients, but they both feel it those two segments.
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We have some internal limitations that are the first triggers that we will hit, but then there are some external triggers too, such as we don't want to violate clients' ability to get the $3 million of FDIC insurance and put so much in our bank that they don't go through the waterfall, et cetera. Those numbers are a little less than half of that $14 billion could still be directed to our bank and also without triggering some penalty rates, because we do have some contractual commitments, which are running off over time here with some third-party banks that we won't fall below a certain, but I guess a safe number to use would be a $6 billion type number in that. And we're not trying to dodge the question, but we have some internal constraints that would again be triggered before that comes into play.
