Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As I said at the start of our call, I'm pleased with our results. And while there are many uncertainties, I believe we are well-positioned to drive growth across all of our businesses. In the private client group, next quarter results will be negatively impacted by the expected 11% sequential decline of asset management and related administrative fees that Paul described earlier. However, focusing more long term, our recruiting pipelines remain strong and combined with solid retention I'm optimistic we'll continue to deliver industry leading growth as advisors are attracted to our client focused values and leading technology platform. The segment will also continue to benefit from higher short term interest rates. In the capital market segment, the M&A pipeline remains robust, but the pace and timing of closings will heavily be influenced on market conditions. Over long term, I am confident we are well-positioned for growth as a significant investments we made over the past five years in our platform and increased our team and productive capacity. In the fixed income space, we expect some rich partners to enhance our current position and the rapidly evolving fixed income and trading technology marketplace. In asset management segment, while financial assets under management are starting the fiscal fourth quarter lower due to equity markets, we are confident the strong growth of assets and fee based accounts in the private client group segment will drive long term growth of financial assets under management. In addition, we expect Caroline Tower advisors with its new edition of Chartwell Investment Partners to help drive further growth through increased scale distribution, and operational and marketing synergies. And the bank segment is well-positioned for rising short term interest rates, as we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet prudently. And most importantly, the credit quality of the bank segments loan portfolio remains strong. As always, I want to thank our advisors, and all of our associates for their perseverance, and dedication to providing excellent service to their clients each and every day. With that operator, I'm going to open it up for questions. Thank you.
Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jerry. Good morning. Actually, the cash balances in the quarter stayed relatively resilient as you saw only down about 1% for the quarter. Now in the month of July we have seen a decline in client cash balances were at about $73 billion now, almost half of that was from the quarterly fee billings, which all come out in the first month of the quarter. And then the other portion kind of reflects the cash sorting that we've been expecting for quite some time now as rates start to increase. And just to put into context, just a year ago, we were at $63 billion of total client cash balances, which were elevated from the pre-COVID days. So I don't think it should be surprising to see some cash shorting as rates increase going forward.
Paul Reilly: I know the line item was higher than people maybe anticipated. But I think you also have to remember if you compare it to the '19 and '20 numbers that was about 3% of revenue in those in that quarter. It's about 2% of revenue this time. I mean so we've grown significantly. I think we're managing the costs very well. So just based on those percentages I don't think we're back to where we were. You can see we're managing expenses, but our big conferences, and our biggest advisor events have occurred in this quarter. So it's not a typical so --
Paul Reilly: I'd say the trend is that way, right? So we could change based on where we can deploy the cash and what they need. But so far we're on the kind of the plan.
Paul Reilly: Yes, Stephen, you remember this well, because you're very close to it. 2015 we had no securities at all on the bank's balance sheet. And so we do, we have been more balanced and diversified in that regard. And I think we plan on continuing to be more balanced and diversified. But almost all of our deposits are floating rate deposits. So to take on much more duration would essentially be making a bet between and a mismatch between the assets and the deposits. So our focus is to your point be more diversified. And we are much more diversified than we were just five or six years ago with our securities portfolio. And we also have jumbo mortgages on the balance sheet that has some duration to it, tax exempt loans, etc. But we will I think you should expect us to continue to be exposed, more exposed to the short end of the curve, just given the nature of our deposit base, which is floating.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I just think that, look, we knew a bunch of rate increases were coming, right. So and a lot of people you can take to a process, you can maximize your return. But our belief when everybody was talking about how much cash and there was too much cash is that as businesses grew and rates went up and you can see what's happened in the public markets where people haven't had access, there would be more demand for cash. And we're seeing that in the bank suite program, even the biggest banks coming back into the bank suite program, which tells you, everyone's looking to liquidity. So our view was, we could be more aggressive. We'd have chances on further increases to modify or not to be as aggressive if we could see a cooling down or going the other way but as to make sure that we first treated clients fairly, but we did a good job of retaining cash balances. And then we've lived through cycles when cash was really tight in the industry. And some people are already putting out high yield savings and other CDs and deposits to fund now, right. So they're sweetbreads may be lower, but they're also adding higher cost deposits. So we're just trying to look long term on it. Take care of clients. And yet we know in a rising rates that they keep rising, we always had time to adjust. So Paul, I don't know if you want to comment on changing beta or not. It's hard to hard to tell until we have a rate setting committee. It'll certainly be what it was, at least historically, and maybe a little higher. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. So that was actually a good catch. Because what we haven't specifically drawn out in the numbers is that we've all been concerned about our associates and the impact of inflation in this environment. And a number of firms have done kind of across the board comp adjustments are common across the board salary adjustments, and we decided to take a different course, which we did this quarter is to give really just a off cycle bonus to our lower paying associates to help them cope with the inflationary costs of gasoline, housing, and everything else and not do an automatic salary adjustment really for two reasons is salaries are forever. But more importantly, is we wanted to do it thoughtfully across all of our associates in our year end process, which is actually a number of months is to make sure that people are rewarded accordingly and that the salaries are benchmarked to market and instead of just doing a raise now that it's hard to do an unraised for those who should know. We gave kind of a onetime bonus and that really hit the segment. But it really is taking care of our associates doing an unbelievable job. We've been great. Our turnover certainly been up but it's been lower than the industry. They've been doing a good job for us. And we felt we owed them to do this, which should take them to the year end until we get to our normal cycle adjustments. Paul, I don't know if you want to go through any more in terms of numbers or anything else. But that was the biggest impact of that number.
Paul Reilly: First, strategically we've set up and really bolstered our RIA offering just because it was and it has been the fastest growing segment in the industry. And the good news is when people have switched to RIA they haven't gone to any of our custodian, competitors. They've most, almost virtually 100% of stayed at Raymond James. So it's been a good retention tool. This was really one big firm whose business model has changed. We know what's coming. We are planning on it for a year. The good news is again, they stay with Raymond James, their assets are custodial with us. But in the RA model, they're not FINRA licensed in a way we count advisors are producing advisors who have a FINRA license, but once they go into the RA space, we can't count that anymore. So if you look at it, since really, a year and a half, it's been about 250 advisors, there was a big group that moved at the end of the year, relatively big, but it's usually three or four advisors a quarter. And this was a one off movement that really focused on kind of a changing business strategy for them. So I think it was, it's not certainly business as usual. It's one of the largest firms on the platform that went RIA and we don't see people will continue to move, but it's not a different than the movement between the rest of our channels.
Paul Reilly: I think you're right, Jim. All of the sort of some of the major factors, including interest rates, which is a significant factor, are increasing much faster than we originally anticipated which is a great tailwind. But most importantly, is that Tristate has been doing a fantastic job serving their clients through the announcement and through the closing and integration and they have been able to continue growing their business like nicely with their clients. And we're frankly, a lot of our efforts are staying out their way because they're doing such a great job with their client relationships and they're handling a lot of change all at once, dealing with their clients. So that's been all more positive than we originally anticipated, and a great kudos to the Tristate capital team for being able to pull that off. Now, with that being said, our earnings base is going to be higher and a higher rate environment as well. So the accretion dilution analysis is a function of both the numerator and the denominator being our earnings base. So it's hard to compare apples to apples. And frankly, Paul and I aren't really concerned about the short term accretion. We're looking at this, we determine the success of a transaction over the next 5 to 10 years. And what that really entails is keeping their franchise and their client relationships in tech, which is going extremely well. It's great to have the interest rate tailwinds. And it's great to see the growth that they're having. But again, we're not overly focused on what the near term accretion is going to be. But we're extremely excited by the success that they've had thus far in early innings.
Paul Reilly: Devin, I think that first, it's always been competitive. If you'd look at our kind of our record growth it's probably not all, it's not really just an advisor count. But it's the size of the businesses that are been joining our platform, very, very large teams, ones just a few years ago, we would never see and I really, it's kind of a testament to the platform that was built in the high net worth and ultra high net worth space. And I think when Alex Brown joined us, they brought kind of a lot of knowledge and focus to us on building the platform for the entire firm. So the recruiting is going very well. It goes in cycles, the independent channel was kind of on fire, the employee channels been the one this year that's doing really, really well. And I think that's more the sign of the economy is where people are joining and the risk they're taking, we have not seen a slowdown, we thought we would see more people typically when advisors commit in the pipeline. It'll slip. We thought we'd see a lot more slippage. And we haven't really maybe a little more. So advisors are still coming. Once they make that decision, we rarely see them decide not to leave their firm. So the pace is still very, very good. It's competitive, it's always been competitive. We always seem to have in certain spaces, certain competitors, really jumped out in the market. But I think we pay a fair transition assistance. And I can't say it's the highest in the market. But we compete very well because of the value proposition. So, so far, so good. It's been if we had any concerns about it, it still looks very, very solid right now.
Paul Reilly: I think it's almost the latter than the former. I think that strengthening the platform by offering those services, it makes the platform more attractive and people easier to transition. The uptake on the services has been much better than we thought. Even existing advisors who have big businesses, whether they're having like everyone's the war on talent, or someone gets sick, and like has to be out of the office or we're finding an uptake of those services and they're very, very happy with it. So we're in the early scaling days, and I doubt it's going to be a line item, like brokerage revenue, but it's going to be something that certainly is going to positively impact the margins for those businesses. And so it's early. We're still scaling on but so far, it's very, very good. But we're just a few quarters really into it. But the reception even of existing advisors is higher than we thought.
Paul Reilly: Well, first it's a good question. If you look at what's going to happen in rising rates, I think that it's still a cheaper source of borrowing for most clients. So we anticipate that rates get higher and higher and higher maybe people don't borrow but in this environment, it's still a very effective way of low cost way to borrow. From our standpoint we love two things about SPL one is the liquidity because it's callable. Secondly, it's very secured, and it's low risk, and it has, frankly, the best spreads right now but also it supports clients. So we continue to focus on that segment, we can speed up any part of the loan segment, we've done it before, I think we're one of the few banks that sold by COVID loans to reduce risk on the balance sheet. And there are times we have taken different parts of the portfolio and slowed it down for a while. Most of the portfolio even CNI as a very liquid portion and the term B loans, and so we do manage the balance sheet. So we're very happy that SPL loans are in demand and growing and we plan to support that and we'll look at the relative contribution of each item depending on where we see the risk return tradeoffs long term in the market. If we're offering, the market starts offering risky credit only, then you slow down that segment. So the TriState markets very different from our certainly. Our markets, internal their markets external to other firms. And so those are very separate, run separately, but we'd like the SPL loans in both categories, and both banks and have the capital and the cash, the funding too which is important. We have a lot of flexibility and funding.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I want to thank everybody for attending and I know numbers were a little bit more difficult with a lot of the acquisition related expenses and changes. So I appreciate the effort I know but the questions and the write ups, you put a lot of time into it. So I want to thank you and again, as always take our advisors and associates for all they've done to generate these numbers. So it's easy to present them when they're doing such a great job. So thank you and we'll talk to you next call.
Paul Shoukry: Certainly. Business development expenses were much higher this quarter. Last quarter, seems like an eternity, but we were still dealing with Omicron. So people really weren't traveling at the beginning of the quarter. This quarter, we have our biggest advisor conference for the independent adviser business. So we -- that and this is a quarter we've had it historically, even pre-COVID, which is why it usually is the high watermark quarter and people are starting to travel again. There is a lot of pent up travel out there. People wanting to see each other in person again. So I think when you look at just stepping back and looking at non-compensation expense in the aggregate, on a GAAP basis, it ended up $469 million for the quarter. Now about $47 million of that were non-GAAP adjustments related to acquisitions. So that gets us down to on an adjusted basis for non-GAAP, a non compensation expenses, about $422 million. We still have two more months of Tristate capital to reflect there. So that's about $10 million, if you look at their $15 million run rate, but some of the expenses this quarter were elevated. So maybe a good sort of jumping off point plus or minus a few million dollars as we look at the next couple of quarters.
Paul Shoukry: Thank you. think you've covered it very well, Paul, and we've already supplemented their deposit base with about a billion dollars of our deposits and we have plans to supplement with another billion. But as Paul said, they're running an independent business, they have their clients. We want to certainly honor those their relationships with their clients. And frankly, over the next few years, those deposits in those diversified funding sources could be very valuable to us as an organization overall. So we're not focused on the short term accretion of a standalone business. We're really focused on maximizing flexibility in earnings for the organization overall.
Paul Shoukry: I mean, we gave you kind of the biggest component with the NIM average, for the quarter for the fiscal fourth quarter. We're expecting it to be about 2.7%, which would be almost 30 basis points higher than the 2.4%, that it averaged this particular quarter. So and we've had some nice growth and earning assets, both from Raymond James bank on a standalone basis, which grew 8% sequentially. And then of course, adding on Tristate. So I think those kind of gives you the main inputs to calculating net interest income, and then the BDP fees, which are substantial as well, they average 88 basis points this quarter. The cash had swept over to third party banks. And we said that with the rate increase that was announced yesterday, and some assumptions around deposit beta, that we expect that to increase to 1.7% on average for next quarter. So really significant tailwinds coming from net interest income, and RJBDP fees from third party banks. And I think the important thing is here is we've been criticized for quite some time for not taking more duration. I know a lot of our peers have done that. But our long standing approach of staying flexible and not trying to time, the rates, the markets and the bond curves is going to serve us very well in this rising rate environment.
Paul Shoukry: Total for the firm is about just under $15 million for the firm and PCG takes the majority of it just because they're by far the largest business and have the most associates.
Paul Shoukry: I think we're going to be up. We're going to be patient. Yes, we're going to be patient. That sounds like a reasonable timeline, but depending on other capital needs, balance sheet growth, other factors, we could do it faster or slower than that. But we're going to be, as I said, from the start, and as Paul said, from the start, we're not going to be in a rush to buy it back, it kind of gets us to the same place a year from now whether we do it quickly, or we do it in a more deliberate manner.
Paul Shoukry: Great question Manan. We can be very flexible with the deposits to your point. The CIP balances on the balance sheet are really overflow balances for when we weren't able to sweep the third party banks because they didn't have the demand. And so as that demand picks up, which it has been picking up, still early days, but we're definitely seeing a change in tone even from the big banks who historically have not been as eager to get those type of deposits. We're starting to see significant demand from those banks as well. So as we start seeing those, that demand pickup, we wouldn't be able to sweep more from CIP to those third party banks, all else being equal. So but we do have a lot of flexibility. It's great to see the demand come back. We knew the demand would eventually come back. And so that's why we wanted to stay flexible with those deposits.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, absolutely. I mean, the $25 billion, that's what third party banks now and the $14 billion that's with client interest programs and that has declined somewhat since the beginning of July as I said in the comments, but those deposits over time can be a good portion of a very large portion of those deposits over time could be used to fund the balance sheet growth to the extent that we find good risk adjusted returns on the balance sheet and to the extent that we can grow loans to our private client, group clients, etc. So yes, but again, we have a lot of flexibility and a lot of capacity.
