Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff. I'm sure everybody found that exciting. So don't apologize. A little bit outlook, given the market, it's kind of hard to give little bit – to give outlooks. But we can tell you what we know and what we think we see. So in the Private Client Group, certainly our fee-based assets are down 8% at the end of the quarter. So that's going to lower our starting fee billing. So that's certainly going to be a headwind in the Private Client Group. However, the increase in cash balances and although $2 billion were redeployed, roughly half of that's in our fees that are paid out of cash usually to clients. There's also probably a lot of tax harvesting where people go out of the market and come back in at the end of the quarter and other deployments in the cash. We don't know what's going to happen with that net increase, but if you take that net increase and add it to the higher short-term interest rates, that could supplement – could replace that revenue, depends what the balances are going to be, we'll have to see during the year. And a reminder, those cash balances aren't compensatory. So they do have a positive impact on the net. It's a better net revenue and it also will have a positive effect on lowering the comp ratio. So we'll just have to see where that balance comes out. Financial recruiting pipeline is robust across all channels. And our retention, if people leave, they tend to leave at the end of the quarter and the fiscal year, just it's a cleaner time and there is no indication of anything, but retention continuing as we really focused on making this a great place for our advisors. Capital Markets, the M&A pipeline still very strong. The big question is probably underwriting between the markets and the government shutdown at the SEC, who knows. So – but certainly the M&A pipeline looks good. Silver Lane, we're excited about that addition, but closing by April, that financial event will really impact more next quarter in terms of revenue and expenses, given closing if it closes before that. Fixed income, like the rest of the industry, will be challenged I think. As long as the yield curve is flat and long-term rates are low, that's going to continue to be a tough business. I believe our people are doing a great job of managing the costs and managing inventories at a very good risk levels. So there I think they're doing everything they could – can do. The asset management, the businesses are starting – financial assets under management are down 10% sequentially. So we're starting lower, we had some recovery in January. Jeff talked about how they are billed. So it's hard to predict. Certainly, they're going to start at a lower revenue base and the rest of the billings will depend on the markets. Flows for asset management should be helped by continued client recruiting. So given everything – the net – we should have net inflows with recruiting. RJ Bank, we expect to continue loan growth, January was down a little bit, but I think if you look at the C&I markets and our Private Client Group markets, we see attractive loans at attractive margins. So my guess is, we'll see growth there and we're pleased with the credit quality and certainly rising interest rates as the portfolio reset should help too. So we think that'll be a tailwind for the Bank. Capital deployment, so we'll continue our buyback philosophy of looking at managing dilution but also opportunistic buybacks and we will be patient, but we will act when we have an opportunity. The full impact, as Jeff mentioned, of stock repurchases in terms of fully diluted shares will be seen next quarter. So that should be a tailwind too for the numbers. And we continue to aggressively look for acquisitions, yet progressive on the looking, but very disciplined on pulling the trigger on those. So Jeff also mentioned the first quarter market kind of headwinds on expenses, typically elevated especially like FICA and meeting fees, we have a big equity capital markets meeting in March which will hit this quarter. So I'm very optimistic really about our positioning. We are looking to manage our costs in these volatile markets, but still invest long-term in areas like technology and other areas that are important. So our recruiting is very attractive and we'll continue to look for acquisitions to deploy capital where they make sense. So with that…
Paul Reilly: So I would define our capital is less than it was a quarter ago as we've repurchased. Certainly, we have excess capital, we prefer to deploy it in acquisitions, and we are working hard on them. But I'll tell you that the pricing is important, we just don't, whether it's recruiting, a lot of firms have upped their front money and we just have not followed suit. So – and it's same in acquisitions. If we believe people are overpaying – I'm not referring to any particular acquisition, but we're going to hold back. So we're going to stay disciplined. We felt the stock was at very attractive price and have we not run out of 10b-5, part of that during the blackout period, we might have had more, but we're just going to stay disciplined. I don't think you're going to see a big change. We're going to opportunistically buy when it's a good price and be aggressive than when it's not, we're not going to do it, just to do it. So our preference has always been acquisitions. We do look at a lot and then when we find them we pull the trigger. So I don't see a big change in our approach. We just hope we've demonstrated we are willing to do it when we have the opportunity.
Paul Reilly: Now it's – we've said it's been elevated about $10 million and ish, so I don't know if that's a run rate means we'll get all $10 million or it's going to be $5 million or $6 million in the environment and our downturns in the industry tend to bring up more cases, so it's hard to model. But I think it's been running about $10 million higher than we thought, but I don't know if that – if I would credit the whole $10 million long-term, it's just too hard to tell.
Paul Reilly: So, on our firm clients own their books. So we don't – we don't. So typically on a planned retirement versus a death, which generally isn't planned, the advisor would sell their books or give their books to their team or to another advisor if they're selling their practice. So with those planned retirements, there's generally a succession and they're either – the succession has already started and the books are moving when the advisor officially retires or there is a sale and they get out of business. So most advisors will transition over time, but when they drop their registration and out, they come off our list, so there's no real change in economics to us, the buying advisor or the recipient advisor may have different economics or maybe paying the successor advisor, but there is no difference to Raymond James and that's usually the same. Hopefully, not all advisors have a catastrophic plan if it's unexpected or a retirement plan filed with us and those again would go to the successor advisors, and the economics would be the same to the firm. So we're not – we're not buying them and then reselling them, they're really – the advisors are essentially doing that.
Paul Reilly: Cash has been more limiting than capital but we're – I think we have pretty good cash and if you look forward give outside of given a severe downturn, cash will continue to build and capital will continue to build, so we're cognizant of that, of both in our looks to deploy capital. So I don't – I can't really give you a number on excess capital –
Paul Reilly: Yes. That business wasn't a large business and operated at a loss, but it wasn't a huge number. So I think you're – I couldn't tell you what they are off hand, but I don't really think they're big enough to impact your model.
Paul Reilly: European Research, European Equity Research was not a profitable business for us and we didn't have scale, especially in MiFID. The U.S. Research business in Europe is profitable, it's been there for decades. Again, not a huge number relative to the whole firm, but it's been a very good business and the European M&A businesses has been – is growing and hopefully we'll continue to grow that. So – but the European equities business, the part that we disposed of, was not a large number, and it wasn't profitable, but again not it numbers.
Paul Reilly: It could well come in at or below what last year fiscal year was. I mean, the biggest – a big swing factor in that is how much independent contractor production there is, we have that dynamic where there are more than 80% type payout level, which is distorting our comp ratio relative to peers, but if recruiting, which has been very good there, production is accelerating in the contractor side relative to the employee side, that distorts it to some extent as well as the mix of other revenues that come in. Right now the mix is such that it's going to be trending downward, we'll have this FICA impact as I mentioned this next quarter, but when we revise our targets, which we typically only really do annually rather than every quarter, we're giving you an outlook, but we typically only formally at the Investor Analyst Day kind of revise our outlook for the coming 12 months. I mean, it may go – well go down at that time.
Paul Reilly: Again, we can give you every prediction. We've been wrong since we started predicting. We do know, we've raised, we're near the top of about most categories. So we haven't been aggressive on this last increase because, so we think we're treating clients fairly. Having said that, spreads are records and positional money market funds are paying higher rates and that's going to be a competitive pressure. So we are going to react to the market, what we have to do to compete effectively and we've been surprised that the rate increases in the industry have been slower overall, but as you know for short-term cash if that's where clients want to put their money and we are not just going to raise rates to raise them, but I think we've been pretty disciplined. You see that we're – I think we've – we always get in trouble when we say what we think versus how we react. I mean, we are trying to be competitive and fair, but we're not trying to be leaders to support everybody along, which I think everybody thought we were going there. So we'll continue to be as disciplined as we have been and my suspect is that in time there's wide spreads, over time they get narrowed. So – but we'll see. I mean, it's slower than we thought.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so FA recruiting, again, I think the pipelines are robust. I think we're coming off a record year. So I'm not going to say after we set an all-time record that we can match it. We hope we beat it. But we're a little behind last year, but we see no reason why we still don't have robust recruiting. So I don't think flows certainly times where we have less recruiting in a quarter. The asset built maybe a little slower, although it takes advisors a while to bring over all their assets. So I don't think you see anything outside of a month that was down for the reasons we said and market volatility where people are more cautious. I think it's more of a short-term trend, we expect recruiting to have a very good year, may not beat the record of last year, but we still think it would be a very good year
Paul Reilly: Yes, so we've already – we can manage expenses just in a volatile market. We've kind of slowed down hiring of some positions. Although, we are still in a net add position which we have been already in this market, thus lowering the open positions and saying, what are we really need to drive the business long-term versus what's nice to have and we're going through that exercise. A big expense is IT and our position right now is where we are in the markets as those investments are going to be very positive to the future. So we want to do those. If the markets got much worse, we could delayed projects, certainly slow that down. Certainly, our bonuses and most of the people in the firm, including advisors who are tied to their production are certainly variable. So if results come off because of the market, certainly both headcount replacement and bonuses will be different than they are in good year. So there is some build in expense adjustments and we are modifying kind of some of the builds, but we're not doing anything at this point that I'd call really getting and cutting things that we think are strategic or long term.
Paul Reilly: I think also – we've also historically have performed very well in the downturn, so both and – I think our comp model is pretty variable and we're also fine because of our capitalization, have always found opportunities good prices. So we – it's more fun in the up times. But we're not afraid of managing through the down times. It's just not as much fun.
Paul Reilly: But we are continuing to grow the securities portfolio, as we've been doing. We're going to continue on that path, but probably not doing it via going out a little bit longer on the curve as Jeff just mentioned.
Paul Reilly: If we find the spread and opportunity, I would think it's a reasonable risk, we will, but we see no reason to do it. I think that our view right now being really aggressive is just borrowing against long-term earnings than moving them up short term, because you're taking the risk certainly as rates move up. So they will someday have idea but – and we're just – we just try to manage the business as neutral as we can.
Paul Reilly: So it's not brokerage accounts, lot of it are fee-based accounts just going to cash too, so we're still in fee-based accounts. And so there is no brokerage commission on that, it's just kind of reduction in the fees that we're paying. So just as more – as more and more gets into fee-based accounts, the activities getting fee-based and you just don't see it.
Paul Reilly: I think we can have growth with M&A, whether we have growth in underwritings and the government stays shut down, that would be hard to do. Now we don't have a – with now that we're coming off a huge number from last year, wasn't the best year for underwriting anyway , so – but certainly if it stays shut down, it's going to have an impact. There will be probably some catch-up with the markets reasonable that opens up but you know it's hard without the SEC not too many people are going to issue with them close.
Paul Reilly: Great. Okay. We know there is a lot of moving parts here, but I believe we have a strong quarter – we had a very good quarter in. Although there are choppy markets, I think we're in good position and we appreciate you joining in the call and we're going to get back to work. Thank you, John.
Jeff Julien: Let me add, if I can Paul, just two more quick comments for those doing modeling going forward. In the communication and info processing line, if you remember, there is a seasonal factor that I forgot to mention that in the March quarter, we always have our 1099 mailings and our year-end summary statements to clients and et cetera, et cetera. That generally adds about $2 million to that communication line in the March quarter. Just as a reminder, and Paul mentioned the meetings in the business development line, we've kind of given guidance that it's going to be between 45 and 50 lower at the beginning of the year, higher at the end of the year. I think we came in right on that, it should build as the year goes as to later quarters of our fiscal year are more replete with trips and conferences than the early quarters. In fact, this quarter we had almost none of that. So we do expect that expense line item to build as we've given guidance before throughout the year.
Jeff Julien: Yes, we kind of – we have a methodology, when we have claims come in, depending on the size, we put an initial reserve, and like – just almost like a bank loan. And then as we get in more information, we evaluate it and say okay, given legal advice and everything else, what do we think has been appropriate reserve. And we don't – we'd rather – we'd rather have it adequately reserved than non-reserved, so we try to stay ahead of it and that's hard to do. So, hopefully this is elevated, but I can't tell you it’s not, but we try to stay ahead of the cases that we know about and you don't know what's around the corner. But hopefully, these last couple of quarters have been elevated and we think it will go down some, but –
Jeff Julien: Let's not forget it's very material and we disclose that in the Qs. I mean, it's still in the neighborhood of $1 billion and which is kind of our target cash on hand at the parent level.
Jeff Julien: Chris, I think this is simple thing is just interest. Steve, I'm sorry, it's just interest. Interest doesn't have a really a comp cost to us, so the surprises have been as that's become a bigger part of the revenue, it's positively impacted that ratio.
Jeff Julien: It's not that we're not seeing C&I deal flow. It's just that, as Steve mentioned, we're just being really selective on which credits means spreads tightened during the quarter. They've since loosened again, but they tightened during the quarter, we’re not – they don't meet our hurdle rates or they're too levered or they're in industries we're not fond of et cetera. We passed and we still declined a significant percentage of loans that are introduced to us.
Jeff Julien: Since we have such a poor batting average, I'll give you my outlook. I would say if the Fed is really finished for now and short-term rates are where they are for the rest of this fiscal year, my guess is there will still be selective increases to client rates over the course of the year, which will bring spreads in a little bit from where they are today. Maybe not materially, but in a little bit.
Jeff Julien: On the other line, where we've got some significant degree of flexibility is in the business development and we can in really bad times, obviously we took steps to delay trip served conferences and things like that, but there's also some branding expenses and image advertising and things like that that we could make decisions on in that line item, every year as well. So there is some discretionary spend there and in IT and certainly in the administrative comp lines.
Jeff Julien: I know you mentioned that. We had that conversation yesterday in the Bank's ALCO meeting. I think that while there may be, first of all, we got to believe we're getting paid to do it. And right now, you go out an extra year or two, you're really not picking up much in the way of yield. But secondarily, we're low to go out for anything that has a lot of extension risk. So, while the securities portfolio weighted average life may tick up a little bit, we don't want the extension risk to tick up much because we could be wrong about rates just as we have been so far. So we're not really out to take much more duration risk than we already are in the company. It's not just our way to bet on rates one way or the other. So we will probably continue in my guess our fairly short-term ladder, we're certainly not going out long.
Jeff Julien: We just don't get paid to do it, I mean, there is a risk that rates keep going. I mean – someday I think may go – now rates may long – short rates may go to 5% or 6%, we don't know.
Jeff Julien: Well, I'll answer the last one first. We're about halfway to the $6 billion and again that we can accelerate or decelerate that as opportunities arise. But there's not, and no real magic to the timeframe or even the $6 billion amount if the opportunities present themselves to do something different. In terms of balance sheet growth, I think the cash balance swings around as client cash balances come into the firm and on balance sheet or go off balance sheet or out of the firm. It really has to do – the main driver of our total balance sheet growth has been net loan growth, which is projected to be maybe in the 8% to 9% per year in the – on the Bank's balance sheet, so $1.5 billion to $2 billion a year. And that's really where the growth is going to be, like I said, cash is in and out, it happens to be high at the end of December, but that's really going to be the driver right now of the overall firm's balance sheet growth.
Jeff Julien: Yes. I mentioned that earlier. We have the $5.75 billion that came in the December quarter, we had about $2 billion up through today flow back out, hardly…
Jeff Julien: I think you saw a little bit of that in the December quarter when you saw the business development expense line down below where we had guided at the 45 to 50 range. But because there's less movement in ACAT fees and headhunter fees and all the fees associated with that, it's – but it's only a only a minor setback, and there still was pretty good recruiting on the top line, it was just the retirements etcetera on the back side going out. So, but if it did truly slow down, you'd see a modest impact on that business development line, but that's not as big a factor in that line item as trips and conferences and some of the other bigger expenditures.
Jeff Julien: You got to remember also within brokerage revenues, Chris, it's not all transactional, the mutual funds are variable, annuities are market-based too, so the trailing commissions are negatively impacted in down equity markets.
Jeff Julien: Well, if you get a choppy market like this, you will see probably higher allocations to fixed income. So you're going to see probably a little lower fees plus the addition of the Scout Reams which is largely institutional fixed income as that becomes a bigger part of our assets under management. I think that's been a big reason for the lower trend to this point. And as – it depends on people's risk-on risk-off appetites for the most part and where we focused – where we're focusing our business, it's always historically has been a small mid cap equity operation for us and it's now certainly a bigger percentage fixed income.
Jeff Julien: I think over time what we've been recruiting larger and larger financial advisors and also have larger and larger clients and so on average in the fee-based accounts, if you have a larger account, it's going to have a lower yield. Now the absolute dollars are obviously higher, but the yield for larger accounts in fee-based are going to be on average higher than smaller accounts. I think that's a trend you've seen over time. And then the yields also impacted by the shift to cash as well. There is a billing mechanism that adjusts for certain levels of cash in fee-based accounts.
