Paul Reill: Steve, I think that’s still our target and may think that’s a little longer to get there than we had originally forecast. The reason is that pace of growth slowed down, if you remember, we had a pretty good size decline in cash balances from the end of March to the end of June. We talked about that last quarter, about $2.5 billion decline in cash balances, client cash balances, and we’ve got -- so we had a hard time or it would have been a little awkward with some of our bank relationships to ship that much dollars out of some of the other banks over to our own bank quickly. So we chose to do it on a more possible basis and we slowed the growth for securities portfolio intentionally in the quarter coupled with the fact that it became a higher and higher probability of yet another rate hike, which by given other short term and buying some of these fixed rate securities in the phase of rate hikes is something that you can be cautious about and base with the next rate hike is now all priced in. So we sort of resumed and also as you can see on the cash balances by the end of the quarter we have sort of fixed that. So the second half of the quarter we had a significant amount of cash balances on the bank’s balance sheet, but it started out the quarter very slow. But we are also being – we have very pretty tight parameters on what we’ll buy. Now at our core meeting yesterday, there is a fairly narrow band of the securities that really fill of our parameters in terms of extension risk and yield and being in the agency back where also you are taking any credit risk and the back to duration and things like that. So it’s kind of business starts a little bit on that. It’s not to going to I think to invest a fixed dollar amount every week or something like that. But the reason that it was slow was really because of at the beginning of the quarter the cash balances were – have not recovered until later in the quarter.
Paul Reill: I think for now right now that’s our goal where we get closer, but no, these securities turn over too. So as rates rise, they will turn. We have made $400 million a year in run off right now.
Paul Reill: So there is an awful lot of that’s mixed. So right now if you looked at our balance is growing of the PCG segments, it’s been the independent segment which has a much higher payout. So if that continues, I mean, they both are doing well and they come and go, but that’s going to skew payouts up. If this quarter we’re held by really big M&A volume, which is lower than our average payout, so that brought them down. There is so much delta in the mix that it’s really hard to come out with any other number. And we do have increasing comps with compliance and other things we continue to grow overhead…
Paul Reill: So in a really constructive market we do better absolutely, but we’re not planning on -- I didn’t plan on a 25% increase market this year. We’re not planning on it next year. But if it happens, we’ll certainly get the benefit of it.
Paul Reill: That’s correct. I think the question is certainly, yes, it is raised, caused some trading increases. But how long did they lap. I think the curve is still flat if they raise short-term rates while the tenure follow, I mean there is just a lot of questions. I think that business has done really well with double digit margins in a really tough environment. It’s down less than its competitors. It’s a great agency business, a big segment of the fixed income business as well as other financial institutions. And so, certainly that has its own dynamics of their own securities buying. So I don’t see an enough moment in the market to say that’s going to really bounce back, on the other hand when their down equities usually stay constructive. So if you had a really volatile fixed income market, I'm not sure the equity markets wouldn't be any give it back so for us. So that's the challenge, Devin.
Paul Reill: So for our mutual fund partners we've taken two steps. The first step is to make sure review all compliant. So we've renegotiated across the platform to make sure that we are complaint with DOL and I think we'll do that pretty much under revenue-neutral basis. So as we close them on the end of the year. And what we hold on the Step 2 that we would strategically look next year at what we're doing with the overall platform. I know it’s coming from the jump right into it. We feel that wasn’t fair to our partners and it really didn’t give us adequate time for advisors to do their planning. So we are finishing up with the negotiations with the contract to make sure we're compliant by year end during the transition period. Even if it's delayed we'll be in good shape. And which we expect the DOL to be delayed, but we will still be in compliant. And then step two, as we're looking to the overall who is paying what's their requirements and how we price it. That's going to be something we're looking at next year and the focus of our executive committee and board off sight actually.
Jeff Julien: So there has been no change in the strategy, it’s just look to kind of little delay this quarter were still on course.
Jeff Julien: Yeah, they’ve amortized about 25% a year, so it’s pretty quick turnover. I actually think that steepening yield curve may actually help banks loan spreads throughout it, but that remains to be seen.
Jeff Julien: Hey guys, it’s not just the rate hikes through the spreads that make a difference to us. I mean, if we could repeat a 17%-plus margin for next year, I think on an expanded revenue base, we would be pretty contemned with that in light of the expense growth that we have talked about that we have planned.
Jeff Julien: And we also had a full of all the compliance AML, risk management people that we have brought up for this year and we’re going to continue into that in terms of compliance of supervision staff.
