Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. As for outlook, we're extremely well positioned entering fiscal 2021 with strong capital ratios, and quarter-end records for client assets, and the number of Private Client Group financial advisors. However, we will face continued headwinds from a full-year of lower short-term interest rates, and there's still a high degree of uncertainty given the COVID-19 pandemic and upcoming Presidential and Congressional election. In the Private Client Group segment, our financial advisor recruiting pipeline is strong across all of our affiliation options, and the segment is going to benefit by starting the fiscal first quarter of 2021 with a 7% sequential increase of assets in fee based accounts. In the Capital Market segment, investment banking activity levels remain strong, and we're cautiously optimistic as long as the economic conditions don't deteriorate that will continue, and in fixed income, brokerage revenues remain strong thus far in October, but we've set a high bar to keep up with for next year. In the Asset Management segment, results were positively impacted by higher financial assets under management as long as the equity markets remain resilient, and Raymond James Banks will continue to benefit from the attractive growth in mortgages and securities-based loans to DCG clients. Given the high degree of uncertainty, we'll continue to be conservative and cautious of adding to the corporate loan portfolio, and we will be ready and willing to resume more significant corporate loan growth when the economic outlook is more certain. Our growth priorities remain unchanged. Our top priority is organic growth, which is primarily driven by retaining and recruiting advisors in the Private Client Group. And as I stated earlier, our annual organic PCG domestic net new asset growth of 6.5% in fiscal year 2020 has been best-in-class in the industry despite the COVID-19-related challenges. Additionally, we are continuing to add senior talent in our other businesses such as investment banking. We also continue to actively pursue acquisitions. We will still be deliberate and pursue only transactions that are a great cultural fit as well as a strategic and economic benefit. We are entering into more discussions than ever as we see the year-end coming closer and the economic uncertainty has brought more people to the table. As Paul Shoukry mentioned, we are still continuing to repurchase shares to offset share-based compensation dilution, and are prepared to increase repurchases as appropriate when the economic outlook is clearer. Before we open the line for questions, I want to thank all of our associates and advisors again for their invaluable contributions during these trying times. I'm incredibly proud of our accomplishments and their tireless efforts to support each other and our clients. We are entering fiscal 2021 well positioned in all of our businesses, and we have significant opportunities for continued growth. We have something special here at Raymond James, where we have the scale and scope of services to compete with the largest firms in the industry, while at the same time having this unique advisor and client-facing culture that's increasingly difficult to find in our industry. As long as we preserve that unique competitive advantage and advisor-centric attitude I am confident in our ability to generate relatively attractive long-term returns for our shareholders in any market. With that, Operator, I'd like to open it up for questions.
Paul Reilly: I think the other challenge is Private Client Group will have tailwinds with the 7% start in their asset base into the quarter, but obviously Capital Markets has very, very strong results, and [technical difficulty] quarter, I mean Capital Markets is lumpy by nature, closings are lumpy by nature. So it's just challenging to come with a number, but again, we're razor-focused on expenses. We've operated in that 14% to 15% margin when we had no help from interest rates not that many years ago, so in the same team. So we're focused on managing our expenses and on growth. So it's just hard to give guidance given the pandemic may impact loan loss reserves which will certainly impact the numbers or if companies pay to operate in our portfolio a lot they won't be elevated. So it's just too difficult to give a number.
Paul Reilly: I think that certainly the difference, as you saw the expense chart that Paul talked about earlier. So they're managing expenses very tightly. So it's certainly we see this year on an apples to apples basis that growth, as Paul said, [indiscernible]. So we're managing it very tightly. Now, if the economy opens up and there's more business development conference, then certainly that will impact expenses, but I can see the expenses of managing down before the pandemic by the results last year and the expense from the reduction in force really benefit starting this quarter. So I think you're going to see tighter, much better business expense management given the environment, just as we, years ago, in a zero rate environment.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think our priorities on M&A haven't changed, versus we've focused on Private Client Group as an area of where it's our main business. That there aren't a lot of opportunities generally in that space there that moves the needle in our type of wealth management business, but that certainly are active there, and are proactive reaching out, and then, at the same we continue to grow that business organically through recruiting and through strategic niche acquisitions and certainly are looking there. And asset management is also an area we've looked to add to the products and opportunities. So those are the areas we focused on, but we're open [technical difficulty] and actually improve our businesses and strategically will have a long-term impact. We aren't looking at deals for size. So, there's been [technical difficulty] in the market that's really just a, I call it financial engineering or lower revenue or advisor or -- you know, we're looking at really staying true to our core businesses and growing and expanding our -- those offerings, not just being bigger for bigger sake.
Paul Reilly: This can be -- and that's a very complex question. So I mean in terms of we -- we've long-term if you talk about customer evaluation metrics as go up to repurchase. The difference right now is the environmental outlook, which is hard to see. So there is a lot of -- and there's also a lot of negative implications the regulators look [indiscernible] around share repurchases, and so there's, I'll call it, public interest in share repurchases. So we're at a time right now where as we look at wave two, which is obviously hitting the country, is when do we think we're through that, and that we want capital, not just for defensive purposes, but we also believe that there is a more difficult economic times as we've seen in this period, drag out longer more interest in people doing things. So that's going to be a judgment call. It's not clear what's going to happen in these next couple of quarters with the pandemic, and so, until we get a view on that, that we think we can get solid economic returns off that, we're going to hold back to make sure that we have plenty of capital to be defensive and offensive. So, I [technical difficulty] answer on it.
Paul Reilly: And a lot of that [technical difficulty] -- the big numbers in conferences and things that have been postponed that we don't see really coming certainly, we've moved back everything to the first-half of the year, but our Chairman's reward trips, our educational conferences are important to us and our culture, but those will resume at some point, but we don't see them coming in these next few quarters. And [through this in] [ph] recruiting, we have a lot of deferred recruiting, we have a lot of commitments that are pushed back join dates because of COVID, and when that breaks through, I think we expect a very, very robust recruiting, but I don't think that recruiting line in itself is a big driver of short-term business development expenses.
Paul Reilly: I can just tell you it's been pretty broad based. Our largest groups, tech services, and real-estate have continued to perform well -- continue to perform well, and I think their backlogs are very strong, as well as banking across all of our sectors, as you can see from the industry is up. So, I would say our top performing sectors have continued to outperform and the other sectors are having good years also. So, it's pretty broad based, and if you look at backlog for -- backlog is not any good unless a deal closes, it's very, very strong. So, again, we've seen deals shut-off and we've seen deals accelerate, and I don't know if there'll be a rush at the end of the year if there's presidential and congressional changes, and anticipated tax rate changes, whether that rush those deals to close at year-end. So, it's just hard to tell, but I can just tell you the activities is broad based.
Paul Reilly: We are starting to see some corporate opportunities, what looks like decent spreads and some flows and some you go through cycles, and so what that continues or strengthens, I don't know, but again, I agree with Paul, we're going to be cautious on those. We are staying on the flow and looking at those opportunities.
Paul Reilly: So, the color on recruiting it or we look and recruiting is great across all of our affiliation options from employee independent to the RA channel. So, we've been very pleased that the growth in all three. I'd say recruiting has been broad-based as much as we focus southwest where we've continued to gain momentum. There's still a lot of recruiting going in places where we're strong, like the Midwest and other areas. So it's a very broad base. The wirehouses continue to be the primary contributor to our recruiting pipeline although there are other firms where we through periods of time also get, but it's mainly wirehouse-driven, and the recruiting outlook looks very, very good, and [technical difficulty] pipeline looks very strong, and again, a part of that is due to the deferrals, especially in the employee channels. Our branches had been closed. They're open now, but a lot of the folks during that period of time did want to move into a closed branch. So the employee lagged a little bit too independent channel during this last year, but we're seeing activity across all the channels then.
Paul Reilly: I'm sorry if you guys haven't noticed the investment because we plotted them there, but a focus on growing the M&A business acquiring a firm in Europe, which has been terrific. A few years ago, that's really added to our cross border, adding a lot of very, very senior bankers in healthcare and other areas and looking at boutiques and tuck-insurance, and so, I think both the environments good as we got through earnings releases by everybody, but the reason that our numbers are so good, we've invested in the bankers that have made a big difference, and we'll continue to, so especially in M&A where we're probably under size, given our size and our great capital market strengths, we will continue to invest particularly in that area hopefully, given the rest of the business and our good research. We can continue to grow that.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so Devin, it's complicated. So first, the world always seems to turn when parties change. So, despite the changes, and we have to, we all compete in the same environment, so we feel very comfortable competing in whatever that environment is. So I think that if there is Congressional and Presidential party change that certainly axes are the ones that will be I mean, I think in most businesses shouldn't have a huge impact, the business will go on, our tax credit business will probably benefit from it. Higher the tax rate, more value of those credits, and I think Low Income Housing will still be a target for the administration. So I think relative unless tax rates go totally crazy that the world will go on. So regulatory, we always monitor regulatory change, and even with what is considered a business friendly White House, we've had some pretty big regulatory changes with Reg BI, and so I think you're talking about matters of degree. Could there be tweaks to that? Yes, it doesn't look like the number one platform of the Democratic nominee is seeking regulatory reform. So it really more counselor who's put into the offices and a number of the key ones, but people are in those positions for a couple of years, even after the Election. So they usually set the tone on enforcement and other things. So I don't think there's going to be a short-term impact no matter what the Election is longer-term, certainly there could be. So, I think it's all speculation, we were the states, you always worry about individual states, because it makes the business very complex, and most of those changes not come forward that the major contracts or business, so it's a no, but we will compete whatever the environment is, and whatever the rules are.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say that, first maybe there was the risk and we're not playing anymore. So, last time we really had any reduction was after nine and after -- couple years after the Morgan Keegan acquisition where we did a small one, but we waited a couple of years trying to get everybody employed. So, I think that's behind us. So, there's nothing of that size. But, we are managing infrastructure spend, technology spend. You go across the board, we are still looking at how do we get more efficient and continue bringing cost. We have a big service initiative going on as we believe we are at high service levels. So, we want to increase those from an advisor standpoint. We look at areas not only become better at services, but be more efficient which is longer-term project. So, they are all very expensive, but there's no big needle movers as the reduction of force.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I would say that first, everyone -- since I have been in this business, everybody asks that question. It's always competitive, right. So, sometimes players change. Sometimes even people say they are getting out of the market and recruiting may get out for a quarter or two and they are right back in. So, it's always been competitive, and firms change or firms that have done better who are paying lot of money relative to what we pay for transition assistance, and I think we have kind of kept our great balance of being fair to the people coming over and having them come over for the environment. So, we get out of it sometimes, yes. But, that's not new for us, but what we believe is we offer the best home and the best tools and the best platform. So, it's competitive out there. It's -- and sometimes it's more competitive in the independent channels. People get aggressive. The employee channel I think in this quarter or two, people have really kind of been more aggressive in what they are willing to pay, and we continue to sell our long-term value proposition. So, it's always competitive. And we've done pretty good at this for a long time now. So, we are keeping our focus and very happy with the great teams we are bringing in.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we are focused on our growth first, and we've had that division for a long time. We felt that eventually with enough regulatory change, I think BI was one with an acceleration of movement, which we saw before June 30 and somewhat slowing down now, but the RIA channels in the past is growing, percentage was the highest in the industry for a long time. So, the move was really just to consolidate the scale of the businesses the custodial business and they are much more related than they are not. So, we wanted to combine them to make sure that we have more size and scale to focus on that for management there.
Paul Reilly: Well, thank you all for joining us. So, we know that harder jobs like ours are predicting what's going to happen. Remember a lot of years where we could just kind of draw a line and look at turns and pretty much tell you what was going to happen. And certainly that's not this environment right now. So, we'll try to give you as much guidance as we can when we think we can see it. We don't want to make up numbers or make up things to just to help you putting a modal that don't have a base. So, I think with the outlook, it's more difficult. Having said that, I think you can see the commitment to expense reduction that we talked about. You can see comparing to your last year, it's certainly better this year, and we are really focused on growth. We've still been focused on growth, and the one thing if you really manage your expenses and continue to grow, you get pretty good financial results. So, we think long term, we are doing the right thing. We've got the focus, and as we get more clarity, we will try to give it to you, and hopefully [indiscernible] soon, we can give you better targets when we could in the middle of this hopefully not a bad second wave of the pandemic, but thank you all for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, like you said, a lot of moving parts. Obviously the record results in Capital Markets was generated, I think, at 26% margin, certainly less than the firm's overall margins, and that's just a high bar going forward. And then business development expenses, obviously still subdued given the COVID-19 pandemic, and the provisions are elevated -- hopefully they're elevated, hopefully they get better going forward as we have more economic certainty. So a lot of puts and takes, which is why it's hard to give you guidance here near-term. What I can tell you is if you look historically at our pretax margin, last time we were in a kind of near-zero rate environment, we were generating roughly a 15% type pretax margin. Now, we're entering this period with higher recruiting results coming into this period, so that leads to higher transition assistance amortization. I think the impact of that relative to that period of time is about 100 basis points. So we're not really ready to give targets yet, but if you just do that math it gets you to about a 14% to 15% type pretax margin. But again, that could be two years out, I mean depending on market conditions.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think we still want to be more exposed to the short end of the curve than the long end of the curve just given the floating rate nature of our deposit. So we did grow securities substantially, but then if you think about our balance sheet priorities in terms of where we want to grow the bank, the first priority would be growing loans to Private Client Group clients, both mortgages and securities-based loans, really because it has a two-pronged benefit. The first is it helps us strengthen -- our advisors strengthen their relationships with their clients with really what's a competitive mortgage and securities-based loan offering, and it also generates a very good risk-adjusted return for the bank. So it's sort of a win-win, which is why that's the highest priority, and it fortunately has been growing pretty consistently at an attractive rate. Our second priority typically is growing the corporate loan portfolio, but obviously given the pandemic that we're in the midst of we've actually been selling loans, as you know. And we're going to be very selective in adding new loans that are less exposed to the COVID-19 pandemic, and then really our third priority is growing the securities, particularly now when the incremental yield you get for the duration exchange is paltry relative to the risk return tradeoff. So, we're going to do that all in the context of trying to keep the bank's standalone Tier 1 leverage ratio at around 7.5%, give or take, which is where it is now after we've grown the securities portfolio right around 7.5%. Now, we could always -- we have a lot more capital. We have a 14% ratio at the firm overall, so we could always contribute more capital to the bank if one of those three categories of assets at the bank generates higher volumes and attractive risk-adjusted return. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. So while we have a lot of capital and cash capacity to grow the bank more rapidly, given where we are in the midst of this COVID-19 pandemic I think we're going to be very patient in deploying that capacity.
Paul Shoukry: That's probably an oversimplification. I think we'll just grow it sort of as we have excess capacity to grow the bank's balance sheet relative to the loan growth.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think what I said in my prepared remarks was that the reduction in would workforce would benefit the compensation ratio and the pretax margin, all else being equal, which it never is, but all else being equal would benefit those two metrics by about 100 basis points starting in the fiscal first quarter of 2021.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean the business development cost down 58% I think year-over-year just reflects a lack of travel, client-related activity relative to normal activity level. So, I would expect as we get through the COVID crisis for business development cost to -- expenses to get much closer to where they were, maybe even going back to the first quarter of the fiscal year even with that elevated recruiting, but again, it will all depend on how much recruiting we do going forward, but I would say certainly this quarter's number was very low.
Paul Shoukry: I think it's possible, especially depending on the growth in the Private Client Group loans, the securities-based loans, I think we hope to still continue growing that over 10% and the mortgage growth has been pretty strong as well. So that's certainly possible. I think, what we're trying to do going forward is if you look at the slide that shows the combined interest, net interest income and the BDP fees from third-party banks, so you have to really look at it on a combined basis. What we're hoping is that this quarter I hate to call a trough because you never know, but certainly the short-term rates has sort of been fully reflected in the loan portfolio, all the floating rate loans, almost all of them have reset, and so, we hope to grow that number from this point forward assuming cash balances remain relatively resilient at the current levels. So that's the hope, but again if we don't grow loans this year as much as we can given our capacity for our cash and capital capacity then they all just give us more dry powder for the next year, and we're going to grow loans, especially the corporate loans, when we're comfortable with the sort of economic environment and the lack of certainty -- there's less uncertainty than there is now and we're looking at this. We're making long-term decisions. So if it takes two years to get to that level of comfort, then we'll have more dry powder then and that rate of growth will be higher than if we don't grow it as much this year. So, we're going to be patient and make the best decisions based on what we know in the economic environment.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, Kyle, you are right on with your kind of estimate on the yield. It's right around -- just under 1% for sort of the three-year type duration, and in terms of the decision whether to buy back shares or grow the portfolio, we have enough capital frankly to do both if we're comfortable doing both. So, we have a lot of capacity and flexibility and certainly the ability to do both just as we have been over the last couple of years.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think I get a lot of variables in terms of the capital, the returns that we are getting on assets of the funding with cash. And frankly what the demand is from third-party banks, which was very high in March when these banks were seeing revolver draws. They needed cash to cover those draws. And since then, a lot of those revolver draws have been paid back and the banking system is generally flushed with cash right now. So, we are on a net basis seeing -- some banks still want that cash. But on a net basis, the demand is diminishing. So, that's really benefit of having a bank in our business. It gives us a lot of flexibility, and the demand from third-party banks continue to diminish and things continue to recover in the economy, and we have good risk adjusted returns in the assets of the bank and investment them, and we would be comfortable putting large portion of those cash balances on the balance sheet so long as it doesn't compromise the client's ability to get the maximum FDIC coverage. We are one of the few firms that offer up to $3 million for joint account of FDIC coverage through our waterfall program. And so, it gives us a lot of flexibility to continue growing the balance sheet.
Paul Shoukry: We took the vast, vast majority of the associated expense in that $46 million this quarter. So, I don't think that there will be any meaningful numbers kind of going forward related to the reduction in force in terms of cost. And then in terms of -- PCG is our largest business. Most of the support cost, control cost, risk management cost gets allocated to PCG, but I think the reduction was fairly broad based in terms of the businesses. So, I think you'll just see it on a consolidated basis in the administrative compensation line item in each business. But private client group business is by far the largest consumer of that administrative expense.
