Jeff Julien: Those are multiple fronts. We're continuing the overtime build the securities portfolio and that plan hasn’t changed. We continue to buy more securities. Again, more conservatives and kept the duration very short. So, we do go have a board offsite and in a month and in February and we will discuss capital deployment at that meeting whether it to be the bank and some of the opportunities and not so. We continue to look at potential acquisitions, I think we're very disciplined. We focused really in M&A space, so we did an acquisition in Europe for merger for an M&A business and have looked at other opportunities. And we've looked in asset management even though we know the markets challenged, we believe there are certain segments of the business that active management still valued and we continue to analyze those. So, we keep looking at capital deployments that offer the right opportunities.
Jeff Julien: And the balances. The balances we deployed pretty quickly into the suite programs and other vehicles. So, that there -- so the assets are pretty much, that part of it's optimized at this point in time. So, I don’t think there's a lot to begin there, like the game going forward is going to be from rate changes and shreds, not from further deployment of the assets.
Jeff Julien: Yes. This type of conversion we did here when we mapped all the Wrap fee accounts mapped over to our asset management platform and the cash mapped over to suite progress. There wasn’t as all we're bringing in on advisor by advisor and they had a mega bunch of elections and then things moved after the fact. And this was all done pretty much on conversion day September.
Jeff Julien: Yes, that's we had -- a lot of it is driven by a particular issue. But that rise we said three main list, what we call above normal, that it doesn't mean there can't be other charges or other cases or issues that come from time-to-time. But that certainly, most of that incremental rise which itself what I call historical what we expect run rates. But there are challenges and that can bounce up and down.
Jeff Julien: I don’t remember that say. I remember that we were at 16, I remember at the last half of last year was our -- or again.
Jeff Julien: Yes. I mean, I don’t think that's an unreasonable goal. There are a lot of factors at play obviously and the market being the biggest one. But based on where everything is right now, again this quarter would have been significantly different without the elevated legal charges which is a pre-tax item. But we had some other things going in the other way as well with the bank loan loss provision and private equity gain. So, but it wouldn’t have been way off, so with this additional rate hike, it really adds $15 million to $20 million per quarter going forward. And if we get equity capital markets and that's quite a fund and others back to what we call more normalized margins and levels. Do I think that's attainable this year? Absolutely. Do I think I would take it to the bank? There are too many things that can happen to be that certain about it. But based on the dynamics of what we got in place, absolutely, that's a reasonable target.
Jeff Julien: I think Steven, when you talk about the guidance for the Alex Brown contribution, you have to look at both the NII and the account service fees for the cash that left off the balance sheet to third party banks that going impact accountant service fees not interest income.
Jeff Julien: We have talked before that it's not going to be accretive to the PCG segment but you got to understand that they brought significant assets into the asset management segment. They have also introduced loans of all types through our bank so they are radiating throughout the rest of the organization even if those results aren't measured specifically in the private client group. The only thing that's really left of magnitude is one or more two real estate moves that they have to accomplish that they’re going to have in a period of time post close to vacate certain premises currently under Deutsche Bank under leased. So net-net, I think we are little better certainly retention where we thought we would be. Revenue would nay be little more challenge given last year just because of the markets and syndicates and everything else. But I think we are probably ahead on the people side and everything combing along. It's just these integration take a few years to really get out and running and Morgan Keegan was no difference and it's been accreted and we have got work to do on Alex Brown, great group of people. I think they are settling in well and we just need to keep working at it.
Jeff Julien: This is the debate that I think a lot of people our view of excess capital is different in most. This is broker dealer space versus financial. There is a lot more of liquidity, risk and demands and so we tend to keep extra liquidity and it's looks dump until you hit 09 or period then you look smarter than you are which is just conservative base. The banks certainly has leverage in the securities portfolio of the leverage capital just because the capital charge is low, both regulator like the liquidity and the security portfolio because they believe it's a secured type of environment because the agencies government oriented short term are less concerned about that investment than we would be if they were longer term or more risky securities. So yet, we have room yes in our capital base but it's not as extreme as I think other people think.
Jeff Julien: We have got a little over $40 billion in the bank this week program and we don't want more than half of that going through our own bank and our banks currently a little under $15 billion. So we have got $5 billion run way in that constraint.
Jeff Julien: Impact on some of our businesses. Tax credited funds or tax exempt landing at the bank has been municipal bond trading that – all those businesses will be impacted.
Jeff Julien: We have changed it to a little low lever declines payout than our ultimate our original target of the 60:40 split and we are basing pretty much what we are seeing in the competition. Our strategy there is to stay at the kind of the top of the group and we are there already. No one else has moved since the Fed rate maybe one other party had moved but the rest have straight ones and twos all the way down in terms of basis points what they are paying to clients and all level. These are advertised rates. We moved twice from the old rates move and the first rate move and once now from this one we are – our lowest rate is comparable to government money market fund rates and if they are higher cash balances or higher client relationships balances I should say we have been our system the rate scale up from there so at some point I think it's at the very front loaded game which is now how we thought was going to be. And so we are recovering our most of our spread before we start passing through the clients at this point of time and candidly that maybe the new model firms may end up keeping more of the interest spread to help pay for regulatory compliance legal these other cost IT better out there. It may just be a new dynamic in the model from what in place prior to the economic crisis back in 08 and 09 I mean that was bit, we maybe in a little bit different environment but so to answer your question, is yes we are changing that and we are expecting to keep a little bit more of the spread than we had originally intended.
Jeff Julien: Yes. But I would say tangible part is our advisers and our retention is viewed on a environment of being straight to them and our client so I agree we don't say we are paying too more basis points to your medium accounts. It brings people over but I do think the additive of pureness and equity to advisers and clients is the big reason people stay here and that is – it isn't just that it's the piece of it and that story is a piece of it. So we try to be very balanced and we are not way ahead of market but we are ahead for that reason.
Jeff Julien: Yes, Grant told us about $46 billion but there is fair amount of that $5 billion or $6 billion in various types of stage specific money market funds and things like that and then about $40 billion in the banks suite.
Jeff Julien: I think part of it is recruiting certainly large, our recruiting has gotten larger I would say, we tend to have more fee-based and their platforms so that impacts. The other thing and mainly the part of this is DOL we had a lot of other more accounts for advisers as we looked at the rules just said they were getting out of commission accounts because as we look at the deck and everything else just they [indiscernible] demand manage in our fee-based platform. We did open up a smaller account kind of solution fee-based to help advisers and there has been a lot of that movement there too. So it's just and it's kind of across the board.
Jeff Julien: There seems to be it's hard to recruit at those levels and certainly there has been supplemented by not huge acquisitions but meaningful both of Alex Brown and 3Max joining us but recruiting pipeline looks very good. And there seems to be a changing landscape year or two or one or two firms or people are now happy with the circumstances there whether strategy or movements or grader pushing out small accounts or something we have got a large flow in it and it is continuing right now so we think it happens for ever no, maybe there is cycles but it still looks very good for this year.
Paul Reilly: Just to be clear, Devin, and growing the securities portfolio in the bank is not particularly capital intensive. The kind of securities we're buying are governments and agencies typically that are 20% risk where it didn’t rather acquire a whole lot of capital growing the loan portfolio more quickly, other things would be more capital intensive.
Paul Reilly: Look at those businesses to remind you because the amount of retention were all the advisors really coming over have retention on both of those deals that it's really not going to help TPG margins, it's going to challenge them in a short term. But from a firm standpoint, certainly the cash and very active lending business and very high network plans is going to have a positive impact on that side. So, Alex Brown is really settled in now and starting they're recruiting to fill up their offices. So, it's going to take some time as we set during the acquisitions that really make it accretive.
Paul Reilly: Well, I don't think there is a lot of difference. Tom sitting next to me and he is, can’t say we really thank. He is hard bound client focused and what we are doing is, founding board so I would actually think it's the genius move by Tom to give me more work but he still get around too what he did before. So it's been a team effort and I don't think that will change though Tom is spending little more time as we see him in staff but he is in the office every day. So the dynamics this has been a shift 09 from the day Tom has asked me to come in to slowly moving stuff over and I think we will see still it’s slow move and hopefully by five years from now you will be asking me the same question and it's just a more natural transition so it's all hands on deck and it's been a transition has been happening over a seven years and I think textbook one, so far this is what I think the succession planning does and I will have to go through at some point too and hopefully I can do it half as well as Steve has. So I don't see any dramatic change and certainly not strategy or anything else.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so Alex Brown we are not really projecting 10% margin target for a while and it's really due to a number of factors first and it's something we have talked about whether we should publish acquisition retention and give you guys more insight. We have every one of those advisers on the retention package so without that good margins, with that you really stop the margin. So it's going to be a long process over a number of years for that part of the business to hit those targets. Certainly there are some bigger swings and parts of that business on when transactional volumes come out because of the semi-institutional ultra-high network the family office type of business that has impact when that type of business is up and we got to recruit, sell the branches we had to move out of every location or slip locations and we added room for recruiting and we are just recruiting takes a while we are going to get people through the pipeline. So you shouldn't look at the business in the short term having the margins, we looked at the long term strategic investment and we want to be profitable we don't want to do things, we don't think we are going to make money on though, we have got a lot of work to do still to get it there.
Paul Reilly: I think from a regulatory perspective the tier one leverage ratio would be the one that trips first, but we have got internal constrains so we have talked about before that would trip even earlier that percentage from capital that we have want to have allocated to the banking segment as well as the percentage of client cash deposits that we want in our own institution. So those would actually trip even before the regulatory ratios would trip.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think there is the chance there but we’re discussing with our board meeting about allocations. So, yes.
Paul Reilly: Well, they are all good and challenging. I don't see drastic changes but I think the discussions and the challenges are all good and again if you this is the balance certainly lot of things we could do to raise earnings very quickly in the short term I am not sure it's good for shareholders in the long term. So we keep that balance of making sure that now we have looked at acquisitions and other things that would make the number look very good short term but we asked ourselves long term is that a good returns for shareholders and we are reminded all time it's not our money and we are investing other people's money. Some of it is because we are shareholders but we try to keep that balance, the boards challenging us and I mainly look for to our offsite it's a lot of work and a lot of challenging but it's very good discussion.
Paul Reilly: I know a lot of people said that they think that the lower tax rate will pass it through the loans spreads, I don't know if that's the case. We are certainly more diversified than that. 10% drop in the tax rates what $90 million somewhere there. And if you did some math somewhere in that range so I don't know we get arbitrated away or not. I certainly, our portfolio is a piece of our business, big numbers but it's certainly diversified across the businesses and a lot of people focus on the rate but how you define that income taxable incomes are important too and what deductions are there or not there so there is a lot first they got to get through Congress, and secondly we don't know what it is but we focus on the headline rate. So…
Paul Reilly: Certainly yes. And then, you got the onetime net charge for the deferred tax assets too. So there is pretty complicated topic until it's hard for us overtime. So honestly we look at that but we spend most of our time making sure we are running our core businesses well and the things that we don't have in control we left about although we do look at what the impact would be.
Paul Reilly: As we sit here today and favor to lower rates effective immediately by 10 percentage points from 35 to 25 our deferred tax asset revaluation were offset most of our first year benefit from the lower range than we obviously benefit pretty much on a straight pass through basis going forward depending on the impact on our businesses.
Paul Reilly: Although it hasn't changed our long term philosophic view of sharing with clients. So I think the question overtime is how do you get there what happens to money market funds given all the things that have happened to money market funds what happens to rate. But as the future regulations and sometimes regulation comes, money market funds maybe more competitive in rates go up so there is a lot of dynamics there and impacted but we ultimately believe we have responsibility to share with clients but we want to be also competitive in the rise and be deliberate in our rate. So I think we are through a transition period right now for this year.
Paul Reilly: It's hard to say I mean we are talking about basis points here. It's not, we are not talking about huge dollars on a per account basis. So I don't think it gives us a huge competitive advantage in the recruiting world. It certainly puts the economic disadvantage so I don't think it's – it's not something that recruiter live with let’s put it that way.
Paul Reilly: It might be too early to say I would say. People are optimistic and scared at the same time so the only thing we could see is the little bit more movement of fee based accounts so I guess I can't tell you. Certainly it's been a better equity flows if you look at mutual funds it's not just us. It's certainly some field actions only the positive versus more positive versus the previous trends but I think it's still early days and I would say only a very slight risk but it's not a significant shift.
Paul Reilly: The M&A activity a big impact it seems like it's still going well. I think the biggest challenge if you look at structural challenges the market is just the rise of private equity and companies thinking regulatory burden too much to go public and the private equity versus IPO market when you look at the close to 12 year, lower or something and IPOs has been impacted by that when you get companies as big as Snapchat, Facebook. They get evaluations where they go public it's just the private equity as they lower cost less feasible alternatives and so I think that's impacted kind of the IPO and what the other thing is it's impacted secondary’s as the balance sheet and bought deals. So it makes it much more difficult to compete so I think the sheer of the market is gone down because of that we are bullish I think we are saying off December number we think there is the positive trends as we have already been book runner in the couple of IPOs and we see something in the pipeline but I don't know how real buzz that business is what the impacts going to be. I do think that regulatory change if and when it's coming if it favors capital formation, if it takes regulation off of IPOs and stuff may help that market but that's – that remains to be same. I think that part of the reform hasn't come up after tax rate, law and all sorts of other stuff has seen to be in front of that. But that's the special…
Paul Reilly: Yes. I am not really in liberty to talk about really kind of those changes. We have highlighted some potential ones to advisers but frankly we are waiting really on the rule if it's coming or not before we pull the trigger on them, and I believe that there are something in the rule but and looking at the rules we said we could do this better where this makes sense or other parts that we think is just a burden to clients and we take advice and frankly waiting. So it's just as we have been slow to announce our changes not because we didn't want to tell people what we were doing but we certainly didn't want clients and our advisers to go through the pain of doing things to undo it. We are lucky maybe but so far we have been right and we are still not ready to kind of push that out with advisers till we know and I think there is more and this is going to be delayed so we are waiting to see first of if there is a delay although we are -- to go if there is and second if there is delay and changes are made we certainly don't want advisers to make changes they didn't have to make or to go back and undo them with clients. So we are in a analysis mode which we have been in for a long time.
Paul Reilly: I would say that we are looking out – we would still think kind of low double digits intended 12% would be kind of good annualized run rate. Our product suite is just changed ever since slightly. We are doing some larger mortgage loans to ultra-high network clients not only in the Alex Brown channel but in general we have been recruiting more productive advisers that are dealing with larger families or more families so that product has changed just ever since slightly. So the loan growth of the last quarter was around 4% once again it's little bit opportunistic the corporate loan market in particular is the most volatile part of the business. We have seen periods when and right now as a matter of fact since the election the corporate market has gotten extremely aggressive. We have seen some pricing, the secondary markets have looped up probably 100 basis points in price so we have taken other periods, pull back to be more aggressive when we think rates and the risk relative is and the rates are more attractive but in general I think 10% to 12% is a good number going forward.
Paul Reilly: Deposits in the bank right now are about $15 billion from the banks suite program and they have to continue to draw on those balances as to support the growth of the loan and/or securities portfolio.
Paul Reilly: Possibly may not I wouldn't say materially from that I would vary it materially from the previous guidance based on that.
Paul Reilly: Geography and the financial there is a shift from a commission based account to fee-based account is that the most of the revenues stayed in the same line item than the commission and fee line item to the advisers. There is a small piece when it goes to a rap fee account it goes to the asset management segment for the administration of the account. In terms of the overall magnitude it just depends on what the account was generating on a commission basis versus what the fee is that's assigned to that account but geographically not a big change in the statement but since you brought that up we will point out that we did also set a record high for recurring revenues this quarter at 68.75% so closing in 70% of our revenues that we could call recurring fee type revenues.
Paul Reilly: I would say that net growth of 350 headcount without acquisitions just mean, brick by brick recruiting and training programs. I think would be a little bit of stretch for us but that's a lot of bodies to recruit but it's certainly doable.
Paul Reilly: I can't say what other people would do. I can tell you what the market dynamic has been ironically we have all historically specifically versus larger firms offered less front money transition of system. It's with the DOL proposed rules most of the major firms drop their back end bonus which was the significant delta between ours and theirs and we haven't changed ours so in a way we have become more competitive we have always based ours on what we thought was the fair reasonable returns to the firm and fair to the adviser so we have been very competitive. There is some indications they maybe raising there a little more. But I think it's below as it was year ago but this is the highly competitive market. It has been a highly competitive market. It continues to be. So right now I think the dynamics are still positive and are in favor based on technology kind of the culture we have created here and so we still have a lot of demand I don't know how that changes. Last year we certainly you could make more money going to other firm up front that was certainly the highest but we did pretty well and it's a positive we lose some people that we would like to get but net people come for the right reasons when they are not coming just for the check they are going for the environment I think it's a positive to the people we are trying to recruit.
Paul Reilly: Yes I think that certainly all regulations and even has an impact and first we should be regulated. I mean we are regulatory industry that has other people's money and regulation it's not negative I think the amount and type is important. We get a lot of discussions about regulatory enforcement where there is not rule there is interpretation of rules so I think any time there is clarity, it makes it better for everybody and some of that reforms would be helpful. It does have some positive impacts and certainly changes the private equity and investments all sort of things not as big as us as other people so the regulatory cost is continued to go up for everyone if that moderates that would be a positive but regulation alone in and go away. We do believe that maybe there are areas that should be modified and DOL again but I believe well intended business and advise and that's one example and there some other areas too.
Paul Reilly: Great. I appreciate everyone joining the call today and hope we could give you little more clarity than we maybe did in the release on some of the numbers and we are very positive and on the future and where we stand today and look forward to talking to you next quarter. Thank you.
