Paul Reilly: So first from an advisory standpoint, we will be leveled fee in those accounts. So we will be moving -- but that we're already there and our employee division and we will have to move there on fee-based accounts for our independent contractors. So we believe that the -- we're lots of discussions with our partners that we think most of the revenue impact if any will be pushed off into next year as we get through the transition fiscal year '18. So on the DOL impact, so that's hard to quantify; and I believe that to the best of our knowledge right now that in our operating technology in operations kind of cost guidance that we have the cost of that transition building for next year or so. So we'll see more as we go. But also the DOL is going to release the questions -- answered the questions that they've talked about releasing in the summer -- so late summer this year has been warm around the country. So we expect those times to -- and that maybe some weeks -- some of our response but we fully expect to offer a range of options for advisors to help their clients.
Paul Reilly: We're staying mainly with all agencies in the short-term. So our portfolio will probably be more short-term.
Paul Reilly: Unfortunately Alex Brown -- actually for the month it was been because the amortization starts hitting but it's not going to provide -- it's going to provide some pressure on the margins because it's more of a breakeven business before we -- on our internal accounting. So that's how allocate cost between advisor retention and costs -- but it generates a lot of activity, both in the bank and the cash sweep and other things that make up a good investment. And we've got great advisors, so the -- we don't -- we think that both 3Macs and Alex Brown, if anything we'll put a little pressure on the margin, the other way.
Paul Reilly: I think our whole philosophy is to offer kind of products -- roughly flexibility with clients and advisors. And I know that others believe they want to put them totally on fee-based platform and they are pushing them that way. And then when you do that you do get some misallocations where you discount. I -- we're not looking to force anyone under any platforms. So with the pick [ph] or maybe some more limitations in that we have to make sure that everything complies but our goal isn't to force someone onto a platform and kind of lower the fees and induce it. And I'm not saying there is anything wrong with that but it's not our strategy; our strategy is to offer the flexibility. So our pricing is not done, when we're through, the DOL is going to impact the client and advisor, and firm; and we're still going through that but right now our plans aren't to push people -- try to push people or heavily influence them under our fee-based platforms.
Paul Reilly: First, thank you all. We appreciate your taking the time to follow us. Another -- lots of earnings is coming out last week and this week. So we'll continue to stay hard focused on the long-term and talk to you next quarter. Thank you very much.
Jeff Julien: Yes, we think the overall securities portfolio -- it's been $400 million type range already, we're thinking about growing it to by about $1 billion. So over the course of the year just to put a frame of reference on it. In terms of the give up, we're still earning a little over 50 basis points from the banks we programmed. So to redeploy that cash -- we'd be picking up about 100 basis points by doing this -- and deploying a little bit of capital.
Jeff Julien: Yes, the duration down as [indiscernible] itself three years on what we've been putting on over the last quarter.
Jeff Julien: Yes, Devin. The -- as a reminder, we have a lot of our corporate loans to have LIBOR floors as such -- about $4 billion of our corporate loans have floors so they would not enjoy the benefit of that LIBOR increase until we really get over 100 basis points in LIBOR. We also have a mix of 30 day in LIBOR based loans; loans that are based on 30-day and 90-day. There has obviously been a lot more increase in the 90-day rate over the last year as compared to the 30-day rate. But that would be beneficial to the us in general but the impact is not as great as it may appear on the surface because of the LIBOR force.
Jeff Julien: Surprisingly not. We've kind of expected that but we haven't seen it. And the pipeline is robust, this month's a little slower but it always is going to go through the year and we -- our backlog is very strong and we have not seen a slowdown, it doesn't mean it won't happen as we get closer but we haven't seen that yet.
Jeff Julien: We just had a lot higher fee billings in that quarter than we had in the preceding quarter. We -- and we did enjoy most of the quarter, some of the interest spread on these balances, we got one from one-third of the quarter, things like that -- but we haven't really looked at what the margin target is for PCG next year but maybe between that 10% to 11% range we got to look at what it is and if there is another interest rate hike it may go up from there. But I don't think this was -- and any one thing you can really point to is saying that it was really strange. So it was just more solid and a little help from the acquisition and the interest earnings from those balances.
Jeff Julien: That's exactly right, our cash balances the loan at $43 billion now which is -- was $34 billion a year ago. So it's obviously a big delta there and so our sensitivity is much higher. We get the $12 million to $15 million a quarter saying if the rates get up 25, and if we pass 40% through, that's 10 basis points, we keep 15 at $60 million a year; as such $15 million a quarter. If we pass-through 13, the client which roughly have -- we keep 12 which is $48 million, which is the $12 million quarter. So it's kind of how we get that range. I think from the next -- if that's true and a lot of that depends Jim on what the competition is doing. I mean we're trying to be fair to clients and then we have to look at the alternatives the clients have if -- money market funds or competitors etcetera are much more aggressive than that in terms of passing rates through declines and we probably would have to respond accordingly. But so far we've kind of been leading the pack, and my guess is if we pass-through 10 or 15, we still be leading the pack of the next hike. But then the next two rate hikes if and when they happen – there would be much less for us to retain I believe. So definitely that total capture from the first 100 basis point increase is very, very front-loaded here.
Jeff Julien: I think to realize it's an improvement in all three of the other segments. I mean at the bank we expect to continuing growth in the bank, we do expect I think better results in equity capital markets for the year than we've just saw in the most recent year. We're hopeful fixed income can come close to matching this year but at least within year short and we've already talked about the tailwinds that asset management has with the balance levels at the beginning of the year. So we actually expect some nice improvement in all of those. The acquisitions themselves -- yes, you're right, the Alex Brown acquisition particularly will not be help the PCG margins. It's very difficult to have a good operating margin when virtually a 100% of the advisors are on transition assistance deals which starts hitting. As Paul mentioned, $35 million, next year roughly of amortization of those retention deals, that's hard to overcome, at least have a big party of margin.
Jeff Julien: Well, if we took -- if we did get the benefit of another 25 basis point rate hike based on what we're assuming we would keep and that would probably lead to another -- probably lead to 1% percent increase in the pre-tax margin, and roughly $6 billion type revenue base. So if we make $60 million, that's another one. So we would probably up the target -- internal target by about 100 basis points if we get that.
