Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. Thanks, Jeff. Just the outlook Jeff kind of touched on our go-forward PCG building starting in the quarter. I think the key for this quarter is volatility, and certainly, as asset levels stayed down, they've recovered and that's where they're heading now. It'll affect next quarter, but the volatility has opened some of the trading side, as you know, a big chunk of our Private Client Group is fee-based. The recruiting pipeline is still very, very strong. We're hoping to surpass last year's recruiting. From a goal standpoint, this last year was our second best year ever to '09 when there's kind of a slight -- some, yes, certain players that were in the paper, certain that weren't and we were certainly beneficiaries of that. But our recruiting pipeline stays very strong, and also for a very high producing advisers both in terms of assets and revenue, with multi-million dollar team visits are common every day here now. And we'll continue to focus recruiting throughout the country, but we've expanded with particular focus out West and in the Northeast where we gained progress. Asset management. Again, assets should grow as we recruit to PCG. Market volatility may create some headwinds in AUM. Certainly, the market impacts that but we think we're in good shape. As we've always said, we continue to look and our actively looking for niche acquisitions to grow that business. The capital markets side. The equity side of the business certainly had a strong year. And just that $85 million average might be a number, but this was a record year for us, and you never know what the market -- where that number goes. As he said, probably the hardest one to predict, and -- but we have expanded our tech practice starting a few years ago broaden our consumer team and expanding into another SDU as we're looking, so we're continuing to make investments and very happy with our backlog. It's strong and with our people. But again, the market's going to play a big factor in that. Fixed Income, the headwinds will continue. October started very volatile in the markets, which was tougher on trading profits but was positive on commissions, so who knows where it'll settle out as the market settles out. But we have a great team, and they're well positioned. In public finance, we continue to grow. We've done a great job in California and other states adding bankers and continue to stay a Top 10 banker, and we'll use this downturn to recruit good people to build the platform. Bank loan growth looks very strong. Runoff has dropped from 30% to 20% and production's up. We also have a contract to purchase $235 million of 5/1 adjustable resi loans that should close in December as we finish our due diligence, and we expect that will close, and that'll happen near the end of the quarter. But I think you're going to see strong loan growth as a start in the quarter. And again, I think, every time we predicted loan growth, we're -- the market changes, and the next quarter may be different, but we look like we're in good shape there. So all in all, I think a strong quarter, a strong year. And Jeff has something to add before we turn it over to questions.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. And with that, we'll turn it back -- we'll turn it over to you operator, Felicia, for question.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I wish I did. As we said, it's the hardest one to predict. I would just say that we came off of a kind of a record quarter for M&A and very strong for banking. Backlog is very good. The market in October certainly on the underwriting business pushed some deals back, but they didn't cancel. We think the pipeline is strong. But you have to remember, this was a very, very strong quarter, so I wouldn't anticipate -- I hope we repeat it and grow from here. I wouldn't anticipate that though. And Jeff gave you the average for the year. That might be good for the next quarter given where we were, but again, the market changes by the week or by the day sometimes, sometimes by the hour.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We've been aggressively looking for 2 years, and we're just very conservative and cautious, so we've talked to lots of firms, and it's always a -- part of it's a timing issue sometimes. You like each other, and it's not the right time. Sometimes, we don't agree on the price. And if there's not a culture fit, we won't even start. So we've been actively talking, and we don't have anything to announce. But we're -- I'm proud of the effort they're making in the market and the due diligence. When we do talk to people, it's pretty heavy. And if we find it, we'll close. If we won't, we don't. And the ones that have been nearer term were more active than a little smaller, but that could change tomorrow, too, so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, there's 2 pieces to it. First is it's a net number when you see it. And unfortunately, it's not just regretted attrition. I mean, some is regretted. We've had a number of deaths. We have a number of retirements as an over FA force. We do have occasional regretted attrition, although, that's low. And we do have times where people leave the industry just because at the lower end, they're not making it, so it's a hard net number. But if you look at productivity per adviser, part of that is market driven, but a lot of it is a higher end FAs coming in. So the number is a little lumpy. It was -- 2 quarters ago, it was really large [indiscernible] This quarter, it looks flattish. But if you average it out, I think it's pretty steady. And where people sign -- when people join us, it can be lumpy.
Paul Christopher Reilly: It's driven by both. Certainly, the market impacts the flows. But recruiting and people bringing assets in impact the flows, too. So again, given last year, you -- we got -- we're impacted by both. I don't know if I could break it out for the quarter how much was due to what. But net-net, we think we're having good flows. And from advisers and from productivity of existing advisers, and certainly, the market has an impact. So it's all of those that were impacting that number.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Our only internal -- we have 2 internal constraints. One is we don't want more than half our cash, client cash, to be in the bank, and that's not a constraint for the foreseeable future.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Which is under 1/3. We don't want to be half. We have an internal guideline, and we don't want it to be -- we're targeting them around 35% of capital, which we're at but not to exceed 40%, but the bank's earnings, too. Right now, the biggest constraint is just if we get good credits with acceptable spreads, we can grow. And the times we slowed the growth is when felt we weren't getting good credits or the spreads for the risk weren't acceptable. And it looks like the environment right now looks promising. But again, that's even throughout last year. I think every quarter the dynamics are a little different. But right now, it's in good shape.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. We have plenty of client cash to fund our deposits. We -- the bank takes what it needs, and then we sweep it out amongst other banks, and we're not constrained on deposits.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think we're holding firm that we believe that first, we're always going to be conservatively capitalized, I hope, if something goes wrong, but that's -- so we're going to be conservative. But we have been looking and working very hard and looking at acquisitions and niche acquisitions. And I know for some investors, a quarter is forever. For us, our horizon is a little longer, and we think we can deploy the capital. If we can't, we'll do something else with it. But we think we can deploy the capital, and -- but we're not going to close on a deal just to deploy the capital. We've had those opportunities over the years, but if we don't think it's a good investment, we're going to keep it on the balance sheet. So at this point, we still believe we can deploy it, and I know people aren't going to believe us until we do. And if we can't -- the other thing is we're not going to deploy it just to deploy it. If we can't do it, then we'll deal with excess cash, but we don't believe we're in that position today.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, first, it's always lumpy by definition. And if you look across the industry, it was a good quarter for M&A, so it certainly wasn't just us. And why deals all tend to close near the same period of time? I don't know. The factors still seem good both with equity market outlook and certainly achieved financing cost for M&A. The backlog's good, and in fairness, a lot of the activity in the segment both in underwritings and M&A was kind in kind of a life-science based this year, which we didn't participate in since we're not really in that space. So it's pretty broad across our sectors. They've all kind of contributed, and I can't say it's focused on one area. The backlog is still very strong, and I don't think we're going to hit the level we hit this quarter every quarter, but I think we anticipate a reasonable quarter this year. And again, timing is everything on these deals. So we can't predict when any deal will close and it is lumpy.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I think on both initiatives that the focus is on extending the client base, the total return client bases. It's been a focus of ours, and we're making good progress. But as a percent of our revenue, it's still small, so we're very focused on it. And I think as we look at some of the rules, which they have changed for the banks and liquidity calculations for munis, I think actually the new rules we're feeling very comfortable. The demand will continue. I think at a period of time there, we wondered with some of the liquidity calculations based on the latest rules. We think those business will be fine. Now I can't tell you what's going to happen to regulation day-to-day because they keep changing, but we feel good about those spaces. The thing that's inhibiting that business the most right now is rates. And most of the bank deals really aren't muni deals, so there's a lot of tax. They were holding on the taxable instruments in our bank franchise to...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Every calculation we've seen and done as we've gone forward is, if you look at our capital and liquidity position under any rules, we're still well over, so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Liquidity, too. We're extremely liquid right now. So as the previous question said in excess capital, it's not just capital. It's in cash. So we're very liquid right now, and it's kind of nice to be liquid when there's opportunities and day-to-day fluctuations, but we certainly have more cash than we need to operate this business.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And in fairness, we play in a small segment on the C&I loans with a certain credit rating and -- so they could be getting some pressure at the high end.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I thought you said they wanted to because of us and not because of -- the -- I think honestly, you get in the momentum plays in recruiting, and there's a number of factors, it's not just one. First, I do think that our culture has been very steady, and a lot of advisers that grew up in regional firms like ours that are at the wire house. They went to the wire houses by waking up, and their card changed. Those deals have rolled off that seat to find a place like ours, and that certainly has been a big factor. The second piece is I think that other people did even grow up at the wire houses as many banks and private institutionalize our clients through credit and relationships and also eliminating lower accounts and putting pressure on fees and teaming with people that like their semi-independence and then grown up and looking for alternatives, and we're certainly a very, very good alternative. And I think the other 2 factors that have helped us, certainly, our technology, which we believe is competitive with any of the big banks or custodial firms. It's never perfect, but we think some areas we excel in, especially when it comes to the advisers' desktop that our technology is certainly is not a limiting factor in many cases against even some of the bigger firms, a positive. And last but not least, I think the Morgan Keegan combination added a kind of renewed interest in us given our size and scope and just made us more people, more market aware. Our surveys always say if you leave, where do you go? And we do blind surveys, and we always finish on top. And other competitors are there too, but whether it's a good destination, and all those factors plus the recruiting momentum has just added to it. So our focus is windows don't stay open forever in recruiting. You can look at the market times where it gets very active and then where it's slows down. Right now, it's an active time, and we're just in a great position, so we're trying to take advantage of it by just getting as many good advisers as we can during this process. We're also opening up in regions we didn't recruit in. California, it's so far away for us, and now we've got boots on the ground there in terms of management. We're expanding it. We've increased the number of advisers by multiples, but we're still a small factor in that market. And the same in the Northeast. So we just really stayed out of New York and the employee side and surrounding areas and we've grown those businesses. So we've opened up. I think the status are there are more advisers between the Philadelphia and Boston and the rest of the country, and we weren't active -- really active in those markets. We are now. So that's also opened up our recruiting availability. So there's a lot of things going on that is driving the number.
Paul Christopher Reilly: No, I think what happened is that -- I'll oversimplify it but it's human nature a little bit, too. So we've been on a fast pace. We're a little ahead of budget in terms of spending and then slowed it down in the fourth quarter as projects ended to come within the budget. And our budget for next year, we think that range were giving you of that around $65 million-ish is the right -- it's our budget. Technology people like to spend their budget. They usually don't want to give back dollars. They've always got 20 more projects to do that you cut from the budget. So we've increased our technology spend. We're focused. We got great delivery, and I just think it was 2 factors: one was a little budget catch-up; secondly, the projects rolled off, so it's just a matter of, "Did you buy the software in September or October or some of the products? Or do you have a consultant show-up at September 15 or October 1?" And it's not really much of what was the budget catch-up. It's not a deferral. I think they spent their budget through the year, and I'm sure they're going to do everything they can to spend their budget this year.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, it's a factor of everything. I think just gross interest rates. No one's just forgetting the yield curve. No one's rushing to buy 30-year bonds anywhere, and that's where you get paid the best. So certainly, a general rise in interest rates and QE makes the long -- go up a little bit. I think it's helpful. Secondly, certainly, the yield curve is a positive. So flat yield curve will not be a positive across the total industry. And the third is then the biggest factor is all solely on commissions. I mean, a lot of our trading profits are just a little piece on inventories returning quickly. If there's no volume, it's harder to do. And certainly, if there's no volume, there is commission. So in October, we -- the early weeks, trading profits are down a little bit because we had good days and bad days, but I think well-managed. The commission volume was way up as people looked whether it was the market or movements in -- because of changes in TIMCO and other things, there was activity. Who knows what's driving it, but volatility is a big help on the commission line and if we manage our inventories well, I think we'll do fine. So it's multiple factors.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, the front end was very, very good. So we'll see where it settles out whether it will continue. Now again, if rates stay flattish and nothing moves and there's no market for us, I think you're going to see a slowdown in commissions where people are just waiting again. So they like volatility. And the trading businesses, the sales businesses all like volatility. The same with equities. They like the volatility. It's people picking up the phone and making calls and making bets, and without it, people sit on the sidelines and just wait and watch, so a little volatility will be helpful. If you look at last year, I think we really didn't have much.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, so our flows for the year were good. I mean, they were probably half our gains, so -- and we've had good flows. The only thing that impacted the fourth quarter and the asset management business is again, even though the S&P was flattish, small caps were down 5% depending on how you measure it and we've got and equal especially the large concentration of small caps. And mid-cap, good product, but that's in international, and those products weren't in favor. So they probably got a little sequentially hit in that quarter in that segment. But long term, I don't see any major issue. We tend to -- the segment is a whole outside of Eagle, which had a good year in recruiting. A little more outflows not net but in the normal. The net flows were positive. The asset management segment, the internal part has been very strong because of recruiting, so just to get more advisers. Those advisers choose to put some of the assets on our platforms and that grows. So we're not negative on it even though it was again choppy at the end there because of small caps.
Paul Christopher Reilly: No. I just want to thank you all for joining, and it's great to have that you're in. We got about 5 minutes of celebration and then go on to the next meeting. We keep operating the company. So thanks for your support. We're focused on our continued growth, and appreciate you being on the call.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, when you look at the year-to-year results, which are as shown in the press release, the GAAP results, I just want to remind you some of the comparative factors that play into that. If you remember, last year included about a $74 million in revenues from the sale of a private equity holding, which -- majority of which was not to our interest, which obviously impacted noncontrolling interest, but that was an item that drove that other revenues last year. Secondly, we had that May-June muni swoon I talked about in trading profits last year, which certainly impacted that comparison. And on the expense side last year, we were still showing $73.5 million of integration costs, which we're no longer showing as we're fully integrated. And last year, we had that abnormally low loan loss provision despite some pretty strong loan growth in 2013. So when you put some kind of reasonable adjustment, all of those out of the ordinary type factors, I think that you would say that on adjusted basis, the revenue, which we recorded an 8% increase actually increased more than that on operating basis. But on the other hand, while we showed a 33% increase in pretax profits, as shown on the bottom of the segment page for the year, pretax income growth, I think that when you adjust for all those factors, it probably wasn't quite that good, but it was still a very, very strong performance year-over-year.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And my 2 cents on that is we don't have a very good track record of predicting the bank growth or spreads or anything else.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've generally been on the conservative side, but we've -- that's why we -- that's where our feelings are today.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, there were 3 pieces from the Morgan Keegan acquisition that were impacting the comp ratio. The first was the management piece, which was adding about $6 million a year. That will end at the end of March 2015. Then there's a 5-year piece that's costing us about $6 million to $7 million a year that relates primarily to the Fixed Income Capital Markets group that obviously runs through the end of March 17. And then the third piece was the Private Client Group, which was a 7-year deal, which was costing us $18 million to $20 million a year, which obviously has only run 2.5 years of that 7-year life.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, we've not seen that. We've actually experienced a little bit of the opposite this last quarter. Actually, I would say that secondary prices on corporate loans have actually come down maybe 100 to 150 basis points, and I would say that the market plays both banks and institutional investors that invest in commercial loans has been pushing back against the declining margin, and we've seen improvement in that space, not huge, but some improvements so...
Alexander Blostein: First question on the trends you guys seeing on fixed income trading. And I think you guys have done a great job on your Investor Day, a couple of times now, describing the nature of that business, who your clients are and the environment in which we could actually see some recovery there. I was curious to get a better sense of whether or not you think it's the shape of the yield curve for one of the level of interest rate that matters here because I think increasingly the content of the issues become the what the rates of the short end might go up a little on action that would affect yield curve, so just curious how you think your fixed income trading business aside from the trading profits fees would perform in that environment.
Alexander Blostein: Got it. That was my follow-up on the commissions and how the increased volatility in October has impacted the Fixed Income Business because it sounds like it's been a fairly good lump on that front.
Alexander Blostein: Yes, makes sense. And my second question was around the asset management business. Just looks like you guys obviously don't break out the net flows in that $60-ish-or-somewhat billion number, but it sounded like -- it looked like you're just backing up the market. The flows were softer. Maybe even a little bit of outflows over the course of the quarter. I guess, a, is that a fair assessment? And b, maybe you can talk a little bit about the source and your outlook for flows and asset management business.
