Paul Reilly: Obviously it had some impact, you can see the increase in advisers has been higher on the independent side than on the employee side lately. Whatever benefit we got from the Morgan Keegan roll-off, which was the smaller of the roll-off, the bigger 1 comes in two years from now when the Private Client Group 7-year arrangements start to roll off, but this was the smaller group of capital markets folks. That obviously did roll off. We typically replace programs with much lesser programs. So there was a net benefit, but obviously, the comp ratio is being impacted pretty dramatically by all - we replaced it with Alex Brown related deferred comp, as well. So I mean I think again, we come out with that 67% target for a reason. There are whole lot of factors that play into what you're mentioning in some of them, but there are other ones as well. And we had hope to impact it a little bit by the grid change that Paul's talked about. We have been adding a lot of people in the compliance area of the firm, our risk mentioned areas of the firm, which obviously has an impact on that as well. So we're still kind of comfortable in the 66.5% to 67% range. And we think that's pretty good result for the quarter and I think that, that's about where we project it to be going forward here.
Paul Reilly: Yes, but let me mention one more factor just to show you how complicated it is. Just so when that rolls off in two years, we don't want that fairly sizable group of finance advisers to be there with zero handcuff, so to speak, on them. So what we've done is started net this past quarter, we started putting them on the new deferred comp plan two years before the other one rolls off. So when those do roll off, they will actually have some deferred compensation in place. So that obviously had an impact on the ratio as well. That's our standard practice. We applied it to Morgan Keegan, but it's our standard practice for employees.
Paul Reilly: I should just correct myself. The effect of the Morgan Keegan roll-off will start in the June 2019, not 2020.
Paul Reilly: We've increased costs, our back office is up almost 1/3 over 4 years. We've got DOL costs coming in. We've got - if you look at where our grids are, they're still very competitive after most firms. Some firms make tweaks to their grids every single year. We tend not to do that because we think it - and it shows up in industry adviser satisfaction surveys. But when there's a reason to do it, we're very transparent. We roll it out. We explain it to advisers. At our conference they could get up to the microphones and ask direct questions, but I think this one was actually pretty well-received. So it was just - it was a grid change in order to cover some of the costs, the DOL and other costs that have been imposed on us by the regulatory environment.
Paul Reilly: But the same result is almost 100 basis point change and the result - we're very transparent about that, with our branch owners in the independent channel.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think it'll be accretive in the short term, certainly costs are elevated now we've continued to hire. So some of it is reflective of cost we've already incurred. And again, we've made some fairly significant hiring still to beef up these areas, so some of those costs will be coming through in the future. So it's - I think partly accretive and to the existing base cost, but partly covering future cost, too. So DOL is just too hard. There's too many moving parts between revenue that's affected and costs that are required and the law, I think, being back up for review to really quantify it. If we could, we'd tell you. But so part of it is to cover existing costs we've already raised and part of it is to cover future costs.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we just started when I came in. One of my platforms was growth in the Northeast and out West, and we just kind of hit it better in the Northeast and then also between Alex. Brown and Stuart Partners had the right kind of teams to help influence that, and we've got better momentum. So we're now just as focused as we were few years ago in getting the West Coast going, in fact we moved our November board meeting to California to make a statement and start getting a really concerted effort both for clients and advisers to start gearing up to get better drive out west, which has been our slower area and the farthest geographically. So we've made progress. We have recruited advisers, we've got a good pipeline. That's a big market and we've got a lot to do and it's a big opportunity for us. So if we can do it in the rest of the country, there's no reason why we can't to do it in the 3 Western states on the coast there.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I believe so. I think that we're just in the right place at the right time both in our offering in terms of technology and support and our position. And don't think it'll last forever. So our emphasis on training continues to increase as we put more and more people into our training programs for our next generation advisers. So I think we have to do both. But if you look at our market share still in the Northeast and the West, if we could bring it to our market share on the other parts of the country, we've got a lot of potential for growth. Those are 2 very big markets. The other thing that's helped us in the Northeast that will help us in the West is that our Alex. Brown joining us has really increased our ability to service ultra-high-net-worth clients, which might have been something that hurt us a little bit in recruiting the very high-end advisers. But I think today, we have our platforms filled out. So it's just about execution and everything would point to right now we still have plenty of running room.
Paul Reilly: If you go back two years ago, the Private Client Group, independent employees, and these go back and forth, were pretty equal and then independents kind of pulled away, not massively, but it's been out recruiting. I think this quarter, you seem some anomalies both in some retirement, some terms. And there are some employees that have moved independent, which is part of our adviser choice program is that you can be wherever you want. And so if you look at the numbers just for the quarter, I don't think that's a fair representation. Recruiting has been very good in the employee channel. So we try to be indifferent. The margins right now happen to be a little bit better in the independent side, but they go up and down just depending on business and mix and how many offices we're opening and all sorts of other things. So you see the independent growth, they are independent advisers, some have their own RIA but if you look at those numbers, they are independent advisers versus our RIA channel even though we've had good success in recruiting RIAs and it's a - I call it the third leg of our adviser platform that we want to make sure that if people in here or outsiders want to join Raymond James, they have the RIA channel. You're seeing the growth really on the independent side is what's driving those numbers right now.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So our approach has been - hasn't really changed first. We don't want to be the only firm out there besides kind of the larger bank-owned firms. So we tend to be supportive of our - we're competitors, but we believe it's good that there are other firms out in the business. That we feel that those firms stay independent until they feel they have a reason not to be and that we're at a home like we've proven, whether it was Morgan Keegan, Alex. Brown or 3Macs that if they want to come in and become part of our culture and family, and in fact, those firms have influenced us, trying to take the best of all, we'll be there and we let them know that we're here for them. So we don't get into bidding wars, things - even if we love firms and they're too expensive, we don't do them and we find the best fit is when they're ready and the cultures fit, they know we respect them and that we are here and we're not a hostile firm. We feel that these integrations have worked well because we've had people that wanted to join us and we wanted them. It wasn't one side or the other. They're hard work, they're really hard. I've told both our head of Alex. Brown and 3Macs when they joined us, they said, "I'm glad that's over with." I said, "Are you kidding me? This next year is going to be the hardest year you've ever had," and integrations are hard. And if both sides don't want to do it, and aren't very active, they don't work. So I think for us, how we do it's the right way. I think what we've changed in the last maybe 5 years is we're very clear to those firms if they ever change, we think there's a home, but we're not going to try to push them or sway them or indirectly get them to join us. And the advantage we have is, again, if you look at adviser count, since after the Morgan Keegan, it's up roughly about 3.4% compounded. It's 2.8% without these acquisitions. So we are doing a good job in organic growth and those are gravy for us. And I think forcing those or indirectly forcing, we wouldn't get the results we're getting today.
Paul Reilly: Maybe a slightly bit elevated. But it's really the increase really relates to legal regulatory consulting fees, related - the latter related to regulatory matters that we have ongoing. It's probably a function of the regulatory environment if that eases up, it may drift down. But I'd continue to be conservative on that line if I were modeling, just for the sake of being conservative.
Paul Reilly: And we are investing significantly in a technology modernization around the supervision and compliance, not just for regulation, but really to help our advisers to get more proactive by giving them information. So we're investing in technology there, I guess, we're investing in technology everywhere. That's the world today.
Paul Reilly: This is complexity why we just try to get targets because certainly the bank's growth and its comp ratio is low, interest rates are very low and independent contractors are high, just because the way we pay them, they per their own overhead costs. So it's such a blending, and it depends where the revenue growth you get capital markets that...
Paul Reilly: Can be high but usually lower than independent contractors. You get fixed income, which tended to have lower in the core business. But in public finance it's more like Investment Banking comp. So it's just - it's a very, very complex number and these businesses move at different rates. But to the extent the bank and interest rates grow, you're on the low-end. To the extent that it's private client or even capital markets to the extent you're even higher.
Paul Reilly: And the other cost, Paul Shoukry reminded me, that's impacted on the higher side is the retention of Alex. Brown and 3Macs flowing through. So those retention payments, if you pull those out, you wouldn't see comp going up without the others. But you add those in, it's impacting positively comp, too.
Paul Reilly: I think there's been a pick-up in equities and some in the higher net worth all still remain very popular. Again, you're talking about a couple of percentage points. So I wouldn't call it huge shifts. I think most of the advisers are still pushing hard diversity and I think you see some real entry - some reentry into the market. But as the equity markets are good, but these aren't huge cataclysmic shifts. There are a few hundred - there are a couple of hundred basis points shifts.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think there will be certainly on research payments, MiFID II, where it all settles out, I don't know. It was hard to say whether the U.S. was going to move with MiFID II. My guess is given the global nature of the business, more of the larger managers are going to go to MiFID II type payments just because it's too complex to wall them off. So whether you're a winner or a loser depends overall on what kind of research you do. The good news is our research is pretty focused in small and mid-cap, and I think we can get paid for value. But overall, it's probably going to push and squeeze research payments overall. So I think most of the whole business is going to get some squeeze on it. So not our biggest revenue item. So I wouldn't call MiFID II a positive. It's probably going to be a negative on overall payments but who knows what that'll look like. Research has been under pressure for many years, first in the form of commission payments and now as we go to MiFID and more direct payments, it's just asset managers lower their fees, they're lowering what they pass off. So I wouldn't call it a positive headwind or positive law. I don't know how significant it will really be given our revenue mix, but it's certainly not a positive.
Paul Reilly: There are two pieces. I think advisory fees themselves have held a very, very well. And we're seeing what advisers are getting from their clients holding up very, very well. So I think even for the firm, the fees that funds paid us have held up well even with the growth of ETFs and other low-cost funds, which don't pay us well. But so far the overall revenue has held up well, and part of that is the market's grown, too, and the dollar volume is bigger. But I think there are certainly - in terms of what funds can pay there's pressure again as they lower fees, which will have an impact on us over time. The advisory part of the business seems to be holding up extremely well.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I really appreciate you joining us and then some, I think we had a good quarter and sounds like the revenue - the comp communication we could have been a little clearer on. But I still think we're on track. We think we have good momentum in front of us, especially with the fee-based accounts and billings starting 6% up interest rates and good recruiting. So thanks for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Jeff Julien: But that's at a much lower rate than you will see roll off so there's no question that in 2 years from now, there should be a benefit, again, depending on how large we are, it may not be as impactful as you might think it. It's about in the high teens per quarter now for the people that are still with us, as $17 million, $18 million per year. So it's not - it'll be a couple of million dollars, $4 million, $5 million a quarter. So it won't be a huge needle mover but definitely we should see the impact of it starting in the June 2020 quarter.
Jeff Julien: That really is a grid change in the employee channel. I mean, it's somewhat the same in the independent contractor channel except with their - and some of their impetus is going to a product neutral type grid, which we did in the employee side a couple of years ago.
Jeff Julien: That's hard to say. Again, it comes from the independent contractor side, which has been the majority of our recruiting lately. It has a much higher comp level attached to it. But...
Jeff Julien: Yes. If it comes from interest, even though it doesn't have a huge revenue impact but if it comes from interest, it has very little impact. It's nice - that's obviously what's taken the year-to-date ratio down below last year's. I don't know if that's going to be the situation going forward. We'd like to think that. Plus as these grid changes will have an impact going forward that Paul mentioned of some magnitude. So we think we're still probably pretty comfortable. We don't - it's hard to say what incremental revenues - it just depends where they are. So if this contractor side continues to be a big driver, then it will probably stay about flat. But my guess is on a relative mix of revenues that we would anticipate growing that you will actually see it drift down, just a little bit, from where it is now.
Jeff Julien: And see, those are all revenue related comments. On the other hand, we can have a lot of overhead added. We have had a lot of overhead, and the reason I think you're seeing a little improvement is that, that's kind of tapered off with all of the hiring we did over the last 2 years in the risk management world that's already baked into the fixed comp type level. Now we're getting some revenue lift that's helping that.
