Tom James: Do you see any change in spreads or in terms of client deposits in all of your areas? What is going on here with the improved markets you might think you [might have a lot] of cash.
Tom James: Before you go off that subject there is one other item you need to consider here. We still have this application and the convert to a commercial bank from a S&L which the government has chosen to move very slowly with and has concerns about ARS activity and things like that but no problems with respect to the quality of the bank activities or the financial stability of the holding company and results or anything like that. There is no real incentive for a regulator to approve anything that has any risk associated with it of making a mistake in an environment like the one we have been through. While you can empathize with them a little bit even though it is frustrating from our standpoint because it caused us to again go through this gross up activity at the end of September that we described to you. So part of the problem is if we are going to have to continue to comply with OTS regulation it is important that we do add more residential mortgage loans here and so that will affect our judgment too. It isn’t just where are things available that meet our quality and return standards because we are going to be guided by what goes on there. I wish I could be more definitive but this is outside our control. I don’t know what is going to happen there.
Tom James: I have got Paul Reilly in here also who is will be replacing me as CEO on May 1 and increasingly is involved in all of the activities here on a management level. All I can say from my standpoint is the transition thus far has gone extremely well. In terms of his rapid learning curve and in terms of all of our business activities, in terms of his continuing to manifest and understanding for as well as an endorsement of the general values and policies we have here at the business. It is interesting that for the first time since we have stopped worrying about survival you are seeing demand for the use of our existing capital again and we are having to go through some of these decisions about do we invest more in Latin America, how aggressive are we on the recruiting front and we are going to deal with all of these things in our long-range planning meeting in February of our Board of Directors which is always fun. We definitely get a divergence of opinions represented at these meetings. We actually have an operating committee meeting later today. These kinds of discussions are ongoing. I would tell you from my standpoint I don’t see a lot of changes but things will be done differently. That is sort of what happens when you change CEO. I think the basic precepts are going to continue to be followed. We certainly share amongst all our senior management team a view that there is tremendous opportunity in our business not only to restore rates of return on equity that we have enjoyed in the past and get back some of the operating margins we had but also to capture share in almost every single one of these businesses. I know Steve certainly shares the fact that we would like to return to a little more normal banking environment where people spend a lot more time worried about adding new loans than they are about protecting the value of existing ones. So we have a lot of that but Paul is here so I will ask Paul to comment if he has anything to add.
Tom James: As you compare year-over-year the only comment I would make to you is that we had a lot of new hires in prior periods too. So I would say the quality of the hires we are making hasn’t declined. So we are still adding above average producers in general at the firm with the exception perhaps of the [fit] division where we have these brokers in banks who tend to range all over in production but I would say on average you have a little lower production in some of those positions. I don’t think that is really the major factor. Certainly we had some built in ramp from the hires over the last year that still will be ongoing this year. I really think this is just a major deficit in terms of recovering the levels that existed on prior assets. Since the asset levels have recovered to a large degree I actually think that we have a great opportunity to see that difference recovered here within the next 12 months. That is a substantial increase in commission activity by itself without some increment from new hires or them reestablishing prior productivity levels. Chet is here too and he is still running all the retail operations. Chet you are probably the best one to comment on this.
Tom James: I would tell you we are still seeing some move of assets to fixed income in spite of the fact you would have thought the market performance would have gotten a lot of our people back into equity. I would say that a number of our elderly clients, and I can relate to them because I am one of them, the fact is they are looking at those assets and they are saying gee I don’t know if I want to go through the probability that one of these could happen again in my lifetime now that I am 65. Consequently I am going to move more assets to fixed income because I was really under-diversified by demand. I would tell you the clients define that because of prior performance. Now a 10-year period of no real increase or equity value you have to sit back and say to yourself, I would say by the way being a friend that means the next 10 years are going to be good. That’s right. They would conclude that I may only live five more years and even if I live 10 years I don’t want to go through another one of these gyrations. I sort of empathize with that point of view. I know what has happened historically and that is people will continue to invest in equities. I will remind everybody that we forget too soon. When you look back last March there wasn’t a real market for a lot of equity. I always described the behavior of what the stocks were doing as a safe and freefall, falling off the top of a building. There was no way to interrupt it. There was no logic to it other than physical laws. No one should have pushed it off of the roof of the building. The fact is when you see that, that is what causes people uncertainty because they realize it wasn’t rational what happened and they don’t want to be subject to that.
Tom James: I really don’t think that it is large enough to impact that very much. It is more of the comp issues and the disaffection that has grown amongst employees, not just financial advisors, with the large institutions that didn’t perform not just because they were large but because the performance was subpar during this period and certainly didn’t conform to their prior opinion that they were situated on a lot of stability. In fact they may have been on rocks of stability but the seawater was rising. So I think there is some of that still going on. They are not really convinced of the commitment in some of these institutions is at the level it ought to be and that some of the institutions have totally lost credibility. I won’t specifically mention them but if you look at where you have the biggest outflows of financial advisors you might get a feel for that. It is also true in the investment banking and public financials at those firms. They have similar levels of discontent arising from the performance. It is just that now that things have stabilized and it looks like a vast majority of firms have gotten rid of TARP, and that is in this special class of those who would be competitors to us. There is just not going to be as much movement but there will continue to be net loss from those firms during this coming year. That is not to say there will be. They are going to start worrying next about margins in their different business units when they get past the survival mentality also. You may see continued activity in terms of exiting certain businesses or you may see a board of directors in some foreign country sitting down and saying we really don’t want to be in that business. We don’t understand that business very well. We haven’t had very good managers in the business. We want out. We would certainly benefit from of that if that happened.
Tom James: I am for financial reform by the way. I really am. That is the point I was making. I appreciate the one liner though. We need more of those now.
Tom James: I would conclude that absent all the problems in the economy the fact is what we are doing and you can look at it on an individual loan basis all the way through just generally what is going on in loan classes, etc. the rates of return on equity currently are not where they ought to be given anything like these spreads. So as you see some normalization occur if that is the correct outlook you are going to see higher rates of return on equity and Steve certainly likes double digits. He gets real fired up. There is a lot of latent potential on that front as well as from ramping up lending balances.
Tom James: Well I didn’t mention our proprietary activity. We expect to be making some transactions on the proprietary front as the demand or capital, so we continue to look at outside private equity investments as part of our overall rate of return kind of investing but also assisting in the investment banking activities we have got. So there is some demand from that sector of the business and I would tell you we are seeing pretty good transactions. So potential transactions. I think there is going to be good opportunity there for us. As a practical matter as you know we limit our capital allocation to those kinds of assets unlike some of our higher learning institutions did prior to the market decline and then the illiquidity they are now bemoaning. I think we are going to continue to have some demand there and on that front where we will put some money. I think we are going to have enough capital generated from retained earnings and from existing sources. That $300 million addition was actually a good idea. It wasn’t just totally for a buffer fund in the event of continuing difficult times. I think we have enough capital actually to allocate things like additional foreign offices if we decide to do that or to make a smaller firm acquisition. There is certainly bank lines out there we are not even bothering currently to utilize that we could utilize or new ones we could establish for specific purposes in the event we want to do something. We have been told that by some of our banks. So I don’t really see a shortage of capital. It is just we are going to be tough. If you look, for example, at the merchant markets at these levels you have to be a little concerned that if there is a decline anywhere as China recently indicated there is reason for concern in some of those markets that have run up a lot. We have to be very careful in terms of how we deploy capital even where we think we see great opportunity. We are not going to be just rushing off a cliff to do these things. We are looking at a lot of things again though and it will be subject, as I said, to the long-range planning meeting. I think a lot of the recovery, for example, in PCG, doesn’t really require capital commitment of anything like what we have been making over the last couple of years. So I think we are going to be fine.
Tom James: On the equity capital markets front clearly there aren’t as many players in the small and mid cap space. As activity picks up generally the big funds will be less apt to participate in some of these smaller transactions they have been involved in lately and then they just sort of go away after the deal. It is sort of incredible what happens in these time frames. I think if you look at our SBU groups with our largest businesses being energy, real estate, financial services, we have a pretty good healthcare practice, these are going to be vibrant areas for additional finance going forward and we are trying to expand our consumer presence and some of the other activities which we think are mainly [inaudible] currently that will pick up. So I actually think we have a good chance to increase the space and our market share if the market is as attractive as it is now and you see the private equity firms where we have a massive effort in terms of calling on that marketplace, etc. for IPOs and just generally we are seeing people…I had somebody in my office this week who made an appointment to come in to ask me how the equity markets were working and what his timeframe ought to be and where his hurdle rate of activity needed to be to do a public offering. That just demonstrates to me anecdotally that we are beginning to come out of this very quiet period and while it is still a little fragile just because it is hard to tell whether you are going to have a correction here or not, I actually think we are going to see a pretty good ramp up in business for all these firms in this business and we are in a particularly good place. When you look at our retail distribution which is more important than a lot of firms advertise in terms of who you want to have own your stock in an initial offering, or who will own your stock because of the interest or the type of security and European institutional sales and US institutional sales and global research we are building we are seeing underwriting assignments in Brazil and Argentina. I think that we are in a good place. Canada is going to pick up on the investment banking front too. I think the business has changed a little bit currently so when those big firms going down and doing these transactions including five or six co-managers and maybe having two senior lead managers or so that makes for a very small percentage allocations at the co-manager levels. That is hurting us more and that change has hurt us more than about anything I would tell you. It is not because people don’t respect our research in our business. Quite the contrary. I expect our institutional conference in March to be sort of record levels of interest and participation. I think there is a lot of opportunity but we are at that kind of position where you are in between making it to another plateau in terms of levels of investment banking activity and we earned that on our research base but we haven’t yet earned that in terms of direct competition for the underwriting assignments. That is what is going to be the differentiating factor going forward. We have to do better. We will do better.
Tom James: Arising like a phoenix is the high yield bond market and public securities and the fact is as you might expect a number of borrowers are concerned about having too much commitment to bank loans that have shorter terms when they can go out further with less terms and conditions and the good ones qualify to do that. The fact is some of these companies are quality credit, the DD type credit quality companies, but often because of size and not because of quality of the company. They are looking at this and saying maybe it is worthwhile to pay the premium to get the term commitment and have more flexibility with respect to using banks and future financings.
Tom James: If you go out even like we did and do an 8 or an 8.50 that is not much premium to pay for that much more freedom. I think that is part of the cause. I also really believe and you need to keep this in mind that the companies have really battened down the hatches. They have cut costs and gotten rid of employees. They have improved their balance sheets and they can pay back bank lines even if they intend to go back into the bank markets when things pick up. So we had some of that happening right now too. You add that to the natural disinclination of any financial institution to make a loan that has any risk associated with it, real risk of non-payment, you are not going to get a lot of it. I would not blame it all on banks not making loans. They are not making loans because demand is declining too. As we see business pick up that will reverse. I expect that to happen but it is not going to be an overnight process.
Tom James: In fairness that also reflects the fact that issuers are more sensitive to trying to make relationships with people who have equity offering capability and also can join that with lending capability and looking to maintain a group of relationships that are all similarly capable so they don’t have to maintain ten relationships. They are more sure that those financial providers stay on top of the stocks, the right research and are just as sensitive to making sure the overall capital balances are right at the firm as the issuer is. So I think that is going on all over the world and it certainly hasn’t slowed down as a result of what we have just been through.
Tom James: Oh yes. We have talked about that on numerous occasions. That is mainly a consequence of what size we are in and what new products or processes we are adding at the bank. That is in the foreseeable future I would tell you. We would do some of that for our client base. It is almost competitively necessary that we begin to consider doing that.
Tom James: I don’t think the comp ratio would change too much. The advisors share modestly and some of the advisors and some of the products share some of the interest spread but that is not going to impact the comp ratio too much. We are trying to get our hands around better sensitivity analysis of interest rates but the positive impact on the private client group would be more than the negative impact on the bank of a modest rise in interest rates. So we think that the first couple of raises would be a net positive to the overall firm although again we have again a positive on one hand and a negative on another segment so it wouldn’t be as dramatic as it would have been in the past before we had the bank.
Tom James: We would like to thank all of you for participating. We look forward again to continuing seeing manifestations of the overall longer term trends that we are forecasting will occur here. Thanks so much. If you agree with some of the comments I made don’t be afraid to get on the pulpit. Thanks very much.
Steve Raney: As you see over the last three quarters and this most recent quarter our loan portfolio was down about $140 million following two quarters where we were down roughly $500 million. So the activity levels in terms of us growing the portfolio, that effort really started in earnest at the end of the September quarter but as you know it takes a little while to build that momentum up. We did 18 transactions in our corporate portfolio that represented about $200 million of new funded loans. The residential business has been a little bit more challenging where we moved from an environment where there were a lot more sellers than there were buyers. That dynamic has changed. We are actively looking for some new channels for some new residential loans. We have a couple of things that are closing this quarter but we are also not going to sacrifice credit quality for just putting on new loans for the sake of doing that. The primary market right now is still very light but we are very active with all potential participants that we have been doing business with and once again we have really kind of started turning that aircraft carrier around as Tom alluded to. We would think we would be roughly flat to trying to be up slightly this quarter. I would tell you the activity in the capital markets we were notified this week of a couple of payoffs and pay down’s we are getting as a result of borrowers accessing the high yield market. So once again we are not going to sacrifice quality just for the sake of putting loans on but we do think we will be able to eventually grow the loan portfolio in the next few quarters.
Steve Raney: We really haven’t been buying any securities. There have been a couple of Jennie Mae and agency bonds we have bought over the last 12 months but in the December quarter we didn’t buy any new securities at all. The private label portion of our securities portfolio continues to get paid down on a monthly basis and as Tom mentioned we have had some improvement in that negative mark-to-market by about $20 million in the December quarter. In terms of the impact of the GSEs pulling back their purchases and support of the mortgage market I don’t think that is going to have a lot of impact on our existing portfolio. Right now we are really more interested in deploying our liquidity into loans. I’m not sure exactly how that is going to play out.
Steve Raney: Just a couple of additional points on that. In residential loans we did have an increase in past dues but it was relatively nominal in the aggregate about $1 million in terms of loan balances being higher in terms of our past due. The percentage looks a little bit higher in terms of past dues to total loan as a result of loan balance declines but just so you know the less than 90 day past dues in the residential portfolio are actually down quarter-over-quarter so these loans we would like to think are working their way through the pike. We are continuing to be very cautious in the residential portfolio in terms of another leg down or a double dip in housing. On the corporate side of our portfolio we saw pretty marked improvement across the board but we still remain extremely cautious on commercial real estate. Out of all of this the new deals we did in the quarter out of the 18 I think two were real estate related. So predominately corporate, commercial or industrial focused at this point. All that being said we know over the last 4-5 quarters we have been very aggressive in terms of how we are reserving and charging loans off. As Tom mentioned we would like to think we are starting to head into a more normalized environment. But we are also not here to predict what the next few quarters are going to look like because as you know our portfolio and loan loss reserves and charge offs can be lumpy just given the large nature of some of our credit exposures, particularly in our corporate portfolio.
Steve Raney: We actually had an increase in residential non-performers of a little over $10 million so the corporate and commercial real estate portfolio in terms of the non-performers actually were down quite a bit. We were down roughly the total reduction was a little over $20 million in non-performing reduction. It was pretty broad. We had some pay downs and one of our commercial real estate loans actually paid off entirely that was non-performing. We had some upgrades of some loans both one corporate loan that was non-performing was put back on accrual status and we have had a couple of upgrades in the commercial real estate portfolio that were upgraded as well. We did have some charge off’s that lowered the balance of non-performing loans so all of those things factored together resulted in a net reduction in non-performers [inaudible] commercial real estate space though.
Steve Raney: Just making sure we are on the same page in terms of our reported results here because it may have got lost there, our net interest spreads over the last couple of quarters have actually been very stable. When you take out the effect of the excess cash balances that are in the bank that started in the September quarter and then continued on in the December quarter. We have that excess cash now outside of Raymond James bank and in the other banks that are in the multi-bank suite program. So you take all that out our net interest spreads were roughly 3.37% last quarter and that was one basis point higher than the prior quarter. What we are seeing right now that is going on, the incremental business we are doing in the corporate portfolio is actually accretive to margins but as Tom mentioned we are seeing more demand than there is supply. We have seen where we were for many quarters where there were very high LIBOR floors with much higher spreads we are seeing that start to come in just slightly and we are seeing more buyers and therefore our allocations in the primary deal will be cut back. Still that being said the incremental business we are doing is actually a net positive to spreads in the corporate portfolio. On the residential side it has been somewhat stable but maybe slightly down in terms of loans that are coming up for reset. They are coming off of their initial 5-year fixed rate period and then they are resetting to the reset rate which is slightly lower than what it was before. The net/net of that is we think our margins are going to be somewhat stable. In the bank we would be negatively impacted by rising short-term rates but I think that would be offset at the rest of the firm. It is not a big impact though because most of our assets are floating rate and we would benefit in the corporate portfolio it really wouldn’t be an impact. It would impact our residential portfolio from rising rates.
Steve Raney: It is still a relatively small and manageable number of properties that are currently in non-performing that will be working their way into foreclosure and into OREO. It is a manageable number. I don’t have a figure for you. It shouldn’t be a huge impact to our overall earnings and we have budgeted and are planning for an increase in OREO expense both in the actual ongoing management of those properties and also as we have seen in the past we have taken some charges, we didn’t have any write down of OREO in the December quarter but we have had a write down of OREO properties in prior periods. So we are factoring that into our operation.
Steve Raney: Absent having a lumpy…we could have a couple of loans go on non-accrual that could be a big number and have another spike. Obviously we don’t feel like we have anything like that identified or has already been put on non-accrual. We are still at risk for having something like that fall out of bed, so to speak, and have to be put on non-performing and it still could impact the numbers and as I mentioned we did have $10 million increase in non-performers in our residential portfolio. I think there is still some risk we could have an increase so it is hard for me to handicap what that is going to look like going forward. Obviously we would like to think we have seen the peak in the September quarter but that may not be the case.
Steve Raney: I would say more the former than the latter. But we have had our allocations cut down on several deals we have done in the last few months quite substantially in terms of us committing 25 and getting 12 but the deal flow is slower right now kind of in our sweet spot in terms of credit quality. Once again we are hoping that the overall economic environment and capital markets will continue to fuel M&A activity and therefore deal flow for us. There are opportunities in the secondary market. We have added to certain positions and taken on a few new things in the secondary market but as Tom alluded to earlier prices have moved up substantially kind of across the broad senior loan market probably 30 points in the last 12 months.
Steve Raney: Rates haven’t been terribly…LIBOR is 100 basis points plus 400 you are looking at a floating rate of 5% or something like that.
Steve Raney: I would also add I think we have talked about this before that about 1/3 of our corporate borrowers have an institutional relationship with the firm either research and/or equity capital markets. In the December quarter about 75% of the deals we did were actually with firm clients. You will probably see that percentage of our borrowers that have another relationship with the firm increase over time. We think that is obviously good client selection tool and we won’t be exclusively doing that but it will be a larger percentage of our new business will be other relationships with the firm.
Steve Raney: I actually think that where you are going to see comp ratio go down a little bit is mainly in the GNA section of the PCG as the productivity levels are restored and indeed they increase above prior levels. That will lower some of the overall costs but it is not going to be a tremendously large factor from either source I would tell you.
