Paul Christopher Reilly: Great. Thanks, Jeff. I think that as we kind of look forward, with record assets under administration and our asset management, assets under management being up significantly. Both provide good tailwinds for the Private Client Group and asset management businesses. They are -- they bill in -- the Private Client Group bills quarterly in advance. As I mentioned previously, we only had a 0.5% really increase the year before -- I mean, the quarter before coming into the quarter. So we have much stronger tailwinds plus the conversions behind us. And I think the advisors are really focused on their business. I'm actually pretty positive given the flows of equity markets so far. So I think we've got good tailwinds and should see good results on those businesses. The banks will be, I think, a little more challenged in this way. Loans were rounding down. Most of the down had to do -- we had a $200 million sale of our SBA loans. We warehouse them there, sell them up if it gets lumpy and build them back up. And so C&I was actually up. But we're projecting -- our best guess is bank -- the net loan should be flat to down slightly. The flow is great. We're seeing a lot of stuff. But there's a lot of -- a lot of the financings are covenant-light, and we don't like them. So we are maintaining our credit standards. We won't take a covenant-light loan unless it's an extremely strong credit. And if the market moves away from us from a credit perspective, we will grow loans slower. So you can't say 1 month or 1.5 months or a quarter as a trend, but we're concerned about that, so I think it will be difficult to grow loans in the next quarter given that environment. And also with the SNC exam coming, there may be a charge. We actually hope the examiners are tough on covenant-light loans. And if it tightens up covenants, we'll participate in more loans. So the bank outlook for the next quarter, we think flat to down slightly in terms of net loans. The Capital Markets are a little more difficult to estimate. The Equity Capital Markets, the commission flow has been good. The underwriting market has improved, and if the Equity Capital Markets stay in good shape, and that's the big if, we should see improvement. M&A volume, although in the industry we're seeing it down, we're actually seeing deals starting to close again as the backlog acceleration has worn off. And so my guess is, we'll see improvement in Equity Capital Markets throughout the second half of our year if Equity Capital Markets participate. And I think the fixed income business will be challenged to grow in this interest rate environment. It's been a very steady performer with steady margin, but until rates move or there's an impetus for people to really start repositioning their fixed income portfolios, that the commission volume, I don't see anything that's going to push it to grow significantly. And municipal trading [indiscernible] in this type of rate environment would be very, very difficult. So with that, could everyone hear me? [Technical Difficulty]
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. Okay. I'm sorry. Just as a reminder, so I think where we are is the cost synergies are going to take some time to get out, longer than I think most of the analysts have estimated. And I think we tried to signal that they'd be in through the rest of the fiscal year and it's still going to take us those couple of quarters to get there, but we're committed to doing that. And overall, if you look at the first 6 months versus the first 6 months last year, we've had very, very strong results with net revenue up 36% and net income up 22%. Our non-GAAP fully diluted EPS up 17%. So the businesses are in good shape, and we just have to finish the job of getting the costs out, and we hope obviously the markets will stay favorable. We're in a great position to compete. So with that, I'll turn it back to Demetris for questions.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I can tell, Joel. I mean, typically, the big numbers in the market are affected by major transactions, but the middle market seems to follow. So I think the deal flow-through of the things in backlog, and I guess the question is overall -- if overall M&A deals slow down, I mean, we'll certainly be impacted throughout the year. I think it's ironic to most people that kind of still record low rates and most people optimistic about going forward getting revenue growth that M&A would slow down at this pricing. But that's the report from everybody else. So I can't really tell you.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I would say it's all 3. I think that we've done better in share. Certainly, the underwriting as we do retail oriented MLPs or REITs adds to that. And we're just seeing better flows in the secondary trading too, so it's a little bit of all 3. And we anticipate that we're not going to get that kind of rise quarter-on-quarter, but we don't see them going down in the short term.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, I don't think we're going to see recruiting like we did in 2009. But I think home office visits have been strong. And I think if you look at this conference, we had 65 people attending from other firms, who were kind of kicking the tires here. So that's our largest number since 2009 during the commotion in the market. So it's good. I will say that people tend to be slower when the markets are up. When things are good, people tend to take a little more time to make the decision. So when things slow down a little bit, they're much quicker to pull the trigger. So I think we're in that. The flows are good in terms of home office visits. But I think it's taking a little longer to get people over. The other trend is we're getting much larger advisers. They continue to get multimillion dollar-producing teams coming through. And again, they tend to do a lot more due diligence also to move their books. So we're happy with the flows and we'll have to see, we're going to have to close. But we still think we can do a good job on recruiting.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'd like to add another comment on expenses. We are there during the conversion to spend money to get the conversion done and keep support levels. And examples is our back-office operations. If you take us pre-Morgan Keegan and add the Morgan Keegan office support, we're actually up 6% headcount. And we're adding new people and account openings. We are -- as we're trying to get back to service levels these people are on the new systems so we haven't seen synergies in the ops area. And it's easy to add to add people in new accounts. It doesn't take -- I don't have to be too smart to realize that's a good thing when we're getting inflow of new accounts. And it's going to take us a while in all these areas of our firm to really make sure that we're operating back on a good service-level basis before we're going to adjust anything. So we're going to see some of those runoffs in technology costs as we get the business, the systems converted. We've got a little bit more to do in the fixed income area. And same in the ops area, we're going to keep levels high until we feel like we can adjust them. And it's just -- it's going to take a while to get the cost out. We tried to articulate it. We probably haven't articulated it well enough. So we are going to make sure that the transition goes as smoothly as possible, and then we're going to drive back our target metrics.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We still think we can -- we're looking at still niche acquisitions across the board. We're very disciplined. Most deals that have happened, we've looked at and stepped away from for various reasons. We're still looking. We think we can grow. We believe that every one of our businesses has room to grow either geographically and/or in some product line. But we're going to stay disciplined. And I think the bank is -- if the bank goes into a long-term decline, it will -- and it gives us back capital which it can do and we accumulate excess capital, we'll look at something different. Our anticipation right now is that we're in a shorter term loan bank and we believe we could still grow that business and all of our other businesses so.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We have a strong desire to grow our company, but not at the cost of credit standards, and it's been very clear to Steve and the bank and the whole firm is that I'd rather have loan balances shrink than start chasing credit. So we're going to stay disciplined. We've expanded areas, our SBL loans have been growing, our Canadian loan portfolio is going, we can have some growth in our home mortgage origination where we've seen some success. But we're not going to chase bad credit. So the mandate is as the firm, we're a growth firm, but if the credit -- we're not going to weaken credit standards and if we shrink, we shrink.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Our target has been to get it done this year and to try to keep next year's earnings clean. There may be some items that slip over but our target has been to get the savings done so we can start realizing them at the beginning of the fiscal next year. But there's a lag from when we do all these cost adjustments until they start coming through the P&L. So we're still on the same guidance we've always given you. But I can't tell you that some of the stuff won't slip over.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We've been pretty clear in the last couple of calls that we are looking, and we will make some changes in that business. A part of it is headcount and part of it is just comp and payouts. Some of it is elevated by the integration and retention payments. Some of it in transitional deals as we try to get 2 businesses together. And some of it is headcount related. So it's not the massive numbers we went through in technology. But there will be some trimming and there will be some comp adjustments. And so again, our goal is to focus through this fiscal -- the rest of this fiscal year to get that done. So we do acknowledge that they're elevated.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We balance here. We have not been a big -- the markets get good, hire like crazy to participate and then when markets slow down it's cut to the bone and wait out. So we've been more middle. Bull markets, we don't chase them and the down markets, we trim and we will trim. But we don't cut to the bone and then start chasing an up market again. So but we're running elevated on any standard, and we know that and we will address it. We are addressing it.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, we are, we have not -- we just don't compete head up in front money and the transition of systems that we have competitors especially the bigger ones that pay out twice as much as we do. And we -- our sales point is coming to our culture, which is high service, FA focused, no product push. And if you can get less money up front, your payout is going to be better over time and you can earn it, but you got to earn it over time. And we want you to join to be with us, not for a check, and that's -- we've been in that position as being lower than our most of our competitors for a long time, and we continue to do that. We're not buying business for dollars.
Paul Christopher Reilly: We just -- if you think that people talk about the commission market versus research being challenged here as we've had declining over the desk commissions because of ETFs and electronic trading. The European market has been tougher and it has been for a while, not only our volume is down. Pricing is tough and we've just decided to kind of -- we've had a long-term partnership there, and we just felt it was time to restructure. We have a great leader there who's been with us a long time and running the U.S. equity side and we wanted to get the European equity side under him fully too. So we bought out the minority interest in that -- in one of that deal, and we're downsizing our number of salespeople and analysts to fit the market. So we just because it wasn't fully controlled, it was a little harder, so we just bought full control and we're making the adjustments.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. We've been looking at that, and it was obvious to us that the market in the short term wasn't going to turn. We have good people, so we went ahead and just bought out the remaining shareholders took control of resizing the business to where we think it should be. We just -- we've been watching it really for 2 years now and just went ahead and bit the bullet.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And especially for new advisers, as we recruited and higher- and higher-end advisers with the wealthier client, they choose the securities based lending usually because they use it as a financing vehicle, not really just as a stock repurchase vehicle.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Okay. Well, I'd like to thank you all for joining the call. I know that with the integration, the numbers are difficult as you guys try to figure out when the costs are coming out, I actually think outside of the M&A number, the revenue numbers and our businesses weren't bad. I think we've got tailwinds in the business. Given a good equity capital markets, I think the earnings power is here. We just got to get the cost out. We're focused on it. I know and we're going to do it when we believe we will get to our targets. But again, we're focused first on making sure our business is operating well. That people are settled in, that the systems, processes and support are working. And then we are attacking the costs, which we've started to do. So I know it's hard for you all to predict the timing. So I think a lot of this is timing versus the ultimate goal. But thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you soon.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have other private equity-related investments. So there'll be some activity related to those. It looks like the ongoing run rate unrelated to private equity is in that ballpark that you just mentioned. But there still will be some lumpiness related to our other private equity investments.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think with respect to the comp ratio, I think that we'll certainly see a downward trend from the -- you want to call it the [indiscernible] on the adjusted 70 to mid 60s. But it will take us at least a couple of quarters or more to get there. And that also implies some revenue help. We got hurt this quarter a little bit with having the fixed cost in comp and equity capital markets when the revenues went away. So with the normal market health, whatever normal is anymore, we still think that comp ratio with our mix of businesses that we got today should trend down say to the 66 type level over time. But I can't tell you when that will be realized. Obviously, I think, we'll start making progress on it right away here in the June quarter when you see some of these -- when you've seen some of these reductions in headcount that we've been talking about.  The other expenses are a little bit all over the board. I mean, occupancy you saw went down this quarter. We've got a data center that will be coming onstream that will add a little bit to that but not much, probably in this June quarter, if not, then the next quarter. Occupancy, I don't see moving a lot relative -- I don't see it doing much different than inflationary-type increases or CPI-type increases related to all of our leases and things like that. Other expenses, we've already talked about. They're pretty well controlled. And actually, that's where some of the synergies come. Some of the insurance expenses and audit expenses and things like that, that we get the benefit of having Morgan Keegan rolled into Raymond James going forward here. So I don't really see a big change there. Business development, we can control. We can -- those are largely controllable expenses in terms of what we want to do in terms of branding, in terms of conferences, in terms of home office visits and bio visits and other things. I think we're comfortable with where it is on a run rate right now. So unless there's a dramatic change in revenues one way or the other, I think that will probably stay where it is which leaves the wild card of Datacom. It's very hard for us to predict the total cost to some of the projects underway, when they come onstream, which things are going off stream. We've had contractors we've hired to keep some of the projects running that we will let go. There's a lot of moving parts in Datacom. As I told you, I certainly don't expect that we'll see 8% per quarter increases in that line item throughout the year. I would like to think that -- I don't necessarily think I can honestly tell you I believe it's peaked because it's a hard one to say. But I certainly don't expect dramatic increases from here. The best way for us to look at that expense I believe is as a percentage of revenues because you can't control some of your spend each year in that particular line item based on what the overall market firm is doing. We're approaching, if you exclude Albion again, which I don't think is totally fair as I mentioned, we're approaching 6% of revenues in that cost, and that's a high level for us. We haven't had enough internal discussions for me to tell you we've set some kind of absolute threshold, et cetera. But that's historically a high number, and I'd be surprised if we went over that going forward.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Another example of that is the Morgan Keegan legacy operating system. It's not as though on February 20, once we converted to Raymond James' system we just unplugged it and settled with the vendor and went away. We're keeping that system up and running for several quarters to make sure we get customer 10 99 outs accurately to make sure we get customer history over accurately to the Raymond James platform et cetera, et cetera. And so we still got that data in the event something happens here in the next couple of quarters. So that cost won't technically go away until early fiscal '14.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I'd have to go back and look with -- assuming revenues don't change, we -- if revenues aren't going to regrow, we would clearly adjust our business to optimize what we're doing. But I think right now, we would say that everything we're doing, the investments we're making, et cetera, are to grow revenues not to sit on a flat revenue base. That's a hard one to answer because we haven't modeled it that way. And I'll answer your other question, on how much other noise is going through. Remember, I said, we got $35 million-ish still in synergistic cost to come. Of that, about $12 million is non-comp. So that's how much it's run through some other expense lines or occupancy expense or Datacom type lines that will go away.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Same old boring selves. I mean we tend to stay over capitalized as we long-term think we're a growth business, and we're not going to -- it's unlikely for us to ever do buybacks when those prices are lower, special dividend, which we really haven't done unless we think we can't grow the business in the medium- to long-term. So for short-term kind of things, if the business does slow down and we can't deploy capital, we'll tend to keep it. We've got -- probably our first use is to pay down debt when that opportunity comes. So I always tell investors, don't look to us as a balance sheet restructuring ploy. We still believe we're a long-term growth company and that we will -- we can deploy the capital. We have determined -- if we ever feel differently, then we'll tell people, and we'll do something different.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: My recollection is we gave guidance of 3.4% to 3.5% for the year. Isn't that right, Steve? And we're at an adjusted NIM for this quarter of 3.49%, and we exceeded it in the first quarter, but there was some large fees and things like that, that we took into earnings that particular quarter. So I think that the guidance for the year probably is -- it should still probably be in that range unless -- on the adjusted basis taking out the -- stripping out the excess cash, which is depressed in the margin as I mentioned earlier.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You heard me earlier on that, having all that excess cash helps earnings, helps ROE because there's no capital requirement associated with it, and there is a positive spread. The only thing it depresses is our net interest margin. We don't really want that cash, but we do want to provide the service to our clients to give them FDIC insurance on their bank's weak program.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've got something around $100 million invested now. Albion was our biggest piece. But we've got some we own directly outright, some we own through fund formats, some are affiliated and some are unaffiliated. So you can see that in our Q in the level 3 assets section. Do we really think that if we're going to see gains like this? First of all, I'd say I don't necessarily think we're in total liquidation phase. We are cognizant of the Volcker rule. Any impact that may have on our ability to grow the business in the format we've been doing it in the past, we can continue to do it in a fund format where we manage the assets but aren't a significant owner of the assets. We do have several that we are still the significant owner of in the portfolio. I would certainly not model out gains like we've seen. We may have some going forward, but I don't think they'll be of the magnitude that we've seen here with the Albion investment, not for some time.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, we've got cost savings initiatives planned for some for June and some for the September quarter. But if you do them in the September quarter, as Paul points out, you won't really see the benefit of it until the next quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: With respect to equity Capital Markets, those aren't part of the synergy cost we've got in here. That's just pure right-sizing.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, well, it's shorter than that. I don't have a good number for you on that. I'd be glad to follow up with you. I mean just looking at all of our asset classes...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: The only we obviously -- I mean, we don't counsel our clients to take a lot of leverage here. Our margin balances for FA are probably very low compared to the Street in general. The only new development there has been that a lot of the new --  the leverage based on your securities portfolio has been going to the bank in the form of securities-based lending, which we've had for about a year at the bank, which has grown to over $400 million. So in fairness, you almost have to look at those 2 in unison. They don't necessarily I wouldn't say it's cannibalized existing business to a great extent, but certainly the new business, they're considering, which is most appropriate between the bank line versus the broker-dealer line.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If loans run flat and NII stays where it is, we'll be flat. But that's a math exercise. It's a matter of whether we're be able to maintain loan balances or whether they actually decline. If loan balances decline, then NIM stays the same. We'll have a degradation in NII. And if they both occur, the decline in loans and the decline in net interest margin, then it will be even more severe. But yes, we don't foresee a significant decline from the current levels, at least I don't. And see a significant decline from the current levels in net interest income at the bank. I think there might be a slight contraction of NIM from here. We're still guiding like we said 3 40 to 3 50 for the year. And I think that loans will probably be -- my guess is it will be flattish for the rest of the year given the current environment that we're seeing.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Some impact, but I don't think it will be material based on the current levels. And there are other factors in the bank that are equally important like the provision.
Steven M. Raney: Joel, it's Steve Raney. Yes, continued pressure on net interest margin. I would think that over the next couple of quarters, you could see further compression in the 15 to 20 basis point range. We're being selective not only on credit, but also on return and there are credits that we're passing on that just don't meet our return expectation relative to the risk that we think we'll take with the loan. So as Paul and Jeff mentioned, we're not under any huge pressure to grow loans, and if the opportunities are there to do that, we will take advantage of it. But if they're not, we're not going to compromise on what we think is unacceptable return or credit.
Steven M. Raney: Hey, Hugh, it's Steve again. Really, I would say, it's relatively widespread in terms of the competitive landscape. Probably more so in the C&I, the commercial and industrial loan portfolio. But we're seeing it in the commercial real estate sector as well. We're taking some actions against that in terms of some other industries. We've not done any tax-exempt lending in the past. That's something we're evaluating going into. These tend to be good credits.
Steven M. Raney: They tend to be -- you have better credits than the C&I loan. These will be loaned large enough for profits and municipalities. It's not anything we've done in the past but we're evaluating that as another diversification strategy. Your question about Canada, we've actually grown Canada more rapidly than the -- than our U.S. portfolio in the last couple of quarters, seeing a lot of good traction there. Some of the same dynamic exists, but it's not nearly as widespread, a competitive landscape. There aren't as many players up there. So that's been -- now, we're over a year into that opportunity and investment that we made, and that portfolio is actually growing more rapidly. And it's turned out to be really good business for us.
Steven M. Raney: And average gross per adviser continues to increase. One of the biggest net-net loss of advisers this past quarter was in Canada. You may have noticed on the chart. But a large part of that was a result of a grid change that they made, that was more punitive to people in the low-end. So they lost a chunk of advisers doing about $125,000 average gross, which is far lower than the average recruit we're hiring.
Steven M. Raney: Chris, the repricing of credits are pretty widespread in the portfolio, which is causing in some cases for us to accept that and in some cases, we're accepting payoffs in exiting or reducing levels in certain credits. So once again, yes, it's very widespread really across all of the commercial loan categories. So I would say that a large portion of our portfolio is already repriced and in some cases, multiple times over the last couple of years. So we think that the pace by which that we're going to continue to see that is going to decline. But I do expect some more of that to continue, and that's why I was guiding down further for the next couple of quarters.
Steven M. Raney: Chris, I'd also mention, I know we're providing you point in time in the period loan balances that -- our average loan balance for the March quarter was actually $325 million higher than the December quarter. Yes, just to provide that additional color.
Steven M. Raney: We had 2 days less interest in the March quarter compared to the December quarter, which impacted the net interest income significantly, nearly $2 million worth.
Steven M. Raney: Well, a lot of that has already been reflected in the numbers but I do think that we're going to continue to have reductions in NIM and our balances will, like Jeff said, will be flat to maybe slightly down on an average basis the next couple of quarters. So there will be some...
