Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. And, I know we're spending a little more time than usual. But, we know we had a little bit of a noisy quarter. In a way, I feel like it's like deja vu over again with same situation we're in the first quarter a year ago. But, if you really go through it all, you look at the first 6 month's numbers; we've had good strong operating results. More importantly, if you look at the factors that really drive our Business and the private client group record assets under administration at the quarter end, record advisors, a great recruiting pipeline; I think we'll continue to still drive and grow our Business. I wish you guys were all here at our conference and you'd see the positive energy from our financial advisors. In the capital market segment, investment banking activity remains robust, particularly in the M&A and public finance. But, we do con – still continue to feel the headwinds in underwriting, especially in the energy and real estate sectors. As we told you, we thought that the energy price fall would impact this sector for a quarter or 2 and be replaced by M&A and increased underwriting. But, we're still working through that transition in the marketplace. But, we got a very very good year and start this year in M&A. Asset management, record assets under adminis – under management, continue to help drive earnings. And, you also remember we announced a $1 billion asset acquisition in early March and were waiting for our final pending regulatory approvals. So, assets should continue to grow. Driven a lot by recruiting and net inflows. Bank, another very strong quarter. Good credit quality and the NIM improvement, the modest NIM improvement, should continue to help drive good numbers. And, finally, we know getting a lot of questions about the Department of Labor's fiduciary standard. We were active in fighting back in the first release in 2010 and now the law, as proposed, is very complex. We are analyzing it internally. As well as, I'm on the board of FSR and SIFMA. Scott Curtis, on FSI with our trade groups. I think were all united. I'm going through the proposals. In fact, there's ongoing discussions right now with labor. So, it's hard to quantify any changes and we're studying it. But, believe, the business we do is very positive for clients. So, with that, I appreciate your patience and we'll finally open it up for questions and answers. So, I'm going to turn it back to Therese.
Paul Reilly: Yes, Devin, I think that there's a lot of things we know we could do to improve earnings. And, it goes even taking some fixed rate risk in securities; minimal. We could grow the bank. But, we've had a philosophy to target the bank about 35% of capital and no more than 40. We think it's important for our advisors and for our shareholders to understand we're not a bank first. So, we're a private client group that has strong banking and asset management backing to it. So, sure, we could deploy more capital. I think the bank's done a great job of investing in its assets, its loans, and its good risk return basis. But, our view so far is, we want to keep it within those capital ratios. We have an opportunity to grow. We haven't told Steve not to grow, because we certainly have a little more capital room. But, we're not going to be overly aggressive in it either. So, we're going to stick to our model right now.
Paul Reilly: So, you're right. It has room to grow, and we've told them to grow if they find good quality loans. And, I think, we're – as we find good loans and we're opportunistic, we add them. And, when it's not there, we slow it down. And, it has room both within our internal capital allocations and certainly our client cash. Which again, we limit to 50% of our client cash in the bank as another control and diversification tool. But, they have room under both. But, we won't let it get out of hand.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I'd first – in investment banking, I think, certainly, kind of, underwriting business has been tough across the board. Especially for us, where we're strong in energy and real estate. But, the other sectors have done well. In M&A it's been across the board, but, particularly in tech and tech services, an extremely good quarter. Late March quarter actually, where it produced a lot of the results. I think people forget sometimes, in public finance, we're a top ten underwriter. I think one poll said 8 and one poll said 9, with total credit to lead. So, we are – it's a significant business force. That business was very slow in January and February. The March turn on had to do with, I think, first, in that business, you get a lot of, because of the holidays at year end. Financing typically slows in January. That carried over longer into February. But, we're getting the refinancing part of that business is turned on during some rate volatility. So, we're – the refi part of public finance has been absent in the last year. That turned on and a lot of deals happened quickly. So, so far we see the movement short term. Here we are into early April. Good activity in both of those. But, as you all know, that's a lumpy business that's hard to predict. Both of those. But, we feel pretty good about the backlog. Sure.
Paul Reilly: I don't that, I don't think we know that one offhand. But, I will tell you that the early reads on that, that actually that we get some benefit, some restrictions of – in that area. In IRAs and what you can sell. But, if you read again, the best you can read the DOL standard, we may actually may even get some relief and some opportunity in that area. And, again it's just too early to speculate. It's – the law is 800 pages. It's very complex. And, people are still trying to go through and understand it. And, I think even the department's trying to understand the implications and what all this means. So, we're studying it like crazy.
Paul Reilly: Yes, Hugh, the increase in criticized loans was attributable to downgrading 3of our energy names. And, us proactively, and we think wisely, adding reserves against those names. So, the exposure still remains a very low. It's less than 3% of total assets are in the energy sector. And, the vast majority, 75% of our energy exposure is really not related to – it's not as sensitive to the volatility of oil and gas prices. It's more midstream-oriented related to exposure. So, but, continue to watch every name very closely and monitor that portfolio actively.
Paul Reilly: Here's the hardest thing Chris. First, I wish I could tell you that one's one and one's the other. And, those operating our fiduciary are different than the commission volley. We believe that our job is to put the client first. It's been one of our – it's the center of our core values. It always is. To say that just because your fee-based, it's better for clients, when a commission is cheaper. Especially, in small accounts. In fact, there's anti-churning regulations where we're not supposed to charge a fixed fee when we're not giving a lot of advice. It's cheaper for the client to be commission-based. So, this whole thing of fiduciary, what does it mean under the standards? And, that's really the question. Whether it's under the 40 act or it is this fiduciary standards proposed now. I – we all believe it's in the best interest of the clients. So, just because your fee-based doesn't mean you automatically do what's in the best interest of clients. Madoff was fee-based IRA. But, so, that's the hard thing here. So, it's – at one extreme you could say everybody who's doing commission base is going to have to go to some wrap fee level, commission charge. Frankly, that wouldn't be good for a lot of clients. And frankly, for small accounts, it probably is cheaper not to have them. Better for the client if that's forced. But, they're going to lose access to advice. Short term, it may impact, as we – our accounts. But, frankly, a lot of those accounts aren't profitable for us either. We do them as an accommodation to our clients, friends of our clients, or relatives, and to our financial advisors. So, although we may have some juggling around, and it may hit revenue. The expense part, we might be better off. So, this thing gets so complicated and everybody wants to simplify it. Until we get through the rules, the regulations, and what do these exemptions really mean, it's so hard to give guidance. It really is. So, I wish I could answer. But, I think the headline from the administration of DOL is: fee-based is good, commission is bad. Well, we can show you hundreds of thousands of accounts where that's not true. So, we're just going to have to see where this ends up.
Paul Reilly: Well, you see the investment, actually, in the new practices was, kind of, a light number all in between recruiting fees, guarantees, startup costs. And, you also – it's, as our business shifts and we look and estimate comp, we're better as we get to the end of the year in that business to get better estimates at the end of the quarter. So again, it had a lot of shifting pieces in it. But, there's certainly those 2 pieces, that on a smaller business, that had an impact on the bottom line.
Paul Reilly: Oh yes, the other one is – I'm sorry, as Jeff just pointed out to me, is, the other impact is Canada has had a very difficult market. Not just for us, for everybody. And, the results there have been, from a bottom line standpoint, haven't been positive. So, and that's across the board. Even with our competitors, because it's a commodity, energy-based market. So, those numbers have dragged down significantly too this quarter. That's the other big factor.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we're – for the moment we're sticking with for the year that to exceed 15% margin. We would like to hit 12% ROE. We know we're behind that, even for the first 6 months here. Still, our 12% ROE goal, in this particular interest rate environment. As we get into the 2016 budgeting process, we're going to be revisiting the targets for margins in all of our businesses. As well as the overall firm. And, when we arrive at those, we'll make them more public. But, for this fiscal year we haven't shifted in the middle of the year here because we don't expect any change in interest rates either.
Paul Reilly: I don't think the robo-advisor factor is certainly topical, but not impacting our business really at all. So, I think we've been running under our technology and investment run rate, which has helped drive our recruiting. Because, we have a extremely competitive platform in technology now and we continue to advance it. But, we've told you it's low-to-mid 60s as a run rate. And, we believe as a run rate average, that's what we're going to come in this quarter. The marketing, our budget for the year, is the same budget we've had all year. It's just lumpy. We just had a bigger expenses quarter because we run them in flights. We don't run all year round and it just happened to hit this quarter. So, I don't think anything in the expense. Sure, we run high levels of back office support. We always have. It's part of our model. But, I don't anything's fundamentally changed. And, if you look at the first 6 month run rates and what we've given as guidance, we don't see anything that's fundamentally different. It's just a – we got a lot of hits this quarter.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we're very clear that our strategy is, first, has to have a cultural hit. Secondly, it's strategic fit. And, third, has to be at a fair price. And, the hardest filter is the first one. A lot of the companies that we're interested in, because they share our culture and, we think our values and background, are private and not for sale. So, that's problematic. But, we believe a number of those companies will go through owner, founder transitions. So, we stay close to them. So, we continue to talk to a lot of people. We stay very close. We're very active. We're very desirous of doing something. But, they have to fit the criteria. So, I'll tell you, we're more and more active and we talk on more and more deals and upwards. But, we're very disciplined on spending cash.
Paul Reilly: It's recruiting. It's net at new assets. We've had net asset inflows and we've – just recruiting is very very strong, and that drives asset management also.
Paul Reilly: It – that's kind of hard to say. I would say overall, if you look at where we are in terms of size and distribution power, that we should be able to. If one source of payment goes down and we have to change it, you would assume that, I don't know in the short term. But, over time, it's going to even out. And, in the worst parts of the law, you would say we'd have to get rid of some accounts and assets because they're not cost-effective. On the other hand, those accounts are not profitable to us, in general anyway. So, it's really hard to tell the net income. I do think, that at the end of the day, it's a very competitive market. We have a valuable franchise and distribution. And, I think people are going to pay us fairly to access that. But, I don't how it's going to look.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't think it's – philosophically, a year ago, the board's position was that we felt we could deploy the capital and that a nominal share buyback was really kind of a false signal. We knew it pacify people, but it really didn't move the needle but 1 or 2% in the deployment of capital to be stronger. I think we reported after the last board meeting, that it was an item that was under further discussion. And, I think an item that will be looked at again. We've told you guys and our shareholders, our job isn't to hoard capital. We don't do it. In fact, our – holdbacks on our compensation each year as a management team are RSUs. Half of that holdback is indexed to ROE targets. So, we're not incented to hoard capital for the heck of it. We're trying to do what's best for our shareholders and how we think we can use it. So, the topic and discussion of the board is not dead. I'm sure it'll come back up and if we can't find uses for the capital, we will look at ways of returning it. So, I think it's a fair question, Doug. I'm surprised it took so long to come up. But, maybe we had enough operating expense questions, that it took a little longer to hit this time. But, it's a fair question and we are looking at.
Paul Reilly: Yes, right now I remind our people, don't believe the press everyone's writing about us. Because, they're going to write other stuff someday. So, but the truth is our recruiting's going great. We've been one of those firms that have just been attractive to advisors. Pipeline's very strong. It's lumpy. We have a lot of people that like to change after year end. Just like in other places. After their bonuses and things. But, having said that, if you look at the pace of – in summer months it slows down a little bit typically. But the pace and the backlog are very very strong. And, our discussions aren't, are they going to fall off? It's, maybe we should even increase our recruiting sales force more and take advantage of the position we're in. So, the six-month year end outlook is very very good. But, we know these things don't go forever. And, just like good markets don't go forever. So, we're trying to take advantage of it while we can. And, also to make sure our FAs are very very happy here and that we keep continue with high support level. So, and retention is the key. I think our real net recruiting's really good. But, the nice thing about the firm is we don't have to chase a dark hole that a lot of firms have to chase with advisors leaving. Our regret attrition stays low and that's a big focus for us too. So, the outlook is still good.
Paul Reilly: I'd say the trend has continued so far. Certainly, at the last few years we always wondered every quarter if it was the bottom, but, it wasn't. As people stop trading, and certainly the 2 big drivers of the fixed income business there, is rate volatility and slope of the yield curve. So, if the Fed raises short-term rates and we have a flat yield curve at 2% from 1 day to 30 years, it wouldn't be good for the business. If there's volatility and speculation on that, it's good for the business. So far, that momentum has kept up and it's nice to see for us that institutional commissions have picked up and there's activity and that's continued so far. So, how long it lasts is a function of volatility in the markets and what happens with the rates. We've got a great team though. We've got a really – I've told our team in the last 2 years we had an A+ team working in a D market. And, I think when a business is really terrible and you can stay at double-digit margins, you're doing really well and they've done a good job.
Paul Reilly: The philosophy of this firm way before me is to be very conservative in client product. And, then every new product is to say, the first green isn't what we make. Is it good for the advis – for the client? Does it give returns compared to other things existing in the market? Is the risk less for the return? And, is it explainable? So, very early on, the firm was a pioneer in requiring, in variable annuities, to lower the front-end fees. In fact, firms had to manufacture those products specifically for us because we didn't want the upfront loads. And, pricing of the riders and everything had to be fair. It wasn't about the firm. It was the client. Our non-traded REITs. We've stayed out of that market. It's not that we think all non-traded REITs are bad, but, we look at liquidity versus return and the valuations of – and we said it's not worth it for clients. You looked at closed-end funds. We have very strict leverage ratios. It doesn't mean there's a lot of great product that we won't sell. But, we said, hey, the leverage in the return isn't worth the yield enhancement. So, that's always been our philosophy and it's been the philosophy in the products and the things we sell. Now having said that, I think for a lot of accounts, commissions are a lot better for small accounts than a continuing fee. And, at the heart of this fiduciary standard, commissions are bad, isn't fair. And, that's the heart of the debate. Now, we can all find examples in the industry and all of our firms where there's always the 1% bad actors. But, you shouldn't penalize all the really great people that are doing the right thing for clients. We should get after those folks as an industry and as regulators to make sure we penalize the misbehaviors and take care of those clients. Instead of just messing up the whole industry. Which, honestly, I believe will leave millions of people without advice and that they're getting today. So, that's the heart of the debate. So, and we're still in it and we're continuing to work with the DOL. The great thing is all the trade groups are in line on this. And, we don't have a split between the custodial firms and the broker/dealers. And, then we all, kind of, agree on this approach and we'll see where it ends up.
Paul Reilly: It depends how you look at it. There's probably a couple hundred million, 200 to 300, if you really go through it. But, we also have a bond issue coming due next year. And, people could say, well, why don't you just refinance in these low rates? We tend to be very anti-debt. Again, not just for our clients. We keep the same philosophy for ourself. And, so when we look at that, that's kind of the excess level. And, it doesn't mean that we couldn't do a much larger transaction in a good asset management business and take on some more debt and use our equity. So, we're not adverse to it for the right situation. But, we kind of, view that as, kind of, the excess real capital that we have today.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I don't know if I can make that call. There's certainly been a lot of activity and speculation in the equity mark – in the energy markets of people making bets that oil's going down and oil's going up. So if – and clients, we have a lot of people that have gotten in.
Paul Reilly: And, so, the commission drop is, as Jeff pointed out, as I said in my remarks is really underwriting driven. There's nothing else fundamentally. So, if you took out those factors, it would – there wouldn't have really been a decline.
Paul Reilly: Again, we think we've taken a very conservative approach overall. I believe we have some of upside on that.
Paul Reilly: Well, that relates to the shift in, to the lower fee products that I, that was talked about earlier. If, maybe you weren't on the call then. But, if you just look at the – a mix of where the assets in the – are being held, it's – there's been a bit of a shift to some of the lower fee products to us. Particularly, the Freedom account products. Which, again, as I mentioned, were, are mutual – managed mutual fund portfolios that have pretty high embedded costs already in the underlying mutual funds. So, we add a fairly modest margin on top of that.
Paul Reilly: Well, thank you all for joining us. We know it was a difficult quarter. I wish we could give better guidance as these – as this quarter happens. It's the same thing as last year. Net strong, we think, start to the year. Our best first 6 month start ever. We've gotten, if you look at the key indicators of our business, recruiting, FA count, assets under administration, assets under management, net bank loans, all at quarterly, kind of, records. And, so, that's going to position us well for the next quarter. And, we have to fight in this environment like everyone else to bring it in. So, I – just make sure that when you look at the quarter and, kind of, normalize the expenses, I think the six-month run rate is a good proxy for that. So, thank you for attending us. We know on a busy day here with a lot of calls. And, we'll talk to you soon. Thank you, Therese.
Jeff Julien: Kind of makes sense. The bank's not intentionally slowing down just because of that constraint. They lend when they find good opportunities to participate in credits that meet are – that meet our quality standards and our return standards. And, that gets lumpy. You saw it really big in the first quarter and you saw it slow down a lot this quarter.
Jeff Julien: Or, something like that. But, not much different than most full-service firms that focus on financial planning.
Jeff Julien: The percentage may have moved, but if you look at dollars, it's not much. It's in a normal fluctuation. So, I think, there's nothing underlying that we're worried about, that's driven any increase there. Is just our normal credit process and trying to be conservative and doing the best job we can at estimating that. And, trying never to be behind the curve.
Jeff Julien: Hey Hugh, and this is the one we've been terrible at guidance, because we just don't know. We've seen when we say it's slowing down, we all of a sudden, like the December quarter, we had a huge quarter. So, we just – we're very focused when the markets are right and we get the right credits, we act. And, when they're not, we slow down. So, it's a hard one to tell you how we really – where we see it going because it can open up like a spigot and it can slow down in terms of the things that we're interested in lending on.
Jeff Julien: Chris, we have a line in the queue that we provide that just shows what we earn from mutual fund companies of – all types of fees and revenues we earn from mutual fund companies in the private client group segment. But, again, going back to Paul's comments, we're not even sure that those fees would actually be totally impacted by the new proposal. As we, kind of, go through it and look through all the exemptions. So, we haven't disclosed a estimate of what portion of those fees we think would actually be impacted is, because we don't know what that estimate would be. So, until we get more guidance on that item, you can kind of reference that line item in the queue under the private client group segment. That's probably as good a number as any for you to look at.
Jeff Julien: Yes, I'd say Chris, and even over comparing this to a year ago or 2 years ago or anything else. That, we have – we're bigger. So, we have some increased absolute expenses. But, the only area I'd say that disproportionately has increased in expenses has been compliance and regulatory. Which, is obviously mainly in the admin side of the P&L comp expense, but.
Jeff Julien: I don't see anything fundamental in the other expense line items that are responsive to anything in the environment.
Jeff Julien: Sure. I mean, it's – your margins definitely are not going to be rising forever. So, given our current mix of businesses. Once we get the benefit of interest rate lift, and we will get some modest benefits of scale in some of the businesses over time. But, it won't be as material as the impact of interest rates. So, I've – if, a couple hundred basis points from here in terms of margin, is probably a realistic cap. Given the dynamics and businesses that we're in today. The world can change on a dime, but we don't anticipate that.
Jeff Julien: Yes, it's been a pretty – if you look at the components of our assets, which I think are disclosed in the queue in chart form. The components of our AUM, you'll see that the growth has come in what we would call our lower fee type products. Which, the most of – a lot of, large part of the growth has come in the lower fee products. Predominantly, the product we call, "Freedom." There's a Freedom in our Freedom UMA, which are managed mutual fund portfolios. And, given the significant costs embedded in mutual funds already, we don't feel like we can layer on a particularly large charge on top of that to manage that. So, that's where a lot of the growth has come from and it's a very low fee relative to, say, a separate managed account where you're managing equities.
Jeff Julien: I mean, they're buying a lot of sectors, not just energy. And to – low energy prices are good for a lot of other sectors. So, that – it definitely – the equity commissions were down. But, that was just related to the underwriting activity. Maybe, underwriting activity'll pick up in some of the other sectors that are beneficiaries. Others that are beneficiaries.
Jeff Julien: And we're adding SVUs and we were just continuing to build out, both consumer and life sciences to help augment some of the underwriting activity of the firm.
Jeff Julien: We're, there – it's kind of hard to go into detail at this point in time. But, there's some pretty significant pots of assets that it's unclear to us just exactly how they're supposed to be treated. And, we've asked for regulatory guidance. And, like I said, we've treated them all as though they're the most heavily. But, I don't want to get into any of the details right now. Until we get the regulatory guidance. It won't – I mean, it's not going to move the ratio 10,000 basis points. It might move it 100 basis points.
Jeff Julien: The client gets billed based on the number of days in the quarter over 365. So, we're getting a lower fee in that quarter from clients. Given it's 90 days, instead of 92 or 92 or 91, which the others are for that quarter. And, that into the investment advisory fee line item. And, obviously, it affects interest earnings as well at the bank, which is done on a daily basis. So 2.2% fewer relative to December quarter. It's the same as last year's March though.
Jeff Julien: Oh, the advertising spike was, called a spike, was between $4.5 million versus a normalized run rate. So, I would say it was a little bit slanted toward that. Because recruiting's been active for a while. But, I'd say it was a little bit more slanted toward the TV air time purchases. To the tune of $4 to $4.5 million. Something in that range.
Jeff Julien: But, Chris, if you look at the first 2 quarters compared. First half of the fiscal year versus the last fiscal year, the margin improved from 33.6% to 36.6%. So, there was about a 300 basis point improvement in margin on a year-over-year basis. If you look at the first 6 months, which is important to do because of the noise you may have in any 1 quarter that can really impact their margins given their revenue base. So, there is operating leverage occurring, as Paul mentioned in his opening remarks.
