Paul Shoukry: Yes, let me start. The other Paul, the two Pauls here, but let me start by saying first. People are talking about, well, what's the difference to this program, that program? Our sweep programs are very, very different. So I want to set a stage first that if you look at our sweep programs, we offer from 25 to 300 basis points, the programs that people have been talking about offer one basis point to 50 basis points. So we start off with a whole different value proposition. We have $3 million of FDIC per individual or $6 million joint in the sweep. We have also in our programs, very competitive money market funds or institutional class available to everyone irrespective of the size of investments. And you can see how those have grown dramatically. We have enhanced savings program, again, offering high rates and up to $50 million of FDIC insurance, which you've also seen grow. And our advisors and clients, if you look at the shift, have taken appropriate actions to invest the money. So I don't know what's happening in some of the other programs. I can tell you ours are well thought through, we think are very compliant. And as we look at the announcements and changes, they're not very specific yet, right? So we've prided ourselves, subject to criticism, even from this group, maybe at times for having such high sweep rates. But we've done it because we believe both it's the right thing to do. And it's regulatory, that was compliant with what we understand. So we're going to have to look at movements and each of the movements have been a little different. We don't know totally what they apply to. So, we don't see anything that we know of today that's forcing us to change rates, but we meet weekly and we're going to be competitive. So if the competitive landscape of rates change, we have to be competitive both for our advisors and our clients. So that was more of an unknown comment, Paul saying, if things happen, we're going to adjust. But as of today, we're looking at stuff, but with no current plans.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I think that, you know, the operating leverage, as we grow assets, we believe we can accomplish it. There were, you know, a number of factors. We certainly have the whole industry has had a strong equity market, maybe until the last week or two, but in cash spreads have also continued to support the businesses. But we believe that as we grow, and especially our use of technology in the back office, and I know that's one of Paul's keys focus as we transition over this next year to double down on that, we believe we can get operating leverage and still be able to keep our very high levels of support. So our advisors and our latest survey gave us 95% satisfaction rate, almost 60% net promoter score on service. So we believe that's a hallmark, but we believe with technology, we can make it better and easier for them as we continue to spend more money on that part of the service and the reason better service, but also much better leverage.
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Devin, Paul Shoukry here. The securities-based loan growth during the quarter, as you point out, was really nice to see. And I think it was due to one, payoffs and paydowns really decelerating since rates started rising. That was a big drag on loan growth in the SBL portfolio. So that has subsided, and also in borrowers and clients getting used to the new levels of rates. So that's also been -- they're tapping into their lines and borrowing more from their SBL. So we're cautiously optimistic that trend could continue going forward. And long-term, as you know, we're very bullish on the prospects for growth and securities-based loans. We think it's a very attractive product for clients. And we knew that there'd be some headwinds as rapidly as rates have risen, that there'd be some headwinds as clients get used to the higher level of rates. But going forward, we're growing more optimistic that we'll continue seeing growth in that portfolio.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So kind of offsetting some of the funding cost pressures that you're describing there is a loan growth that we experienced throughout the quarter and the continued asset growth that we would hope to experience going forward, so that's, we said flat or maybe down nominally, but that's what's driving that guidance.
Paul Shoukry: I mean, what we could say is that within fee-based, all fee-based accounts, we have about $15 billion of cash sweep balances and that excludes the custody business. And then, within that, to Paul's point, it's very, there's some risk of fiduciary, there's some other types of programs within that, but that's all fee-based accounts.
Paul Shoukry: Hey, Kyle. Yes, a lot of that is initiatives that we run where we offer kind of a higher rate for new cash that comes into the sweep program to the firm and/or maturities from money market funds, treasuries, and those type of things where clients want the functionality of the sweep program, but want a comparable rate to move over and benefit from the FDIC insurance and the availability of the cash in the sweep program. So as we've kind of implemented those initiatives, we've been able to effectively bring over cash from those sources through the quarter, which while it increases the average cost of the funding, it increases also the amount of funding that we have and it's still net attractive. So it's really a win-win-win initiative that we've put into place in the sweep programs.
Paul Shoukry: I think now it's roughly somewhere in the 15% to 20% range of the total sweep balances that are in those type of programs.
Paul Shoukry: We're not programmatic, so we're not going to give you a hard number. A lot of factors play into it in terms of the sources and uses of cash and capital. But yes, we definitely intend on increasing the pace from 243, which I know was higher than many people expected even during this past quarter. But we have lots of capital, lots of cash, and we remain committed to keeping that within our targets over a reasonable period of time.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So we offer, our grid starts, as Paul said, from 25 basis points, goes all the way up to 3% on the cash sweep program, and you know, there has been some migration and mix shift to the higher yielding programs and initiatives that we've offered, which are actually closer to 5%. And so, what all of this is happening, what hasn't really been there for the us or the industry is loan growth. And that's actually impacted our capital ratios as well, because our earnings have been very strong, but the loan growth across the industry has been muted. So that's ultimately the driver of both NIM and more importantly, net interest income, which actually impacts the bottom line, will be driven by loan growth, which will drive higher yields and higher earnings overall. And so that's kind of what we're as an industry waiting for. We started seeing some improvement on the SBL side, and we're optimistic that with more corporate activity, we'll start seeing more activity on the corporate side eventually as well.
Paul Shoukry: It'll largely depend on the competitive environment. But because we have been generous in passing rates to clients and through these other programs that have near money market fund rates like Enhanced Savings Program, et cetera, that we should have a lot of sensitivity to the downside as well in both the asset and on the funding side of things. So, we do feel like we have an ample amount of cushion. But again, it'll depend on the competitive environment and the demand for cash across the industry as rates go down.
Paul Shoukry: We've generated record results now for the last three years and three quarters. And those were in very different interest rate environments. And so, we are confident in our ability to perform very well in any kind of interest rate environment, because we have diversified and complementary businesses. So, for example, lower interest rates, at least in the last cycle, certainly supported our M&A business and our fixed income business and supported loan growth. We had records, securities based loan growth, during the COVID period because partly due to the lower rates. So there's different things that benefit us in different rate environments. But to your point, on a relative basis, because we have been so generous in passing on the rates to our clients and offering these other programs, we feel like we're relatively well-positioned on that front as well.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I mean, we continue to believe that we're closer to the end of the sorting cycle than the beginning. And some of the metrics that Paul discussed just in the fee-based accounts, having $8,900 of cash sweeps per account, whereas we have $22,600 of money market funds, CDs and treasuries. A lot of these clients, to the extent they had investable cash balances, have been invested in the higher yielding alternatives. As we've always said since the very beginning, and we're one of the first, if not the first, to say it, we're not going to declare the end of the trend until we have several quarters of history to look back on and start seeing growth in the cash balances. And ultimately, that growth will come from the stabilization of the runoff and the migration and the growth of -- the continued growth, which we've had phenomenal growth of client assets. And as we retain, recruit advisors and those advisors bring on more client assets, there'll be cash associated with that, and that ultimately will drive the growth and the balances.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, well, we have, I mean, the initiative itself, we have some levers on and around, largely rate, right? So to the extent that we want to continue bringing in cash from the outside, rate is a big lever. We actually just announced that we're reducing the rate on the high-yield portion of the program that brings in the new cash from the outside, because we have pretty big buffers now with over $17 billion of cash swept to third-party banks that we can reposition and bring on to fund our own bank over time. So, it really just depends on how much of the initiative that we want to continue to pull in that we actually, again, just announced that we're reducing the rate. It's still very attractive, higher than 5%. But we're not going to, again, declare completion of any type of trend until we have several quarters of history. Otherwise, it's just speculation.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So if you look at our advisory, sweeps, we'll just focus on those. It's about 2.5% of those assets are in cash and to us that's frictional cash. You can't find an institutional portfolio or anyone that doesn't have some cash in it at those levels for trading, for paying fees, for whatever you do in them. So we view that as frictional or spending cash. The average cash amount in those accounts are $8900. I mean, so I don't know where you go to a bank and get kind of our sweep rates at that amount of cash. So the other thing, if you look at those accounts and you can tell the shift, because before rates started moving, it was just cash in those accounts. Total money markets, CDs and treasuries are 22,600 for those accounts. I'm sorry, the money markets, CDs, treasuries combined are 22,600 in the account. So you can see it's much more invested, certainly on higher yield instruments. So, we believe that at $8900 [ph], 2.5%, that's a very low rate of cash to have sitting for transactions. So, we think it's, you know, we're putting clients money to work with those numbers.
Paul Reilly: I think the forces that could be happening if there was a squeeze on cash in the industry, where would you get the cash? You would offer higher rates to get it out of treasuries and money market funds and whatever. I think that cash has seemed to have stabilized pretty much everywhere. Starting to anyway, who knows where that goes? We have a very clear buffer still for operating our business. But I think a demand for cash or if rates go up, you start to see, that would pressure. But if rates go down and there's plenty of cash, I don't see what really squeezes that outside of following the market as rates fall. So I don't see anything else barring some unusual thing in the industry.
Paul Reilly: No, that's a great question. And let me explain the disclosure first. So on advisory accounts, cash has no different payment in terms of the advisor than any other asset class. So if they have a million dollar account and they're charging 1%, they're getting $10,000 in fees. If there's zero cash in there, they're getting $10,000 in fees. If there's 5% cash, they're getting $10,000 in fees. There's no indirect incentives and trips or rewards or points or anything. There is zero incentive in advisory account to do anything but what's in the best interest of your client. And I assure you, there's nothing from home office that even asks them about it, where we've been known and continued, advisors should be doing the right things for their clients. And of course, we have supervision, making sure it doesn't go the other way. But you know, we have a great group of advisors and by the movements, they're doing what they should be doing. The disclosure really talks about some limited things and the brokerage side. And let me explain that one that we've had some fundraising programs like the ESP program, where for high rate money market types of rates that we've allowed advisors to be compensated in those programs, they are not compensated a penny on the sweeps. So the only incentive that they have is to go -- is to put clients for compensation into higher rate accounts. They have zero compensation on the low rate accounts. So brokerages be like dropping a ticket into some of their investment if they put it into those high rate accounts. They're doing the right thing for clients, it costs us more money. So we don't believe there's any conflict whatsoever. But the fact that we've done that in limited cases. We put that disclosure in, to cover that. And regulatory wise, they like it very clear that instead of you could pay that you are paying, but it's been a very nuanced circumstance. But again, it's all for the very high rated, quite high rate types of programs.
Paul Reilly: Yes, when you're looking at the focus on cash, that's the only thing I can imagine, that's the only thing where there's compensation at all for cash directly or indirectly. It's just on those very small investment vehicles like ESP that we've put into brokerage. And that's it. I mean, there is no other -- advisors have opportunities on asset growth and net new assets, but it has nothing to do with cash. I mean, if they bring in net new assets, we have a net new asset program that can benefit advisors, but it's nothing -- it's not centered on cash.
Paul Reilly: I think are we digesting? Sure, we're watching, but I mean, I don't. Again, we don't anticipate anything. We, you know, as you learn things, you might make tweaks here or there, but we're just going to have to see what plays out as what we know today. But we'll talk about it in our next cash meeting, but we have no plans going in to make changes at this point, but that doesn't mean we won't.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we've been, the recruiting is actually backlog has been picking up. It's extremely strong. I've said the last few quarters, we're not surprised by it anymore, but we were surprised the large number of $5 million, $10 million, even $20 million teams. It's continuing and we continue to get new ones, both joining, committed and in the pipeline that I think we're competing very, very well for. So the recruiting activity remains strong and we're still very optimistic on it. And I think we're we don't see anything right now that's slowing down the pace, so that's been really good news for us.
Paul Reilly: There's so many words. There's so many terms in fiduciary, right? There's a risk of fiduciary, there's best interest, there's, you know, and they all have different responsibilities and rules and everything else. So I don't know the best number we could give.
Paul Reilly: And some of those are firm managed, some of them are advisors with discretion and there's some with advisors without discretion where they have to clear everything with a client. So, they -- so but that's the total number if you looked at it.
Paul Reilly: Yes. And again, almost the average on those accounts is $8900 and 2.5%. So it's not -- it's really the residual cash residing on average in those sweeps in those accounts.
Paul Reilly: No, we anticipate one coming. It's probably in the next quarter. So that's the one we've been talking about. But it hasn't happened. It'd be nice if it didn't. But we anticipate it will still happen. That's the one we wanted to flag. But it has not happened yet.
Paul Reilly: As we said, if we couldn't find the -- we're still looking at M&A activity. It's our preferred, but if we couldn't find it, we'd return it. We haven't been able to find them yet, so we're going to start being more aggressive on returning to keep the capital ratios back where we think they should be.
Paul Reilly: I think the, you know, very active, there's reasonable opportunities. Some are pricey. But for us, it's the right culture fit and integration and frankly, we're, as you can see by this quarter, in the last few, our earnings are very, very strong. So, this capital ratio tweaks up, we want to get it back in a proper range. So we think we can still be a lot more aggressive on the buybacks and still have the ample capital if something happens. So it's just saying, we don't expect anything of a size that there's no reason not to be more aggressive on returning it to shareholders.
Paul Reilly: Yes. If you're in a suite -- if you have a suite program, it's one to 50 basis points. You get a 50 basis point drop over two cycles. It's kind of hard to respond. We have plenty of room in ours and still be very competitive in the market today.
Paul Reilly: Yes, well, I guess there's so many ways, it's hard to tell, right? A big source of growth and income used to be, can be one fees and other things and they've become less of a factor over time. Certainly asset based fees, if you look at how they price versus the broker dealers. Asset based pricing is becoming more common. There's all sorts of ways and part of that depends on regulatory. You could have performance fees. You could have -- I think it's hard to tell where it evolves. I think in the business, I don't know, people talked about consulting fees or hourly rates. I don't think anyone likes a lawyer or accountant's bill when they spell out hours. So I don't think it will go there, especially given the value of the relationship with an advisor where they -- it's -- it's everyone always thinks about the investment part. And that that is part of it. But a lot of it is really the advice, the family advisors. And they've become a big part of the lives of clients. So there's all sorts of stuff that they change anyway over time. Maybe it'll get more asset based. We certainly have countries that the UK, Australia, where it's just direct charges, the clients have to be in fees. So it's very clear. It could evolve all sorts of ways. But it's a very competitive, mature industry. And I think that people will find a way to adjust. We've had to adjust through zero interest rates and high interest rates and all sorts of things. And we've kind of adjusted as we've gone along. So 10 years out in our industry seems like forever. Maybe it's because I'm old and Paul has to worry about it.
Paul Reilly: Well, I guess, my quick answer would be, what do you get on your checking account, right? There's a cost to having it on the platform. There's a cost to servicing it. It's transactional, so it has more transactions, so there's a cost. I mean, if the standard for BI is you have to pay a rate that's way uneconomic to operate a business, I don't know what that means. I don't think that is the standard under BI. It's put clients first and be fair and take their interests at heart first. And I think that transactional cash, at 25 basis points, it's a lot more than you're going to get on your checking account, is very reasonable. So I mean, there may be disagreements. I think a standard like that is, I wouldn't understand how you can come up with that.
Paul Reilly: There are a lot of fiduciary accounts, I agree, that you look at institutional asset managers, they have a fiduciary relationship, but they don't have zero cash in their portfolios. I mean, so if you want to benchmark it to other fiduciary relationships of this type of investments, it would be a real outlier to say, all that cash has to be 100% invested because it's not reality, the way accounts work. That would say we have to not only sort the cost, so we'd have to fund the transactions because there wouldn't be cash in the account or sell out securities in order to fund these transactions or other things. I mean, I think that, to me that's not a reasonable standard.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, I appreciate all the questions and you're on the call. I want to remind everybody we had a very good quarter, but I understand all the questions and cash sweeps. So, appreciate. Hope we were helpful in all of our responses and thank you for joining us.
