Mark Sullivan: Mike, this is Mark. In Q3, we were able to take the opportunity to reduce our effective tax rate for '17, but I think it's probably helpful to put some historical context on our program. Our investment in 2013 was about $3 million. Last year, it was a little greater than $9 million. And this year, it'll be north of $20 million. So it's grown as we've grown. One of the key things though is as much as it's opportunistic, it has to meet our underwriting standards before we'll make an investment, whether it's LIHTC, HTC, energy credit, whatever the case may be. As far as the continuation of the program, 2008 is somewhat complex and a bit of a tricky issue in that we're in a holding pattern right now, as we don't know what the rate will be in 2018, given the potential legislative changes in corporate tax reform. I think we can assume it will be significantly less than the current 35%. But we've got to keep in mind, too, that for the industry, they'll be a onetime charge because of the write-down of the deferred tax asset as a result of the lower rates. So I think as far as the program on a go forward, I think the best answer I can give you is we're on a holding pattern.
Mark Sullivan: Yes. I think, Mike, looking on a go-forward basis, you've got to look both short-term and long-term. And short-term, specific to Q4, we don't have a Fed rate hike. So the margin, like, will be flat to possibly some slight compression. But more importantly, in the longer term outlook, the momentum that we're seeing in treasury management in terms of no cost and low-cost DDA coming on board, that's kind of translated into a flattening of our cost of funds. And so in '18, we'll keep a larger share of the anticipated rate hikes that are going to impact '18. I know you asked about NIM, but the thing to keep in mind is our focus is always NII, EPS, which is north of 20% in '17, we'll continue that way in '18.
Mark Sullivan: Yes. I will say, assuming that there's a 35% rate, corporate rate in 2018, we would likely continue on the same path of the program that we were in on in '16 and '17. But again, I mean, there's a question we know the LIHTC is going to continue. There's a question if the historic tax credits will continue or not. There's some question in -- on the energy credits at this point. So again, I think, rather than sort of predict '18, I think it's best just to stay I think as an industry that a lot of people are kind of taking a wait-and-see attitude.
Mark Sullivan: Yes. What you want to keep in mind, Matt, is that our commercial real estate portfolio is spread across 4 states and 5 loan production offices that cover multiple MSAs. The focus of the commercial real estate lending is on end-market borrower relationships with credit secured on by end-market properties. And if you look at -- our non-owned or occupied commercial real estate loans represent about $1.1 billion of the portfolio. We're about 28% of our total loans. And if you look at that and look at the breakup, there is some retail there. There is a rich retail loan portfolio is comprised of the smaller retail properties that we view as important in defensible physical locations. For example, we have no regional mall exposure at all. Our retail exposure is very well at approximately 3% of the loan portfolio. And then, of course, everyone talks about multifamily. Our multifamily loan portfolio is comprised totally of non-luxury properties and our footprint, with strong sponsor relationships, diversifying across all of our markets and MSAs. We believe in our underwriting and our strong relationship-based lending approach, which is made possible by that very strong experience and knowledge of our commercial real estate team. We believe that we're positioned smartly to do business in this product type. And we actively monitor this asset class. If you look at a breakdown compared to the total loan portfolio, about 3% is retail, 2% is industrial and warehouse CRE, 4% is off the CRE, 6% is multifamily, 4% is other CRE and about 12% is owned or occupied. And if you look at the pricing that we're seeing, it's ranging from anywhere like 250 basis points over LIBOR to maybe 325 over LIBOR. And the average size loan is about $3.5 million in size.
Mark Sullivan: Yes. Russell, Mark here. On the provision expense, if you look at banks $3 billion to $5 billion in assets and their credit cycle, a little bit of uptick, but probably averaging about 15 bps on loans outstanding. And then you look at us with over half of our loan portfolio in private banking, we would expect to continue to run significantly under that.
James Getz: Yes, the pipeline continues to be relatively strong. We have made, over the past couple of years, a commitment to that segment of the business, and particularly, to sole bank deals. And so we're really very committed to C&I growth. We also are emphasizing that the owned or occupied portion, with regard to the commercial real estate portfolio. So I think you're going to see it up pretty handily. If you look at the commercial portfolio, it's up about 18% over the past 12 months. And that's a major improvement over what you've seen in growth in times past. So this is a major part of our book of business. And we have carved out an interest in niche. We have very experienced bankers. And I think you're going to see it growing handily, and we're readily benefiting this. I mentioned, a few moments ago, from the M&A activity occurring particularly in the Philadelphia and the Cleveland region. So I think you can count on this meaningfully contributing to what we've given some guidance on under the 15% growth where we've continually given direction.
James Getz: And one of the reasons is, Russell, we feel very confident in that is that -- that's why I pointed out in the script that we had no loans, 30-plus days past due at the end of this quarter, but for the past 2 years, we haven't had any loans, 30 days past due. And that gives you an idea of the segue into adverse-rated credits. But obviously, we have to put more reserves again. So this portfolio is really, at this point, in pretty decent shape.
James Getz: It's always in a state of flux as you're going through this courtship period. So I'd probably give you a different response last quarter than I'm giving this quarter. We have a couple of situations that we're actively working on, but we have nothing that I would say that would come to fruition within the next quarter or so at this point. But we are in discussions with an awful lot of people at this point, and we're in discussions with some people that it's been a couple of years that we've been talking with them that we feel that we're making some progress. But what you want to do, particularly on the asset management side, is you have to make the right decision. Sometimes, the best strategic decision you can make is not to do something. And so we're looking carefully at these companies and their track record but also their cultural fit with us. So I'm hoping that we can bring something to fruition next year.
James Getz: Thank you very much for your continued interest in support of TriState Capital and your participation today. We look forward to speaking with you again in January as we discuss our fourth quarter results. Thanks again, and have a great day.
