Paul Reilly: Thanks Jeff. As we look forward I think first, record number of that days thanks to the great retention and recruiting, it's going to help drive given a cooperative market at the Private Client Group and certainly for successful on the to be formed Alex. Brown division where so far our signs have been over 90%. That should be a great driver for us. And the Capital Markets area, fixed income has been very consistent and performing very well in this market as is public finance, I think on the year end rankings we are eight, total credit to lead nationally. So, from this a lot of this is driven by our combination with Morgan Keegan which has really been four years ago now believe it or not it has really put us at fixed income public finance business a major player. Tax credit funds had a great quarter but it's a spiky quarter even though we look at them having their best year if you look at the backlog, but it was still a good outlook for the tax credit funds and equity capital markets was the question that’s certainly been better and March and April have been better than March, but I wouldn’t call it robust and especially with energy markets we're going to have to see what happens. So, although it is improved, I would say that's the one business where we see potential headwind still. The asset Management, again our internal platforms will benefit from our strong recruiting as they have been. The Eagle net sales have been very heavy, but we still have experienced net outflows in challenging market. RJ Bank who has had very, very strong growth as you can see, we're looking more for a kind of 10% target looking forward in that growth rate and you know that adding loans, net loans is spiky due to loan payoffs and production, so we expect continued growth. Our energy reserves were now 7% to our total outstanding, so we think our reserves are underlying, but certainly continued low oil prices over time will have to probably revisit that now to price to stay low. I'm sure you will have some questions for Jeff. We've achieved these results while investing heavily in our advisors and client facing platforms. Cyber security, our regulatory systems as expectations continue to increase, it's nice to see that we have this scale to be able to do all of these things kind of simultaneously. It's certainly a challenge and the market is achieving that balance. Since someone may on the off chance asked me about the Department of Labor rule, I will try to comment a little bit ahead of time here. First, this was 1000 page rule, which I would describe as a guideline almost more than a rule. It's very hard to interpret. If you want to oversimplify it in most areas it allows you to do about anything under a bid, but you are up to later suits. And so what you do and how you do it is the thing of considerable thought. Our approach has been to say how can we best serve the clients and keep the flexibility of our advisors to serve our clients and that is a dynamic process. I think if you really talk to anyone in the industry, we have one of the leading law firms, consulting firms who are involved in the trade groups no one really understands the full impact yet. And I'm sure there will be rising costs. We can't give you a number but the other hand there's only so much we can do at the time, and we will just have to reallocate resources and probably move some other projects that we have scheduled in Tech and Ops a little bit later, because as you make changes to one system, it impacts the other systems, so it’s very hard to do it simultaneously. So I cannot really give you a number, I’m sure you’ll ask again, but again we’re dealing with it. We will comply, we will be in process and it won’t be free. But I don’t think it’s going to be earth shattering numbers, but it’s still early at this time. I want to end again by with thanking our advisors in these choppy markets, it’s easy to get distracted and our advisors have done a great job focusing and helping our clients and that’s really why we are in business. And also I don’t do this very often, but thanking the management team in this environment to be able to control costs and grow the business is really quite a feat and I really give them credit. So with that, let’s open it up for questions.
Paul Reilly: So, I would say, Devin, right now as recruiting is off home offices up because these are up everything is up. And just for many, many factors, in fact, the one that’s up the most is the independent contractor channel. So, I would say from mobility of it from advisors wanting to move, it hasn’t slowed down at all. Joins and commits are up and very solid pipeline as good of a pipeline as we’ve ever had. So, we don’t see the slowdown in movement will it get to a point where advisor say well do I want to wait a couple months, this might have to repay for DOL and repay to move, might I wait a little bit? Maybe. But we don’t see that indication now. We certainly are focused when we recruit, I’m looking at books to see how much is IRAs and maybe subject to some change and not, but right now the pipelines look great and all the forward indicators are up, overlapping.
Paul Reilly: Yes I would say that first we do have the Alex. Brown transaction coming up and we will look at our capital structure and make decisions on how we finance or pay for that. We do have plenty of opportunities in the market. So I would say from a corporate development it’s very positive. We also have a lot on our plate. So we are trying to choose our opportunities very, say sparingly right now because we have a lot of things to deliver and focusing on the DOL impact of just not hurting the business impact and talking about just the process of change anytime you have that you’re going to spend focus on it. So I don’t think our capital structure or guidance has really changed from what we’ve told you before we’ve been pretty consistent on it. We think we can deploy capital certainly in Alex. Brown, we will. And in these markets we always focus on liquidity. Where we think we have good liquidity right now but if we do Alex. Brown and others that gets tighter in liquidity and we’ll make arrangements for that.
Paul Reilly: On your point about corporate loan fees Devin, in the NIM which increased nicely 19 basis points over the prior quarter. And virtually all of that net was driven by the rate hike. There were higher corporate loan fees from the very low December quarter which had a positive impact, but there was also a negative impact that just about offset that from the bank having higher than projected cash balances throughout the middle of the quarter. Not at the beginning or the end, but at the middle of the quarter they – we saw a big influx and flying cash balances that swept through our Bank and they don’t earn very much on cash balances as you know. So that actually dragged down the NIM to sort of offsetting the corporate loan fee increase. So net the increase really was because of the rate hike.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I would say virtually all the first rate hike is in this quarter, may be a little bit more would come on in the second calendar quarter. But I think from the bank perspective where most of the interest earnings are showing up, I think we guide to a little higher NIM somewhere around this level for the rest of the year. All the factors that I mentioned and they can change, so they can get excess cash, they could have loan fees go up or down, the Fed could move on gross rates again or we could end up increasing rates to clients, it’s a competitive landscape change. So any of those actors can change, but based on where the things are today, I think where was is probably a good level for the balance of the year.
Paul Reilly: Trails, they were actually a little weaker this particular quarter because of mutual fund, I will call the market swoon in the middle of the quarter, as trails are based on average balances for the quarter. So certainly the equity funds – equity-based funds saw a little bit of a decline in trails. So, to the extent that we don’t see another equity markets swoon those could actually recover a little bit from where they were this quarter.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think the outlook in the present market is I don’t foresee any short-term drivers for change. I think you have the big banks who are in the debt origination business which were really not to any degree, certainly have been impacted on the taxable side, the taxables that are certainly off. But the big banks have also, because of the capital requirements, have lowered their inventories. So I think we’re a more go to market which helps us turn in more quickly. And we just have to manage it so that the markets over stop and you have less people with inventories you don’t want to end up with them all. So we think our risk management is very strong and I don’t see any factors right now because the ECB held rates today, I don’t see any factors right now that would say in the short-term we should look any different.
Paul Reilly: I want to get a little color why it maybe a little better than maybe others, the two. We’ve been pretty disciplined about not fixing rates, leveraging the bank with fixed-rate securities and others. We’ve kept it pretty matched floating business compared to others. So those rates came through and frankly we raised rates when the rates came through and no one else did. So, we’ve always said we’ve had two rate rises and most people have done none and we’ve just said well, it’s kind of crazy to be way out in front of the market. And on top of that, balances spiked. So, you add all three together – this sum of what we do is certainly competitively driven and that just ended up, that we ended up with better earnings from that.
Paul Reilly: Yes, looks like the next hike money market funds would actually get off the zero to one basis point train and pass something through to clients but that remains to be seen.
Paul Reilly: Yes, even moving to fee advisory is a big under the DOL rule which means you are taking a fiduciary move with your client to put them on a fee-based platform. So there's no free launch on here. And you know frankly people should do what's in the best interest of the clients. So that's fine. We don't object to that. The problem in the rule is you are almost caught no matter what you do. Even the grandfathering is if your account kind of stays where it is, you are grandfathered as soon as you change anything your ungrandfathered. So the rule is very, very complicated. And I think the early assumption by lot of people was the rule wasn't bad than the rule was horrible. The truth is that a little better, and the adjustments and what takes time is not going to come from just the firm. I mean there are going to be changes in client fees and charges. There could be a change in advisor fees and comp, certainly funds will look – I think the funds and the way we do business with each other will change over time too. So those are all the moving pieces that no one knows. I would say, at the end of the day I don't see anyone in the chain, clients what if I so we have to make sure that we're comfortable for the liability we are assuming now that we can on very small accounts whether its worth it. Mutual funds still want to use us as a platform. They are going to be supportive, there is just going to be a change I think across the business on how everybody does business. So and that's going to take a few months to even figure out. Everyone is in dialogue. And I think the first viewed some people's view was everything was going to fall on the company to absorb all these costs and compression and all of this. And I don't think that's the way it's going to work. So we are still a few months away. We are in dialogue with all of our partners. We are examining first how we can serve clients the best and do the best job for them. Secondly, keeping the flexibility of that phase, and third what is the impact to us and our product suppliers and other partners and what's the right way to structure this, so it's fair and it's compliant. For people that have reacted, I know some people have made changes, some this rule was a good excuse to further their platform objectives, and I am not saying that's bad. But it is just fit it right in. And for us our focus has always been on clients and advisor flexibility, and so we're just not going to jump out. We have time to do this right and we will do it right. So I wish I could give more color than that, but that's – we're working very hard. We have a lot of people, a lot of outside help and I think we'll come through and find. I just can't tell you what exactly it will look like. All those things are under threat, yes, they are under threat, but I don't think they are static, it is very dynamic.
Paul Reilly: I mean some of our – Bill, some of our residential mortgage loans we tend to do adjustable-rate mortgages that are five, sevens, and some tens that have – they are fixed for that period, Jeff has referred…
Paul Reilly: We have – in our statements right now there's probably 45% of the full amount that we would anticipate from the 100. In other words it not 25, 25, 25, 25 with each rate hike, it is more frontloaded than that based on where we are today. So we have got another half at least to go if they raised by the 400. That number we gave you for the 400 is probably still a good number, 169 is probably a little higher now because cash balances have grown. But that $160 million-ish type number is probably still accurate for the 400 basis – again it depends on what the money market fund rates are and competitor rates at that time. That's still about where we would expect to be. We are just getting further along from the first rate hike than we had anticipated.
Paul Reilly: For the Alex. Brown integration expenses, we're going to show on a non-GAAP basis, so it is exclusive of those. And you also have to remember what's going to pressure margins – recruiting is absolutely fantastic. But it does pressure margins in terms of our upfront transition assistance and amortization of that. So that continues to grow. We think a great ROE and a great return on investment. So we've got – I think that as a target of 16% is probably reasonable target, but growth in our other growth investments are going to impact that. Our history on – if you look at our few acquisitions, they always take time to get up and running also. And get through the cost of the systems. At Morgan Keegan, we're very heavy per year in terms of staffing and my guess this year will be little heavy also as we get through the integration process. So, I don't think the target Jeff had put out is probably unreasonable, but it's not a layout either.
Paul Reilly: I would mention Chris we're expecting some positive growth coming out of the Alex. Brown advisor channel, we are excited about getting ready for that opportunity and we would expect growth in our mortgage banking business and securities-based lending business and our margin lending business too coming out of that business. So it should be very helpful for those businesses.
Paul Reilly: Sure. We actually had three full par payoffs in our criticized portfolio of this last quarter that we've downgraded five loans during the quarter, three of which were in the energy sector. So we now have out of the 32 energy loans, eight of them are criticized. That continues to be the largest concentration of criticized loans in the portfolio. There is no other real trends everything else is just unique to the client and company situation is in that portfolio. So still a very good, very good quality on a relative basis. Our level of criticized loans are relatively low still. So yes, continued obviously watch the energy sector in particular very, very closely and try to be very proactive in terms of how we are provisioning against those exposures.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that typically in sectors where you have these issues, there is a bit in the asked and people not trying to hold out and get through as long as they can before they do something or feel like they have to do something. And I think that dynamic is still going on. As you can see there’s been some financings in energy, most recently, so we are seeing for those that are in strong balance sheets, there is some access. And there certainly are some people looking at the consolidation opportunities which gives us M&A opportunities. But I would say that’s – discussions are more active, but it hasn’t really shown too much up in the markets yet.
Paul Reilly: Since we got the first full quarter, I would say somewhere in the high-teens. It’s a little difficult because there is bank growth and client cash balance growth and other things during the quarter, but somewhere in the mid to high-teens.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So, first thing the average assets recruited are higher than our existing average in general. And as we to focus more for those who are in the higher end markets either Southwest or Northeast, they tend to be higher-end advisors. But we’re certainly recruiting higher-end advisors in other places too. So, it takes maybe a year for a lot of people to get all of their assets over, good chunk come in the first six months, but if you look at the pipeline we keep recruiting, so I don’t know if there’s any really net changes. People coming in are being – are starting to bring assets over and we have the new recruits starting to bring assets over that pipeline has been pretty steady, it’s slightly rising. So, I think the trend should continue given the market’s cooperation. And I think for the forward-looking quarter, we’ve got those assets and we should get better billings off of those fee-based assets plus the recruiting should give us a good lift if the markets stay okay.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Sure, Daniel. The outstanding balance of the March 31 in the energy portfolio is $444 million – I’m sorry, $451 million, excuse me. That’s once again 32 borrowers. Our total commitments came down by $28 million on a quarter and now the total commitment is $742 million. So the difference there is the amount of unfunded commitments.
Paul Reilly: I don’t think anyone is fully reserved and oil stays low for a long period of time. So there is certainly companies that are leveraged or asset rich and who are using cash or other things are going to struggle. So I would say if we have sustained oil prices at this level, there will be additions to reserves.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think that’s a potential outcome. And frankly, we like that there are independent firms in the industry. We don’t want to be the only non-big bank owned firm, so – but we look at our costs and certainly any type of layer – layer of regulation really increase costs, especially if you cross the $1 billion, and then you cross $50 billion, you get another level. So it’s certainly – it’s tough on the industry and tough on employers when you have this much regulatory costs, we feel it. And I am sure our friends and competitors, the friendly competitors in other firms who share similar values, it’s got to be tougher on them. So we’re not hoping regulation drives them out of business, but I mean if they make the determination that it’s too costly and they want to join someone who is of like-minded culture for those firms we would welcome them. And I’m not sure that’s a good result for the industry.
Paul Reilly: We actually expect ours to be slightly down from where they are. The mega banks are going to be the ones that feel it a little more than us. We will get the step down but down a little bit of us – full step down and partially back up because of our size. So we actually expect hours to drop but not materially.
Paul Reilly: Great. Thank you all very much. I know you had a lot of questions, so we wanted to allow the time. And most importantly, last quarter I know people thought was a little weaker and this quarter a little stronger, but what we focus really on is on long-term. As I said the end of last quarter, which – that all of the indicators recruitment assets were positive. Yes, I feel the same thing about this quarter. I’m not going to takeover believe this is a long-term business and the good news is our forward indicators are positive. We have a great team of people here working hard, and we have to earn it every quarter. So I appreciate your time and interest this morning and we will talk in three months. Thank you.
Jeff Julien: Yes, I think on a non-GAAP basis, there was about 15.6% this quarter. I think continuing on the non-GAAP basis, it probably should be in the 16% plus range now that we’ve gotten the benefit of that first rate hike given the magnitude of the benefit we’re seeing. And we would probably shoot for that for the balance of the year. Whether we officially set as a target or not, it’s – certainly our goal is to improve it from here.
Jeff Julien: One of the things that helped us past quarter was some of the volatility you saw in the tenure bouncing around, which helps activity a little bit.
Jeff Julien: So I don’t – again I don’t see anything that would say, I would look at it. We wouldn’t expect anything different right now and anything can happen. We think we will get continue good performance.
Jeff Julien: We anticipated that we would, just to tell you why we’re off on our forecast and what we’re guiding people to, we were predicting client cash balances around $34 billion to $35 billion for the year. During the March quarter they spiked and peaked at almost $40 billion. They are back to about $38.5 billion as we sit here today. Most of that is in the bank sweep program, our own bank has had an appetite for a lot of it. But on that off – we’re getting in the high 40s in the bank sweep program, off-balance-sheet program.
Jeff Julien: They are almost all on floating rate. We basically saw 25 basis point increase in the rate actually 24 hedge funds effective only it went up 24 basis points actually. So we actually saw 24 basis point rise in the earning side when we passed about four basis points, so to the clients so far.
Jeff Julien: I think you look at it and that’s absolutely right that if historically, one of our benchmarks has always mutual funds that will be interesting and the environment would gain some liquidity and all that with who is going to be the competitive rates that are for interest rates. So, we assume at some point the market is going to move and pass it on. And I would guess at the next interest rate hike you’d see that .
Jeff Julien: Of our $16 billion balance sheet, all about $1 billion is floating rate. And then the $1 billion that's not to the extent that its got any significant term to it, I guess we may with some security, but we had anything that goes out very long-term, so we are very insulated from interest rate moves.
Jeff Julien: We’ll see some short-term fix stuff and then longer term fix stuff. Longer-term fix stuff which we call seven years or longer that’s the billion I was talking about. We had a substantial portion of that and then all of the other – the vast majority which is a corporate loan portfolio is all floating rate.
Jeff Julien: Yes. We have such a high percentage of floating rate loans through deposits versus other banks which have bigger resi portfolios and bigger security portfolios and we know there are – have fixed rate to them we would naturally benefit a little bit more.
Jeff Julien: A big – a growing portion of the reserve is qualitative in nature. We did add to the energy but there are other factors in the qualitative reserve that we could like upon and I could quite give you one example without giving any specific numbers is we had a qualitative, a course on a qualitative reserve relates to companies that are most sensitive to rapid rises in interest rates. And six months ago when the Fed was – everybody's – the talk was the Fed was going to raise four times this year et cetera, that was a bigger risk for companies that were more interest rate sensitive but that specter has waned somewhat as we've gone on. So that's an example of a qualitative reserve that we didn't need to have as much allocated to. We also have several credit fund loans payouts in full. There are other improvements in the credit quality. The residential portfolio continues to improve. So there are a lot of factors there to build, but you are right we actually increased our reserves against the energy portfolio by $13 million that outstand to 31.7 million as we reference at 7% of our outstanding. So we feel very comfortable with that we’re on top of that situation.
Jeff Julien: We've got some higher than projected expenses with the DOL and other things, but we also are getting a little more help on the interest and accounting service fees than we had expected. So net-net, I think that's probably a reasonable goal to shoot for.
Jeff Julien: Chris, yes, it's been pretty broad over really all of our sectors that you see. And we grew loans in all of our categories residential, securities based lending, our tax exempt business, commercial real estate, and then our large corporate C&I book. So we have grown loans as Paul mentioned 19% year-over-year, we don't expect to grow that rapidly over the next 12 months I think some things in the low double-digit, high single-digits 9% to 11% would be kind of a good target for us for the next 12 months.
Jeff Julien: Yes. We’re not going to change that 68% target on comp ratio. You are right, I mean the rate hike, there’s both a volume and a rate variance here. I mean, obviously the balances are up both at the bank and client cash balances, but the rate that might help. And as the bank became a bigger part, the banks got a very low comp ratio compared to other parts of the firm. So overall, the mix and the rate hike, now the rate hike is going to be with us for the rest of the year too, but we kind of expect the other parts of the business to pick up on a relative basis to the bank and so I think the 68% is probably still where we would shoot more for the year.
Jeff Julien: There will be and that will be fiscal 2017 budgeting issue and how we deal with all of that. But they obviously won’t have much of an impact on the fiscal year.
Daniel Paris: Okay. That’s helpful. Thank you. So I guess if oil stays where we are today, do you feel like you are fully reserve based on your best estimate or we stay at this level for a long period…
Daniel Paris: Okay. Got it. Maybe if I could shift over to the DOL, I understand that its very early days and very unclear. One area that stood out to me, the DOL was specifically talking about was the ability to kind of pitch for 401(k) rollover business. Can you give me a sense of, A, if you agree with that and B, kind of what percent of your organic growth the past few years have come from 401(k) to higher rate rollovers. Well, first, you are allowed to pitch for 401(k) rollover business. You just fall into the BIC and you enter into a fiduciary position that you have to be giving that advice to rollover in the best interest of the clients. So again if you look at most of the standards it says, you about can do anything as long as it is in the best of the clients and be ready to prove you did. So that’s really what the rule over boiled down says. So certainly it has been an area 401(k) because people do retire and want it managed and rollover. I don’t know if it is a huge percentage of our business, but it is – I couldn’t give a percentage, but certainly it has been a part of everybody’s business. And I don’t think it will go away, the standard has raised. But I think the standard of making sure it’s good for the client is fine. There’s nothing wrong with that. That should be the standard. I guess – I think the DOL in their historic position has had a bias saying that it generally wasn’t in the best interest of the client. I think the new rule basically says we’re not trying to force the lowest fee platforms, but just make sure you’re recommending what’s in their best interest. So, anytime a person goes from not having a fee to having a fee, you can argue, they are biased. I just think you have to prove that it’s a reasonable recommendation in looking at the client. And so it will continue. It’s just I think there may be more liability associated with it, certainly more documentation which a lot of these costs are going to be on process and documentation.
Daniel Paris: Okay, got it. That’s helpful. Maybe just one more. I know you guys tend to be very disciplined on capital in general and acquisitions, just curious if you think the final DOL rule makes it more likely for you to pursue wealth deals for smaller players who maybe will struggle with some of the kind of compliance costs that you’ve just outlined here.
