Paul Reilly: Well, I think it's just the shift in philosophy that Raymond James has a platform where we still have the advisors as our clients. We give them an environment that allows them to do what's best for their clients and with no product push. We have no quotas on any product, managers don't have any incentives. I mean, we really want advisors to do what's best for them. So we've had an attractive platform for a long time, and I think in today’s leading technology, and I think the banks as they've tightened some of both their payouts or structures and a lot of advisors feel like there's less flexibility they've been leaving not just for us, but for other places. So, I think the regional firms and us have been the beneficiary of the cost of the -- of a larger wire house firms. And that trajectory has continued, so that's where most of the recruiting has come, it is from the wire house firms. We don't see any slowdown in backlog. Last year was a near record from the year before, and we're kind of on the same pace. So whether it's a record or shorter record, I don't know. But as of today, we still see the same interest in backlog than growth. So, that's been our strategy for a number of years and we don't see it changing in the short-term to mid-term.
Paul Reilly: Yes, that's one thing that as we move assets, if we grow the bank's balance sheet, it's better off with a consolidated firm that it will show lower NIM because it's higher interest spreads and we would earn off balance sheet but it’s the NIM in the bank would be impacted so.
Paul Reilly: So on the first question; I think that the -- how fast we ramp advisors has to do with first, can we find quality advisors that want to come and that we accept? We have an -- we have people that we don't accept too. So pipeline is one issue. Secondly, is we're still below the market. Competition increased significantly last year, but we're able to match still the same recruiting results without increasing our transition assistance like many of our competitors have. So the question really for us is how fast can we grow and assimilate advisors without hurting the service levels of existing advisors because I think what really is driving our numbers is retention. So that's focus number one. Most of the investment hasn't been on what I call pure recruiting. I think we do have the platform, if it went up, and we could find more advisors, we could onboard them. A lot of the investment has been on the supervision and compliance side. And that was in reference to those just are growing to be a larger firm. Certainly, our AML issue a few years ago, if you remember, we decided that we were going to ramp up all of our systems both AML compliance and supervision invested heavily in Mantas and Actimize and other systems which are very expensive. But we Mantas fully up and running and Actimize almost there and a large headcount growth in supervision and compliance. So that will help us ramp people. That part of the infrastructure is very scalable. And I don't think we'll have to increase it, or it'll increase much lower than we can ramp and support advisors. So that part has been the biggest build really starting a couple of years ago. And maybe in a way we invested some of the interest rate spreads to build to our infrastructure when we had that opportunity. So we're in good shape there. So I think you'll see it more in the non-comp. And I think the transition assistance we don't see going down, we're already amongst, probably the lowest in the industry than competitors in what we pay competitive but it is lower. And the ACAP is an industry expense that when people came over, we pay for the accounts to move that’s industry kind of standard. And those kind of fees won’t go away purely for recruiting. But again, we believe those have good ROEs and exceptional long-term mid to long-term benefits to the business.
Paul Reilly: On geography, we continue to increase I think certainly the Northeast; we're seeing a much more activity given our investments there. And the West is growing, I mean, we're growing; I would say that our percent share is still very low. So what I like is that our flags are being expanded. I think we've done better than Northeast and the West, but we're growing percentage wise, the highest in those markets. But again, we have if we can get our market share in the rest of the country in the West and Northeast; we have a lot of growth for a lot of years if we can just achieve that over the next, three to five years, we've got plenty of recruiting opportunities. So we're making progress. Recruiting is interesting, because it's a long process. Very rarely do you get someone who's just going to leave if they do leave quickly. Sometimes there's an issue, so you're cautious. And we have recruits that we said, well, I was here in 2009 and I should have come in and they join us. I have been here for two years before they make the move. So it takes a while to build the momentum and pipeline, I think we're doing a good job in both of those markets making progress. And I still think we have acceleration opportunity there.
Paul Reilly: No, I think it's kind of a static analysis of today's interest rate environments in this market. This is what we would expect. The only way to really impact that is to substantially change our mix or change our path. And I think we like the mix and it'll come and go depending on the quarter payouts, we always -- we do those sparingly. But when we need to do them we do. So as we look through BI and other things, we'll look at that as we always do.
Paul Reilly: I think one of the challenges right now to for the industry is that our focus is Reg BI is effective June 30. So as we look at IT and ops time, it's all focused on being making sure right now that we're compliant, and have our systems up, there are process and disclosure and other document changes that are required, so any excess capacity, or it’s really first priority, but any excess capacity, we've had to do these other things, have been focused on BI till we get them done. To do them effectively we have to start rolling things out. We’re starting to roll things out already, because we have to have them up and running and in place and done by June 30, not start doing them at June 30.
Paul Reilly: First quarter was impacted by lower M&A and tax credit funds, which are core -- I mean they're cyclical; they're never, versus the PCG business. So that that impacted us, but the interest rate is the big change and that's just -- that's just math. I mean, I'm kind of amazed that we could lose 10% of our pre-tax and that much revenue from those three changes and make it up almost make it up in one quarter. So but I don't again, the only way to really change that is looking at payouts across our system. But we pay folks for production. That's where it's all going. But at least that expense is good growth, its production and profit growth. So we'll take the growth in that ratio, we can grow the revenues even faster and add to the margin. So we want to make sure they're competitive and fair. And as things shift and change over time, we will look at that.
Paul Reilly: We'd like -- if you look at where the most of our ROE is generated or capital is deployed, that’s first from the bank, which is our biggest capital deployer. And we like, we'd like where that is in Private Client group where it’s really transition assistance and investment in that business, including technology. So we kind of like the businesses we're in and the mix. We're honestly open Private Client Group is our anchor business. So we always look to that first, but we're actually open to things that will grow any of our segments, we like the businesses; we think they're performing relatively well now to the market. And if there's opportunity because we're not capital bound right now, we would do something first as economic sense to shareholders but it has to first make the business better not just bigger, we avoid things just to be bigger that don't really have good ROE to the shareholders. So we're focused on all four, we continue to be in dialogue. But I would say over the last year we've had more dialogue that ended without anyone trading because we just felt the market was too fast was too high and I think the market agreed on a lot of those assets -- the assets was just too high. So we’re not going to do something just to do something.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the biggest driver of that, as I talked about earlier is the build-up of support. Those AML compliance and supervision all three of those functions we've made starting three years ago almost significant investments really accelerated that growth over the last couple of years and now it's decelerating. So that's the leverage we think we'll get out so maybe in some areas have to play a little catch-up, but we've really built it for the future. And I think that's where our non-comp leverage is going to come from. So that's an awful lot of it.
Paul Reilly: You can grow the securities portfolio $2 billion, $3 billion pretty rapidly, Jim. So it's something that we decide to move forward with which is something that we're still having to discuss internally. I would expect the first couple billion if we do decide to move forward with it to occur pretty quickly. But again, we're still -- it's still -- we're still in discussions on that.
Paul Reilly: Okay, well, great. Well, thank you for joining us. And again we normally like to do this on Investor and Analysts Day but again holding off last year, we said we wanted to wait and see what happened, how many rate cuts are, I could provide you the data because you can see right now because had there been one more cut or one less cut, it would have significantly impacted our comp ratios or earnings or mix. So wish we could have gotten to you a little bit sooner, but we got it to you as fast as we could. And thank you for joining us this morning. Right, Myra, thank you.
Paul Shoukry: That’s right. And to add more color to what Paul stated, last year, the non-comp expenses grew 9% as reported but over half of that was due to the two non-GAAP items in the prior-year as well as the gross up of expenses due to revenue recognition. So, if you look at kind of the apples-to-apples that represented a significant deceleration, and we're looking to kind of maintain a non-comp expense growth around the same level this year to get to $1.3 billion. Obviously started off low in the first quarter just given the loan loss credit and other items, so business development was relatively low given no conferences or recognition trips size, and we expect that to sort of build up throughout the year. But the last thing I would say on this is a lot of these lines, investment sub-advisory fees, professional fees associated with banking deals, et cetera are directly tied to revenue growth. So as much as we want to contain the growth that we can contain, we also want to fully appreciate the expense growth that is directly tied to revenue growth.
Paul Shoukry: No, I think NIM is staying stable in the second quarter, reflects a cut that we're making this week of about 5 basis points. I don't know assuming rates stay stable, I do not believe that there's much more room to take deposit costs down from our current average cost after this 5 basis point cut. And the only other item I would mention on NIM is if we do accelerate the growth of our securities portfolio at the bank, which is on the table, that would all else being equal bring down the bank's NIM as we're taking the cash off balance sheet at what's earning today 1.64%. Bringing it on balance sheet would get a pickup for the firm overall. But that would be -- create pressure for the bank's overall NIM because the securities portfolio which doesn't have credit risk would have a lower yield than the credit portfolio.
Paul Shoukry: In terms of the securities portfolio, I mean we've actually grown it substantially over the last few years here. And we're just looking at the amount of cash; we have off balance sheet, what the forward curve is telling us and the amount of capital we have to and the capacity to grow assets on our balance sheet. And it's something that we're considering doing and being modest maybe $3 billion to $5 billion is sort of over a period of time in terms of accelerating the growth of incremental securities. And again, we're not looking to take credit risk in that portfolio. This would be mostly agency mortgage backed securities with duration of three to four years. And with that you would get somewhere around today, it changes every day, but today around 30 basis points of incremental pickup over what we earn off balance sheet. In terms of repurchases, I mean we're going to stay consistent with what we've been doing for a very long time we're going to -- we said, we're going to offset dilution and then as we have shown last year, where we have plenty of capital, liquidity and authorization to increase our repurchases if the price drops to what we consider opportunistic levels, and that's something that we're going to remain committed to doing as well. And then obviously, the other priorities expenses, which we've discussed in pretty good detail already.
Paul Shoukry: Well, I mean, we are working -- I think just referring specifically to the net new asset metric that is something we are working on. But I think over the last two or three quarters, the number of inbound requests for that has subsided somewhat because when you look at the 31% year-over-year growth in assets and fee-based accounts, I think everyone has acknowledged that among the highest, if not the highest in the industry. So I think we're getting credit for the organic growth. But at the same time, we appreciate the sort of desire to have an easier sort of metric to track in that regard. So it's something we are looking at. But kind of tying back to your first question on expense growth, nothing is free. And so we're doing in the context of our other IT priorities that we have across the firm.
Paul Shoukry: I think given the current rate environment and market environment, which obviously are the two big factors that would impact your margins, as along with revenue mix, but I think 67.5% as of right now the best we can tell 67.5% for the comp ratio and 17% for the pre-tax margin is the best visibility we have given our current revenue mix. So to the extent that we market environment changes, interest rate environment changes, our revenue mix changes then we would adjust those targets.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, I would tell you in terms of the private client group margin, a lot of it really depends on geography. So to the extent that we have movement to fee-based accounts continue, which we've had obviously, a lot of the benefits gets reflected in our asset management segment to the extent that we sweep more cash to Raymond James Bank, which we're considering doing even more so with the growth in the securities portfolio that would increase the margin at Raymond James Bank relative to Private Client group. So, really, we kind of look at the margins on a consolidated basis. We think that's the most meaningful especially when comparing across firms because a lot of firms have their bank and their asset management fee-based platform in their wealth management segment. So we expect it again on a consolidated basis, our best guess right now is 17% or better for the pre-tax margins. And then a payout, the payout is just a function of the mix between our employee channel and on the independent contractor channel where contractors are paid in the 80% range. And so when you blend the two is where you get the 75% type payout on the production, not the overall revenues to the firm, but the revenues that are compensable to the advisors on average generate.
Paul Shoukry: Yes, and I think the other thing you have to do going back to our whole dialogue around compensable versus non-compensable revenues on a year-over-year basis, Private Client group is showing 4% growth in total revenues. But it's really 6% growth in compensable revenues and the compensable revenues is the production, the number of advisors and number of accounts, et cetera. And that's really what's going to drive both the payout and the support in infrastructure needs. So the 6% still is lower than the 8%. And the 8% being the administrative non-FA comp in the Private Client group business. And that is the reason is higher is for the reasons that Paul mentioned. But if you kind of look back three years to support the fact that we're sort of in the later stages of this infrastructure build-out, three years ago that line group 17% in fiscal 2018, the admin comp in PCG grew 17%, last year it grew 12%, year-over-year for the quarter it grew 8% and that's sort of what we're budgeting for the year. So it's come down substantially, as we've -- are in the later stages of this build-up in Private Client group business.
