Paul Reilly: No, you’re absolutely right. That is a static analysis based on current balances and so we do have upside going forward as we continue growing the balance sheet at Raymond James Bank and also as we hopefully close the TriState capital acquisition. So we have some good tailwinds in a rising rate environment.
Paul Reilly: I mean, we’re not ready to come out with a new target at this juncture, but because as you point out, there are a lot of moving parts, but you are correct that the 570 million on today’s revenues would equate to somewhere around 300 to 400 basis points of benefit. But I think some of the other factors that we have to consider is sort of normalized business development, what capital markets revenues look like going forward. So there are some other puts and takes and variables to consider as we get more clarity. But with that being said, if you look at where we were in the last rate cycle, we had higher pre-tax margin target before rates were cut to zero and so we obviously have upside and tailwinds from higher rates.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I mean as far as the synergy guidance that we provided upon announcement as my memory serves me correctly, I think it was 8% accretion, not really factoring in any rate hikes at all, and then maybe an additional 300 to 400 basis points with the rate projections that you just mentioned. So to your point, rate increases are looked like they’re coming faster than we anticipated at that point in time. So to the extent they have a floating, highly floating rate balance sheet locked in securities based loan, 65% of their loans are in securities based loans that are floating and so to your point, there is more upside if rates increase faster than we originally anticipated.
Paul Reilly: As far as we can tell, Steve, we’re calculating, most of the peers are calculating the organic growth calculation similarly, we track that pretty closely. So we have been generating as you said, bleeding organic growth, if you look at our net new asset metrics and if you look at our asset growth overtime, which we’ve been saying for a very long time, even before we started producing net new assets, our asset growth is the best in the industry as well. And as you point out, those two are correlated. So from quarter-to-quarter, sometimes it’s hard to tell, but if you look at it over 1, 3, 5 year period or any period of time, our asset growth on organic basis has been leading in the industry. Sometimes you have to factor in acquisitions or big program hires or something like this, but certainly the net new asset and the asset growth has been amongst the best and then certain quarters the best, certain years the best in the industry.
Paul Reilly: Good question, Devin. I think there’s a few things. First, you have to remember, client cash is only 6.5 % of assets. So it’s not a high percentage. Typically for most periods, we’re closer to 10. So clients are still pretty invested. So part of that with the market growth, obviously, the equities grow versus the cash, so the client cash has been very sticky in terms of the portfolio, certainly not over weighted. But also because of our recruiting, we bring a lot of cash in when people move over, their clients are allocated somewhere, 5% to 10% cash. So that continues to grow and our recruiting is doing great. We’re still full guns on it. So I think that’s, we’re pretty comfortable with that cash. I think it’s almost the opposite. If there is a correction during this interest rate period we see a lot more cash generated, but we haven’t seen any unusual movements. And so that’s a percent of assets still pretty low, probably driven more with us by just our success in recruiting.
Paul Reilly: We find clients typically, during these increases, if we go through history that it’s got to be over 1% face rate before they even start looking at it. So we have a long way to go from one basis point certainly in the early going, it’s and FinTechs can offer one, but there’s not really many push to park them very liquidly at that rate. So I think the first 100 basis points is a pretty safe assumption probably conservative given the history on the first 100 basis points. And after that as rates go higher than there is, the game is on, but I think the early raises is pretty safe assumption.
Paul Reilly: So I think that, it’s just closed a few days now. So we’re just really starting to talk about integration and that takes some time, but it’s a great franchise. If it was constrained, it was constrained by capital a little bit, family controlled and for a good reason, they didn’t want to dilute their position where they were. So I think those are off because we have plenty of capital to fuel it. And generally, when people join you, the first thing we always focus on is retention and we’ve had a pretty good track record. I think that’ll be very positive there too and we need to get everybody settled down in the seat positive of the story. I will tell you that of all the ones we’ve ever done and we have tried to stay still pending, but who has a great cultural fit, this is the -- we’re hearing very little noise from the advisors, they think it makes sense and they think it’s good for them. We will invest. We do have some technology that they can use some of the other things. So it’s going to take a good year or so to really get through that integration. But we would expect where we have one of the leading growth firms in the UK with RJIS, our independent, we think that we can really step up the growth as is Charles Stanley management with the capital and the ability to recruit in the stories. So we’re confident, but I wouldn’t expect anything significant this year.
Paul Reilly: Devin, as you know, we are always focused on trying to realize operating leverage in the business and growing revenues faster than expenses and there’s always noise quarter to quarter, especially when you’re comparing fiscal year end quarter with the beginning of the fiscal year on a linked basis. But if you step back in fiscal 2021, in the PCG, business, we grew the administrative and incentive comp by 5%, with revenues in that business growing 19%. So that was really significant operating leverage. And that’s kind of continuing in this quarter with 25% year-over-year growth in revenues versus 14% year-over-year growth in administrative compensation expense. So to your point, we have always been focused and we’re still focused on realizing that operating leverage as revenue grows.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the financial advisor payouts are on the grid. And so in the employee channel and both in the independent contractor channel so as you noted, that does tend to bounce around 25, 50 basis points from any quarter, when you’re comparing it on a quarter-to-quarter basis. There are benefits that are accrued in there and other things, it’s not just direct payout that you would see on the grid. So it can bounce around from quarter-to-quarter, but we’re not expecting a meaningful step up based on the mix of advisors we have in our independent and employee channel.
Paul Reilly: I think they are, if you look at their own releases we don’t, we’re still in the middle of the shareholder pride, they had a very, very good, they have very good growth. And I think what you’ll see is us just giving them a little more capital and maybe to accelerate technology and to help serve their clients and we may get some synergies over time on compliance and those kinds of functions. But outside of that, we’ll be operating alone. They will have a little more capital and their growth rates are very good. We’re kind of very historically and their current release was very, very good. So we certainly don’t need them growing faster than they are. I mean, they’re growing well. And I think it’s going to be more of our balance sheet deployment, the use of our cash and they’re going to do their thing and serve their clients.
Paul Reilly: Yes, we kind of gave you some assumptions when we announced the transaction. We use conservative assumptions when we do any kind of investment or make any kind of investment and certainly the level of growth that they achieved in the fourth quarter again they are separate public companies, so I don’t want to speak about their results. But to your point, I don’t think you would call those conservative. I mean, they’ve been generating really strong growth and so I’ll just leave it at that. In terms of timing it’s all contingent on regulatory approvals and so we hope to get it done in calendar 2022. But again, that’s dependent on the regulatory approvals and right now --
Paul Reilly: Yes, I wouldn’t say the $200 million was a guide, it was just a reference point for where we were pre COVID that would have been $15 million a quarter. We were right around $35 million this quarter. And we actually were able to have an advisor conference this quarter for the employee channel. So I would be very surprised though, most of the things here in the second quarter, we’ve postponed and push back unfortunately, due to the COVID that spread. I would be very surprised if we are able to even exit the year at the $50 million run rate per quarter unfortunately. And I say unfortunately, because we really do want to get back to traveling again to having the advisor recognition trips and the conferences. So I think that’s kind of the glide path. It’s probably a longer, a flatter glide path than we thought this time last quarter unfortunately.
Paul Reilly: There is certainly lessons learned. I mean we were going to a flexible work environment before the pandemic. So, certain lessons were kind of reinforced, we could do it. But we think it’s important to get people back in the office and we’re making great progress. But obviously with the holidays, and since we think conservative as the cases have been up. But the big part of a lot of those conferences, people think they’re just kind of fun trips, they’re very educational. The advisors get a lot of training and develop a lot of it on courses that they do. And it’s important culturally. So I think advisors understand why we’ve had to cancel or cut back on it during the pandemic, but they wouldn’t understand with things going back to normal that they would just disappear. So, we certainly have learned you can do a lot of things with less travel. There’s a lot of things that require that face-to face-input. And frankly we all know it from our own firms, people are tired of not being together and not seeing each other and interacting even though they’d like the flexibility, so we got to find that balance. The conferences are important culturally, they’re important to get people together, it keeps their bond with the firm. And for training development, I mean, there’s a lot of a facets and they do cost money. But just as the investor conferences, many people on this firm will start back up post COVID, some have been able to sneak some in. But you do them for the same reason and so where we --
Paul Reilly: We don’t have anything planned. I mean, we’re going to, we’ll have the same pressures on technology and what are we going to spend. We’re going to have as we grow, support will have to grow. We’re spending a lot of time automating the back office. So there are things that cost money. There’s been comp pressure in the industry, we haven’t, I don’t think felt it is, we’ve felt it. But it hasn’t been as great as lot of other people have said it’s been or people leaving, our turnover hasn’t been up very much. And again, I think that’s culturally and we paid people well off a good year. So I don’t see any big initiatives. I think three or four years ago, we had a huge initiative to kind of redo the whole compliance infrastructure and back office and systems and in gear up, but you’re seeing the leverage of that now where those aren’t really going up commensurate with revenue. So we don’t have any major plans. I don’t know what would change over the next three or four years. I’m sure there will be investment initiatives, but nothing like we had three or four years ago.
Paul Reilly: And I think also we were, we debated when we knew rates were falling, whether it was the lock in and we thought we’d just better off long term with the floating balance sheet. So now that we see all predictions are raised, rates will rise, you never know it’s kind of the wrong time to abandon that if you believe that rates are really going up. And you’re going to get a bunch of raises in the next year as people are predicting now. So, we are investing and growing the securities book, but we’re not going to race to do it because we think within a year, we’ll look back and say, gosh, we probably shouldn’t have done that.
Paul Reilly: There is a lot of factors, a lot of items that go into that line. I mean, there’s a poor seasonality as there is with most compensation related line items, but one of the factors that goes into it is, just the accruals for benefits, which are based on profitability growth. So you’re going to see growth in that line with the growth and profitability. And as Paul says, we have been very generous in terms of compensation to our associates. We have a long track record of sharing the success of the firm’s with our associates, and with our fiscal year end being in September, this line now reflects the salary and bonus increases that we gave at the end of our fiscal year end. You’ll start seeing that probably for most of our peers starting next quarter. So I think, there’s a lot of factors that go into it. But as I said earlier, we’re really focused on realizing the operating leverage going forward.
Paul Reilly: As Paul said, really the fluctuations in cash balances, the extreme fluctuations really are more dependent on market movements. We have seen some end of calendar year build up of cash over history, over time. And then, of course, as we get to the tax season in April some of that cash you get to use to pay taxes. But I would say that the growth that we saw this quarter was really due to the fantastic organic growth that Paul was describing earlier.
Paul Reilly: So, I’d like to thank everybody for joining, I believe that not only do we have fantastic quarter, all the indications, recruiting is strong, we have upside on interest rate. Our pipelines and investment banking are very strong. It’s hard to give, I’ve been around too long where I see M&A come and go depending on market conditions, if you had a really sharp drop in rate or equity markets that certainly can impact it, but in a normal state that’s in great shape. As long as we continue to first retain our advisors and have them do the great job, they continue to have done this last year and last quarter and our recruiting momentum is extremely strong. The feel is good to start the calendar year where we are. Hopefully COVID gets through the system and we can have more of a normal life and but it was a good quarter and I think we’re well-positioned going forward. So I appreciate you joining us this morning. Thank you. 
Paul Shoukry: As far as your deposit rate question, they’re more FinTechs now than there were three years ago, but there were a lot of high yield accounts available online three years ago as well. So maybe offsetting factor is that, unlike the last rate cycle the banking systems extremely flush with cash now maybe more so, well, definitely more so than it was in the last rate cycle. So there’s some puts and takes. We are assuming in our $570 million pre-tax upside, 15% deposit beta which is commensurate with what we saw on the last rate cycle. We think that’s a conservative, but it could be lower or higher than that for the first 100 basis points depending on those factors.
Paul Shoukry: We have not changed really. We haven’t raised the payouts and there are higher payouts and higher production for some, so you get a little bit of that impact. But it’s really I think, just more of a bouncing around effects than it is any change here.
Paul Shoukry: We’re keeping an eye on it. We do plan on growing it modestly throughout the year. But we’re trying to position ourselves for the increase in short term rates, so taking four to five years of duration, because there’s not a lot of three to four year paper out there that’s available. The Fed is still buying, but to take the four to five years the duration for 1.2%, 1.3% not overly compelling in a rising rate environment. So we’re trying to preserve as much flexibility as possible. We do have a preference for being more exposed to the short end of the curve, the really short end of the curve. And so, I think we’re being kind of deliberate and patient as we always are.
Paul Shoukry: I think if you look at client sentiment, I think the most recent has been pretty flat with last quarter that about half are confident in the stock market. Good news is 95% are still confident in their advisory. So, I think in an uncertain times, people aren’t going to rush to invest cash versus three or four years ago when you’re in the middle of a run, it looks like it’s continuing to run. People are more likely to invest. So I don’t see any pressure for that number to really go down, I don’t see a rush for them to put money into the equity market. And again, as a percent of assets, it’s lower than historical. So I think we’re doing well there. So I wouldn’t expect any fluctuations, you never know. So the markets dynamic, but I think we’re in good shape.
