Jeffrey Julien: Yes, I'm going to try to head off some of the questions, lest we'd be here a while. In the other income line on the financials, which kind of sticks out, most of that delta from the prior quarter relates to Proprietary Capital write-ups. You can see that in the Proprietary Capital segment, information in the release, about a $14 million swing from last quarter. That encompassed our venture capital investments at the holding company, the unfortunate consolidation of the employee investment funds, most of which comes out through the noncontrolling interests, so one of the factors that drove that up this quarter, as well as our merchant banking fund, all 3. So that was the biggest change. Most of the balance related to some of these mutual fund-related revenues that Paul mentioned such as omnibus fees, networking fees, education marketing support fees, et cetera, that are in the other income line item. So that one had a big jump. We typically, on the venture capital funds, by way of reminder, we generally mark those every June quarter when we get the audited statements in, generally in April and May from all the funds that were invested and we mark them to the audited balances. So it's kind of a once-a-year adjustment on those but it can go either direction since we've had improving market over the last year, which caused a positive mark. The other segment that had a couple of good quarters in a row is the Emerging Markets, as we've had some good investment banking activity in Latin America, 2 quarters in a row. So that one has been performing and contributing more than it had in the past. Comment on net interest. You can see that net interest dropped about $4 million quarter versus the preceding quarter. The biggest factor there of course is we issued bonds in early April, which added about $2.5 million roughly of interest expense to our books this quarter. And then the balance was a slightly lower interest spreads at the bank. The tax rate obviously is another one that sort of sticks out. It was right around 40% this quarter. It was a combination of things. One is we had the nondeductible fine that Paul mentioned, the $1.75 million fine to the states relative to ARS. Secondly, we repatriated some money from an offshore island related to some activities that we had discontinued some years ago that we had never -- had not paid taxes on. We paid taxes when it got repatriated this particular quarter as we continue to consolidate cash at the RJF level as opposed to having it parked in subsidiaries. And those 2 things, coupled with a depressed pretax income number because of the ARS charge, led the rate to look abnormally high. But for the year-to-date, it's still pretty much in line just in the 37%, 37.5% type range. With respect the ARS, Paul mentioned that we've mailed the letters. Clients have I think 75 days to respond. We are going to start making reimbursements as soon as next week as they come in. We have established a separate subsidiary to house these in. A provision that we took, we were estimating -- in fact when we did the settlement several weeks ago, we were estimating $50 million, it came in closer to $45 million. About half of that provision relates to what we would call credit-related issues and the other half kind of is really more just time value of money. So with the exception of the Jefferson County positions, which are the potential credit issues, we expect to recoup and possibly even the Jeff County's as well. But certainly on the others, we expect to recoup this over time as the redemptions continue to occur or as interest rates start to rise either one, which may happen at the same time. Now I want to talk a little bit about ROEs for the quarter. As reported, the ROE for the quarter was 7.4%. But again the non-GAAP adjusted for removing the $45 million provision, not all the attended expenses but just the $45 million provision itself, the ROE for the quarter was about 11.76%, and that gives us a year-to-date ROE of just under 13% for the quarter -- I mean for the year-to-date, which again without the interest earnings that we've been accustomed to all these years is about where we've been for the last couple of quarters. Lastly, I want to make a comment about comp ratio. You can see that trended down for the second quarter in a row, not in a big meaningful way but somewhat. And I'd say we're continuing to watch the comp levels pretty closely, particularly the incentive comp accruals rather than having lumpy adjustments toward year end, we're being a little more diligent. But secondly, impacting those was that we had some modest adjustments for the lower profitability because of the ARS charge for some impact on some of the profit-related accruals. So that had an impact as well. So that was -- that's some detail on some of the things I know would otherwise come up in questions.
Jeffrey Julien: Well, I think in large part it's just going to be kind of a new run rate. We continue to convert our mutual fund positions to an omnibus basis. We had a significant vendor converted over in February, which definitely helped this quarter. And that will be recurring. And as both -- we increased the positions and we increased the sales positions in all these mutual fund families, the assets continue to grow. We expect that, that will be a slowly upward trending line over time.
Jeffrey Julien: I think it would be slow. In fact, Hugh, I think that the -- that portfolio of $500 million, we will be looking for new opportunities and have a small team that will be on the ground in Toronto. But the run-off of this portfolio will most likely exceed our new production. But as Paul mentioned, it is kind of our -- a place to launch this business. And we've got a very profitable and growing business in Canada already that this is going to be supplemental to. We've got some good relationships already that we can leverage. Incidentally, we've already -- we've made 2 or 3 loans here in the U.S -- in U.S. dollars to Canadian-based companies. That effort was already underway, which -- that's one of the drivers in terms of this acquisition opportunity. It aligned itself with what we were already doing.
Jeffrey Julien: And certainly over the life of that, it's going to have a return to us at least equal to what our domestic portfolio is yielding.
Paul Reilly: Well, I think in terms of Asset Management, as you've said, we publicly and we're actively seeking international large cap manager. And I think we would opportunistically look at other managers that would sit and help fill out kind of a family of funds in Eagles. So that is ongoing. When you look at both strategic fit, cultural fit in terms of the manager and the organization, something big enough that it's worthwhile doing but not so big, that it's outside of our range. And at a price we think is reasonable, it's easier said than done. But we're very active. We've been -- we have accord James full time assigned to that and we're using some other outside people to help us. So again, if we find the right acquisition, I think we would close, but we're not going to do one just to do one. So, it's ongoing. And so that strategy hasn't changed.
Paul Reilly: I think overall just with low -- institutionally, in the muni business, I don't think there's been a big pickup. With rates being low, we're seeing -- that's why commissions are down, I think a lot of people are sitting on the sidelines waiting. The retail investors probably have gotten a little more conservative than they were before, the flows to equity funds have turned negative again. Our experience has actually been fairly good. We've had net inflows given this environment. So I think a lot of people are looking to wait and see. I can't say there's a big shift in the [indiscernible] market.
Paul Reilly: Yes, still a challenging market, I think. We're aided partially by the Howe Barnes acquisition certainly and RJA. The market is still difficult for a couple of reasons. People in the last couple of years were put under retention packages, so that's a factor. And also when -- after a tough couple of years in the market, when people are doing well, even if they think it's a better firm, they're less likely to pick up and move. So the visits are up, but recruiting is still tough and very, very competitive.
Paul Reilly: Other than some of the expenses related to the Howe Barnes acquisition and some of those fees that used to be capitalized that are now expensed, no, it was actually down from last quarter, but there wasn't anything that I would point to other than the fine.
Paul Reilly: We look at the opportunities there just like we do in the U.S. It gives us a platform to leverage our equity capital markets clients really, as a base. And so we have a good franchise there, and we plan to leverage it like we have here. And that's really the growth opportunity. And this was just the way to get the business kick started.
Paul Reilly: I don't think dramatic -- there's always somebody that we think is not rational leading the way, and that may shift and change, but there always seems to be somebody that's just looking at head count growth over anything. But we still get a good number of people that you can't pay them enough to go some places, and they want to join us. So we now certainly -- our transition assistance is not as high others but we try to keep it economical and be in the market. So it's cyclical. I think -- we don't believe that the high-end offers are sustainable because we don't see, no matter how we run it, that they're profitable.
Paul Reilly: There's 5- to 7-year packages. But there's a major firm where there is shorter term retention from '09 and '10 wears off next year. So I mean it's all -- they're all over the place, but they tend to do 5- to 7-year deals. But as those are amortize down, too, I mean when you get down to less than half, it isn't the same retention as it was on the first half. So it's a cycle, and we'll chip away. This isn't the first time it's happened. There's also -- as players look at consolidation in others, it always gives us opportunity. So we just have to be disciplined.
Paul Reilly: We're very long-term oriented, so the ideal asset manager would be an international large cap manager that had European distribution and we could leverage it and they could leverage our U.S. distribution and our good portfolio managers. So we have -- we're looking both in North America and in Europe. And wherever we find the right team, if we find them, we'll have them join us.
Paul Reilly: Not much. I think the problem is when they're down, a lot of people say, well, it's not the time to sell because it will come back. So there are pros and cons. I don't think it's changed short term.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I think you can look at it as it's a foothold for a new business. The loan production, as Steve said, is not a game changer for us in the quarter [ph]. And given where we are, we like the credits, we like the people and it has a little better return going in. We modeled it to tighten a little bit. So you should look at it the way we've always done business. We just have a foothold in Toronto now.
Paul Reilly: Remember that we have a capital allocation kind of cap to the banking industry. So we're not trying to have a game changer in terms of allocation to the banking industry. We're just trying to be able to consume free cash generation and keep the retained earnings reinvested to fund future growth for the bank. And we've had difficulty doing that as you know over the last couple of years. So that's really the challenge.
Paul Reilly: That's the hope. We try not to buy at a premium. That's the hope. But whether we hedge or not, there may be some other costs, there may be some currency costs.
Paul Reilly: I think until late June, July, a lot of these sectors that are income-driven, the REITs and MLPs were just strong. And they're strong products and we're well positioned in the REIT space we play against everyone. So that was the big driver. In Latin America, we had some deals that -- some pretty large deals for that size where we led the way and that contributed, too. Canada was very, very strong until this quarter. They were off some, but they've had good performance, too. So we've been well positioned in our sectors and the market has been good. And we don't see that ending although June -- end of June, beginning July wasn't the best for our industry.
Paul Reilly: First, we're not sure how the government is going to apply anything right now. But the -- everything we've looked at, we're solidly capitalized. The best we can tell from any of the provisions, it's not going to be an issue for us.
Paul Reilly: Well, we've been building and recruiting heavily in technology because we see that as a sector that's been heating up, and there's been enough displacement of firms that we think there's an opportunity. But I think the other sectors we play in have been okay, but again the REIT and MLP, and the M&A business, which has been very good for us across the board, have been driving it so far. So some sectors we're not positioned in, too.
Paul Reilly: The FIG business is an area where we thought when we acquired Howe Barnes, that's a near term, activity would be a little bit higher than it has been, but it will come. So we have gotten a few transactions out of that already. We've gotten a lot of synergy with fixed income in terms of working for the clients, but again the interest rate environment hasn't been real helpful with that. So we think there's still some upside in that. The integration is going very, very well.
Paul Reilly: Yes, energy. We're very, very active in the energy Space. In downstream energy, you can see the announcements, though the MLPs have been strong for us.
Paul Reilly: Yes. We looked at most of the businesses, they're down 9% to 12%, pretty much across the board. And actually, that's been less than most people if we look at year-to-date changes. I think we've done better, but there's clearly a downward trend.
Paul Reilly: No, I think Canada has always been -- we've -- if you look at the bank's strategic initiative, had been around taking our best equity capital markets clients. We had very good performance, really clearly no defaults during the downturn with our clients there. So taking our best clients, so we know them in lending. We also have some other related projects or securities-based lending with our Private Client Group, and we've been building up our mortgage origination both outside and what's inside of our Private Client Group as a strategy. So we're just -- we're getting focused on the areas that we've been good at and that are synergistic with our businesses.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I know there's a lot of things moving up and down, and I think the business, again, 94 consecutive profitable quarters is -- feels good. I've got only about 90 more to tie Tom. Probably won't make it that long, but we'll try to keep the streak alive. The question for us is all the businesses are solid, and we're well positioned and what we can't predict is what's going to happen in the market so -- especially in the near term. So positioned well, if the market picks up, I think capital markets will return. And probably the big challenge in the institutional side is also fixed income with low rates, clients not just here, everywhere, have had kind of their fill of low rate long-term stuff and there's a lot of cash on the sidelines. So when they redeploy, when they have a different expectation, or -- it's going to be this way forever or it's going to move up, we'll kick start that business. Until then, we'll just wait through the cycle. But I think the business is in good shape. So thank you for joining us, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Steven Raney: It's Steve Raney. Little additional color on that. That portfolio, as Paul mentioned, is about $500 million in outstandings, currently about $650 million in commitments. There's 25 relationships in -- that comprise that balance. Eight of the 25 are commercial real estate loans. Six are corporate loans, so C&I, commercial loans and industrial loans, and 11 loans that are really C&I but are a little bit specialized. They're kind of in the power and infrastructure arena with government or provincial contracts that support that power and infrastructure build that was -- project financed that was built. All of those are completed projects at this point. As Paul mentioned also, we're anticipating and we're working with the regulatory approval process right now. I would anticipate getting that closed this quarter. The provision impact on that current balance would be roughly $7.25 million. And then on the margin, the current yield on that portfolio is approximately 7.4%, including the discount being amortized over the life of those loans. I would say that that's on a pre-hedged basis. We're evaluating some hedging as well. So that's on a pre-hedged basis. So that would have a positive impact on our margin, the hedging extent would be below the net interest margin line. We also, in our modeling, right now most of those loans are floating rate loans tied to the Canadian bankers acceptance rate, which is at kind of a historically high level relative to LIBOR. In our modeling when we were going through our analysis and negotiating the purchase price, we factored in some compression in that, but the current yield on that portfolio, once again, is around 7.4%.
Steven Raney: Doug, I don't know if I can answer that. We haven't really looked at it on that basis. I mean once again, this is -- this last quarter we did 61 new corporate loan transactions that totaled almost $700 million, it drove some of the outstanding. So this acquisition in and of itself is not -- it's less than one quarter's production of our corporate -- normal corporate production. And when we're doing that, we -- part of our provision expense this last quarter, the June quarter, was related to loan growth. So I don't -- it's similar to us just growing loans organically anyway. That being said, that yield -- the average life of these loans, I would say, is probably 3 years in terms of the maturity dates across the spectrum of that portfolio.
Steven Raney: The most important element is the credit selection. We went through every loan. Obviously, it's a relatively small number of loans. We kicked some loans out. So ultimately if the loans performed, then it's going to be a nice acquisition, and that's the basis for us going into it.
Steven Raney: Recovery value. We overlay the Case-Shiller information across our portfolio each quarter and look at our -- what we think to be the LTVs in our loans, and that analysis along with what we think potential further home price declines, we factor all that in and that drove that $3 million addition to our provision for the quarter in our residential portfolio.
