Paul Reilly: Thank you, Paul. Overall, I'm very pleased with our fantastic results for this quarter and the fiscal year, which exceeded many records. As for our outlook, we are well positioned entering fiscal 2022 with strong capital ratios, quarter-end records for all of our key business metrics and strong activity levels for financial adviser recruiting and investment banking. In the Private Client Group segment, results will benefit modestly by starting the fiscal first quarter with a 2% sequential increase of assets in fee-based accounts. Additionally, based on our robust recruiting pipeline, we hope to continue our current recruiting trend as prospective advisers are attracted to our client-focused values and leading technology platforms. In the Capital Markets segment, the investment banking pipeline remains very strong and we expect a solid fixed income brokerage results, driven by demand from the depository client segment. In the Asset Management segment, if equity markets remain resilient, we expect results will be positively impacted by higher financial assets under management. And Raymond James Bank should continue to grow, as we have ample funding and capital to grow the balance sheet. We will continue to focus on lending to PCG clients through our securities-based loans and mortgages and we will continue to be selective and deliberate in growing our corporate loan and agency-backed securities portfolio. As we look ahead, we remain focused on the long-term and our long-term growth. And as we've outlined at our recent Analyst and Investor Day, those key growth initiatives include driving organic growth across our core businesses continuing to expand our investments in technology and sharpening our focus on strategic M&A. Our recent announcements to acquire TriState Capital and Charles Stanley Group demonstrate our focus on these initiatives and our commitment to deploy excess capital over time. We believe these acquisitions stay true to our long-standing criteria, which is a good cultural fit, a strategic purpose and makes sense for our shareholders. Finally, thank you again to our advisers and associates for providing excellent service to their clients during these uncertain times. These results are a testament to the dedication of everyone in the Raymond James family. With that I'm going to turn it back over to the operator for questions.
Paul Reilly: Yes. So, the business that's probably -- it's our best business, but probably the most margin challenge the Private Client Group because it has a high comp ratio with our independent contractors. And if you're -- to deliver 20% margins in the business, when you have a 70% comp ratio or less in these times, right is -- shows the balance we have on really managing expenses and making sure we invest. So, we had a good margin this year based on the growth. But the real delta in our margins come from the Capital Markets and the banks, as they grow and in Asset Management they have much higher margins. And to the extent they grow, they drive our comp ratio down and our margins up. So those are the ones that have the delta. Now, the good news is the backlog in Capital Markets is fantastic. It's at historic paces. And the problem with that business, as you know, it can stop on a dime and it could increase, but our visibility is really good into this first quarter, which is very strong. And the second quarter should be very good too. After that, you never really know because of the M&A and underwriting part, it depends on the environment. The bank we expect good growth. You saw very good growth this quarter. Given the markets right now and I think a reasonable economy going forward, the best we all can tell, we should have growth there. And the Asset Management business continues to grow, especially with our record recruiting and we're still on that same pace. If you look at commits and people coming through the office, we are still on a very, very -- we're still at that record pace. We took a snapshot today. So shorter term, we see these kind of very good margins. But, if Capital Markets slow down or the economy turns and M&A deal stop and stuff that's where we're going to get the margin compression again, without interest rates. It wasn't that long ago that half of our pretax income was interest spreads. So, we've lost that about overnight on March over two Fed meetings and so it's kind of amazing getting these kind of margins without that help. So that's the other factor in this that we can't predict. If that comes back, even if the markets cool down, that's certainly going to continue to expand margins. So, I wish I could tell you. I can tell you where we sit today. It looks good for the next quarter. But between the economy and Congress and regulators and interest rates, it all could change because those aren't in our control.
Paul Reilly: It's a little both. There's some new product focus and products they brought to the market to their clients. The biggest factor has really been, if you look at the sweet spot in the business, it's the depository franchise and the depository franchise like all banks and us have a ton of cash. And in order to put that cash to work, they can make loans. And if they can't make loans fast enough, they buy securities and that's where they really utilize us as -- actually for a lot of banks almost as a treasury manager, we help them look at where they should invest in the spreads and yields. We provide a lot of tools for them. And that business has been very, very good because of the cash in the system. So as long as that cash in the system stays there, those brokerage revenues should be very, very good. And again the fixed income business by far had its best record as did the Equity Capital Markets business. So combined, the Capital Markets segment was extremely good. And again, short term to midterm everything we see today, we don't see that really slowing down off its pace. It's been a little slower in the last quarter than it had been earlier in the year, but I'd still call the numbers robust.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. So first thing, I think you got to take the Capital Markets you asked, if it was scale for the market? Certainly, it's been a very constructive market. So everyone has done well in Capital Markets. But we've really increased our scale too in our equities business. If you look at, the addition of Financo and Cebile during this quarter which again they only have a full year run rate in those numbers. Cebile being the most recent to join the platform and the hiring we've done across the platform. The leadership there has done a really good job of building scale, where we were probably under scaled, given our size competitors. So there is a scale play there, but the markets are very, very constructive. So it's a little bit of both in that business. And in the Private Client Group, a lot of business development expenses were low. We didn't have conferences. We didn't have award trips. We didn't have the regional meetings, because of the pandemic. And now those are opening up. We have our first major conference early in November, and we've had smaller conferences and our first award trip, although they're smaller than traditional, they're still there and there's some makeup award trips where we cancel them and move them into this year. And so we'll have some double trips and in fact in our employee group will have a double conference, because we're going to – we move this year's to the fall and next year's will come in the summer. So certainly, those expenses are back up. So that's just business as normal. And those are highly valued by advisers. They're a great cultural tool, to reinforce the value of Raymond James or great training. These aren't just fun trips to people, they're fun because we get together but it's work. I mean, there are classes, trainings teaching. So they're very important to the long-term business both teaching practice management and sharing best practices, as well as explaining new regulations, or new technology tools they need to learn. So they're very, very valuable. So it's work. I mean, the fund work, but it's works. So they're essential and those will return because they're important to the business model.
Paul Reilly: I think one thing I haven't heard in the industry calls, but we certainly hear and all the industry trades is there's pressure on comp. I mean where the pay is going up we can tell by the offers that come in to our people whom we're glad people value our folks. And about 80% or 90% comp increases it's taking longer to fill jobs right now in this market and everyone's growing. So that's not just us industry-wide there's comp pressure. And I think that's going to impact the comp and the comp ratio coming this year. I can't tell you what it will be. But we need people to run the business and to support our advisers so.
Paul Reilly: And we get a lot of questions just why don't you replace all their deposits with our lower-cost deposits. And it's that they support deposits from their client relationships or asset and liabilities that's how you build relationships and they're going to run an independent business that way and they have their own clients they're going to manage their clients. And so part of that is taking their cash reasonable rates to their clients for the loans they book too. So we put it -- I think we said $3 billion of replacement but that leaves the rest of their deposits in place. And as they grow we expect to use more and more of our deposits at a lower cost. But certainly they'll tell us when they need them and we're not going to interfere with their long-term client relationships.
Paul Reilly: I think that what drives client cash is first recruiting certainly. As we bring more advisers in their clients have a portion in cash. And we also see you'd say enough markets you don't expect to see as high a percentage in cash, but people are using it often in lower fixed income. They're just saying they're worried about rates going up. They view -- many clients view the market as copy and I know it's continued to grow. And they're using their cash balances to hedge that a little bit. So even in up market you got a pretty good percentage of cash. And again as assets grow and the recruiting grow -- recruiting is driving it and I think some investors are taking a little off the table and keeping some in cash as just a balancing or diversification hedge.
Paul Reilly: I also think there could be an opportunity as the Fed cuts back on purchasing securities that those become more attractive. The rates would become and the spread is more attractive, so actually a shortage of those securities in the market believe it or not because of the Fed. But once they get out, they're hopeful there's more of an opportunity to use those securities on the balance sheet and move cash over to the bank.
Paul Reilly: Yes, that's such a hard you're asking to predict the future both as recruiting will it continue at this level? We can tell you our visibility is, it is and you know and it's -- I think I remember I forget how many quarters ago we talked about a slowdown for one quarter but it would pick up and certainly it did again. And so, we've been on this kind of ramp up for a couple of years. We still see very strong demand whether it will be a record this coming year or just very strong I don't know. But what we can see today is that ramp-up should be very good. And part of that net new asset growth is the markets when people bring accounts over or bring in new clients and the market's up while the assets are up so it helps drive that number too. So it's very complex. I think all we can tell you right now is that, all the factors are in place to show it should be very strong again this year. But to give you a number, I'd have to know what the market appreciation is, what recruiting is, what -- just so many factors that aren't predictable. I can just tell you that -- the things that drove it last year look still in place coming into this next quarter and how long it continues I don't know. We all know that this kind of growth in the market isn't forever. There's going to be cycles. There could be shocks to the system. But I think we're well positioned on both sides, both to continue our growth. And if there's a shock to the system our capital and liquidity will put us in good stead so.
Paul Reilly: No. I think the TA pressure is -- again we talked last year that we adjusted TA to be more in market. And I think it shows in our recruiting we're doing very well. So I don't see any additional TA pressure. But the pressure that we're really seeing is on the admin support across whether it's operations, tech, risk, branch professionals there's just -- there's -- the comp is under pressure for the whole industry. I know that from roundtables every firm talks about it that they're having longer to recruit. Recruiters are being recruited away. So, they're having a harder time hiring. We see packages come in. So we know there is just -- we see comp pressure. And until I think the market more normalizes and there's more of a return across the sector that could continue for the year. So, it's a general comment. We're not -- I'm just saying there's a bias that line could be more impacted than some things, but we'll see throughout this year.
Paul Reilly: Okay. Well, I think that's the last question operator. So I want to thank everyone for joining the call. Clearly, I don't like using the word record so much but actually I do like it. I like having them I just don't like using the word because we're not bragging firm. But I'm very proud of the results and our people and how they've navigated this very, very tough time. As of now with the economy things look solid but we know they're going to turn. So we always pride ourselves in being balanced. And I thank you for joining the call and we'll talk to you again next quarter.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah, maybe the only thing I would add to that is that comp ratio does fluctuate from quarter-to-quarter due to a lot of variables. So I kind of prefer to look at it on an annual basis. It was 67.4% for the fiscal year, which was still much better than our 70% target, largely due to the Capital Markets results. Their comp ratio this year was 56%. It was 60% last year, and last year was a pretty good year, once you put it all together, just to show you the sensitivity there. And then the Private Client Group, you mentioned some of the initiatives. Frankly, with the non-FA comp up, 5% year-over-year against the 19% revenue growth rate, while we always strive to achieve operating leverage frankly that gap is not sustainable. We want to make sure that, we're providing adequate support levels for our advisers and their clients. And so we need to make sure, we have sufficient capacity and bandwidth in our service and product areas, to continue delivering excellent service to our advisers and their clients. So when you kind of put all those things together that's why we're sort of reaffirming the 70% target. But with that being said, we can continue to do better than that, if Capital Markets results are as strong as they have been and we expect them to be at least over the next quarter or two.
Paul Shoukry: Yes. They have -- they're a technology-enabled model and so their technology does give them the ability to particularly in the private banking side to really scale up that business. But as you point out I think where the operating leverage is really going to come from is rising short-term rates and we talked about a relatively conservative net interest margin type estimates that we baked into our projections that they would go up to 2% from where they are now with a 100 basis point increase in rates and they were actually doing much better than that before the pandemic.  So we try to be conservative there. And that doesn't even give them the benefit of where we expect most of the synergy to come from which is really replacement of their higher cost deposits a portion of their higher cost deposits with our lower-cost deposits. They are sitting on our balance sheet now earning very little in short-term treasuries at the broker-dealer per the regulation. So between short-term rate increases deposit replacements and the scalability of their technology-enabled model we think there is a significant upside to the results over time.
Paul Shoukry: I think $200 million was sort of just a benchmark. I think it would be a stretch to assume that we would get there that quickly. We are a bigger business now and have more people now than we had in 2019 and more advisers. But to your point I think just in terms of ramping back up to what the business as usual looks like while we have started the conferences and recognition trips in the first quarter travel business travel is certainly not what it was prepandemic yet. So I think it would ramp up over time.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I mean, I think bringing the cash on the balance sheet certainly does impact our Tier 1 leverage ratio and in stress periods, we do have different type of metrics that we think about to absorb a surge in cash balances. But a question we get a lot from investors and analysts is, how do we think about that 10% ratio and potentially lowering that ratio over time that target that we -- which is double the regulatory requirements. And our response to that is as long as regulators continue to consider that as a part of your metric in your requirements then we need to in our business have some cushion for a surge of cash balances, because while cash balances are high now on an absolute basis they are only 6.3% of client assets, which historically speaking is a good 100 basis points lower than average. Now we can argue whether or not that's because asset values are higher than they were historically speaking. But it is not unfathomable to see a situation where cash balance is surged by another 10% to 20%. And as we saw in March 2020, regulators don't give firms relief for accommodating those client cash balances, so we still need to make sure we have ample flexibility because those type of environments are when we could be most opportunistic. So we don't want to be constrained by the Tier 1 leverage ratio. And unless regulators change the treatment of that accommodated client cash balance, which they didn't do in 2020 and I'm hopeful they will do but not optimistic then we need that cushion.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I mean again there's a lot of growth in there that is driven by business volumes. So the investment sub-advisory fees for example, they were up almost 30% with fee-based assets this year. And so -- and that's true with the FDIC insurance expense at the bank that's going to grow with the bank's growth. And so there's a lot of growth-driven variables there. But even when you look at technology that's something we're going to continue to invest heavily in to again continue providing a competitive platform for our advisers and their clients and to drive efficiency over time and scalability over time. That was up 9% this year. I could see it being up 10% plus next year just with our technology initiatives that we have on the docket. So I don't want to go line by line, but I think when you look at the various line items you can see that there's room for growth. I mean just again stepping back the non-comp expenses grew 5% in PCG this year versus a 19% growth rate. So I would say in hindsight if we had known revenues were going to grow 19%, we probably would have grown those non-comp expenses higher than the 5%. Now some of that was helped by the business development with everything shut down. But that's not a sustainable relationship over time. We want to make sure that we continue supporting the business and the infrastructure the support levels of the business over time.
Paul Shoukry: I would say that we are not seeing an improvement in third party bank demand. And so we would -- I would say see more pressure on the capacity than the rate, because I think we're going to try to manage the rate based on shifting the lack of capacity at this type of rate to either our balance sheet and investing in other assets essentially. And that gets helped with an acquisition like the TriState acquisition, for example, bringing more balances on the balance sheet. The bank growth is anticipated to be strong. Our bank, Raymond James Bank, growth is anticipated to be strong this year as well and we can also accelerate purchases of agency mortgage-backed securities, if that demand from third-party banks doesn't pick up. And that all is really expected with the contract maturities in the second half of the fiscal year. So as we get closer to that I think we'll be able to provide you more clarity on what the demand looks -- the demand profile looks like at that time.
Paul Shoukry: No. We have plenty of funding and capital for them to continue growing at their strong growth rates, so long as they can find assets that generate good risk-adjusted returns which is their mandate to be deliberate and patient but also opportunistic. So there's no shift in sort of their growth trajectory or anticipated growth trajectory due to the acquisition.
