Paul Reilly: Yes, Steve, as you may recall from last quarter, the non-compensation number that you are facing, the sequential growth on last quarter of $299 million was kind of seasonally low. And so we guided for the year to about $1.3 billion or $325 million per quarter, which would have been an increase of somewhere around in the low single digits on apples-to-apples basis on an annual basis. So everyone was sort of looking at that $325 million this quarter. And again, even with those two items you've mentioned, we would have been lower than that for the quarter. Now again, a lot of that is due to some of the conferences and travel - we really had a conference or institutional conference. We still had in early March before the COVID crisis really broke out, but we did obviously travel expenses did decrease as March progressed and the COVID shelter in place orders went into place. And some of that was offset by purchasing laptops et cetera. So I would tell you that the non-comp expenses, excluding the provisions came in in terms of the various line items where we would have expected and where we talked about last quarter. Now with that being said, as we progress from here, the dynamics will shift a little bit as travel and conferences. We've canceled a lot of the conferences, the two big private client group conferences this year. So that dynamic will shift from here. And then in terms of any further actions on costs beyond that, people and the compensation being our biggest costs, it's really during the crisis, is not when you make those types of changes. So we need more clarity and stability before we make broader changes in that.
Paul Reilly: Yes. Obviously, there's a lot of uncertainty going forward, as you've heard from all the other banks. And when you look at that allowance for loan loss, which for us is about 1.5%, and you compared to other banks, you really have to look at the various loan categories. We don't have a credit card portfolio. For example some of the banks put allowances of 8% to 10% on those types of portfolios. But within our corporate and CRE portfolio, around 2.4% allowance for loan losses, which we believe and based on what we're seeing in the industry is a healthy number. And so but going forward as healthy as we think that is, it could get worse from here if the economic conditions continue to deteriorate.
Paul Reilly: I'll tell you early on, the last month or so we've actually seen just the opposite. The demand from the banks and even some of the biggest banks in the country has been very strong. I think some of that is somewhat related to the significant level of revolver fundings over the last month. And so we've added significant capacity with third party banks at attractive rates. They're typically one or two year type agreements. And for us as of right now the floating rate agreements that are based on Fed funds target or Fed funds effective.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I guess, it's too early to tell. We're building out all the models. And even when we run sort of parallel runs now with the model that we have, there's pretty significant variations, especially since the COVID crisis. And what macroeconomic scenarios we could use, we would probably air on using some of the more conservative scenarios. But again, too early to tell. And by the time we implemented on October 1, conditions and assumptions are going to be a lot different. So even for the banks that have already implemented, CECL, what we're hearing on from peers and other earnings calls is that there's a lot of uncertainty and variability with the assumptions that they're using.
Paul Reilly: Yes. As we said on the last few calls, we have a target to grow the securities portfolio to $6 billion by the end of the fiscal year. We actually ended the quarter at just over $4 billion. But that would represent a 50% increase, which is a significant increase for the rest of the fiscal year. And we'll probably get to the $6 billion at the current pace, maybe a few weeks before the end of the fiscal year. But obviously, a lot can change between now and then. In terms of the incremental balances that came in in the last four weeks. We're taking them off-balance sheet now just to provide as much flexibility as possible. We wouldn't want to make a big change in our balance sheet strategy in the middle of the global pandemic. And certainly not with that all the cash that just came in, in the last three to four weeks. So we are open to it. Last time we're in a zero rate environment. We didn't have a securities portfolio or agency mortgage backed securities portfolio at all. Now we do and we have a lot of expertise. We actually use our in house team, a strategic investment management services team to help us with it. So we feel really good about our securities portfolio. And as the cash balances remain resilient as we get through the $6 billion, if it still makes sense for us and for shareholders, we will certainly consider growing it even beyond that.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I mean, obviously, there's going to be a lot of variables there in terms of how the asset growth and which categories that asset growth comes from over the next year or two. So as best as we can tell right now, 2.5%, give or take obviously, LIBOR moved 20 basis points just in the last seven days. So there's a lot of volatility even in the base rate. But I think based on what we know that now, that's about as far as we're willing to guide.
Paul Reilly: So from recruiting, Steve I am sorry, Devin, that it's early. We've had a few, what I call telerecruiting sessions that have worked. We our commitment backlog is good, but joining dates have split. People don't want to go in and open an office right now, in most cases, although we've had some virtual openings. So it's early to tell really what that impact is going to be in terms of recruiting. There is nothing like a face-to-face, meaning, especially when many people are joining us for a value proposition. And to really see the technology demonstrated live with people, that's much more impactful. So I think getting in front of people will be the key to resuming recruiting at the kind of the paces we have. And so my guess is it will be disrupted in terms of for the financial services entries for advisors, most firms did fairly well in terms of work from home. Their technology may not have been as noble, but they've been able to do that. And financially, self-clearing firms probably struggled without a lot if they didn't have a lot of capital in the first week or two, but that's settled down too. So I think it's going to be a little bit longer term where people have to see that strategically as we recruit because of our systems. I think firms are going to have to say, you know what, we're just too far behind between regulatory and recruiting and technology that we need to go somewhere else. So I would not expect in the private client group space any rapid movement, and we wish those firms well. They're friendly firms to us, but hopefully, someday, if they make that decision, they'll join us. I think there's probably more opportunity, if this crisis if there's a slow return in M&A. We've had discussions in the investment banking and the M&A space for a while now and pricing tended to be the issue, and we'll see what happens to pricing if this brags out. I think people will get more interested. If it's short-term and M&A bounces back, then I think there'll be less opportunities. So we're very actively keeping up the dialogue, and we're just going to have to see, again, just like the crisis, it's too early to tell, a slow recovery, will need more probably reserves and a slower market and but maybe more M&A opportunity and a faster recovery may make the loan portfolio much more robust and the market goes up, but maybe M&A opportunities won't be as available. So it's just too hard to tell. It seems like forever, but we're six weeks in, really. So it's being at home, it's you count the days a little they seem a little slower, but it hasn't been a lot of time than where we are in this pandemic so far.
Paul Reilly: So what drove it was honestly, we debated with about $1.5 million of cash revolver that's secured and committed by we bank some of the biggest and healthiest financial institutions. So we really need cash. And the first answer was probably not, but we decided I've never seen a firm go broke because they had too much cash or a firm that has that couldn't execute an opportunity because they had too much cash. So we looked at the pros and cons and decided that our extreme capital levels that we've had are an asset to us, and we wouldn't have to cut the debt. So now we're $2 billion in cash and a $0.5 billion undrawn line of credit. So we feel we did it. If this crisis is more severe than we imagine, we'll still be fine. Multiples of the cash and capital that we had going into the '09 crisis, '08, '09, if there's an acquisition opportunity, we are ready to go. Part of our Morgan Keegan acquisition happened because we were able to execute, both with our cash on hand and a committed in an overnight committed volume that a bank gave us to execute very quickly at a time or where it was very uncertain it could execute. So again, we felt being liquid was probably more important than the extra interest cost. So we went ahead and to the bond offering.
Paul Reilly: And those reserves were generated mainly on the industries that we thought the sectors that were very COVID affected. So that's where most of that all that reserving CAD.
Paul Reilly: I think, too, it's important to note that those trading losses, so a lot of them were generated by fixed income. We in our unique kind of balance sheet, one of our strongest sectors has been in the nontaxable muni finance. And even though that portfolio was almost entirely investment grade. In '09 those securities traded well. In this downturn, they did not. So we went ahead and lower those. I think we have the lowest inventory we've ever had. And fixed income right now. When we went ahead and sold them out, and that generated some trading losses, but it left us very liquid and nimble.
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at our capital, one of our clear message is we have a lot more capital and cash. Even today, we're very unlevered compared to most of our competitors. So one of the challenges we had, even if the world continued and we're buying back stock, we would've had to raise that for liquidity or if we did an acquisition, we would have to raise debt or equity for liquidity. So I think what you see is us just being a little more aggressive in getting our cash liquidity more in line with our capital so that we have flexibility. And we felt that the market has recovered and is starting to do better, but we've also seen periods where the market wasn't open for periods of time and felt that even at that cost, it was a good trade-off to have more liquidity, more in keeping with the capital we have to give us flexibility, whether we end up doing an acquisition or buying back shares eventually or we have the cash to be able to execute on that.
Paul Reilly: I think for M&A and capital markets, it's just a confidence where the economy is going. So surprisingly [indiscernible] pulls a bit, backlog has been very resilient. And people are still talking or waiting. I think if you see in the economic recovery start to happen that M&A transactions will pick up. If you see a very slow recovery or a recurrence of the virus, you're going to see M&A activity really fall off. So, again it's very economic dependent and in fixed income I think it we did very well. We did have trading losses as I described later, but the volume and the profitability of that segment has been good. Certainly, March from a commission basis was outsized. Outsized for everybody with the increased volatility, but even as volatility settled down, we still have reasonably good volumes in our fixed income trading sales business. So I'm feeling pretty good about that sector.
Paul Reilly: Great. Sorry if you missed the opening. But we hope and we think about all of everyone affected by COVID directly and indirectly as we're recognized that us and our industry is able to work from home that we're really blessed because other people don't have their jobs right now, and we certainly hope you and your families are doing well. So thank you for joining today and that maybe you can hear the opening on the recording.
