Jeff Julien: Yes. I think that's right. I think, Steve, if we can keep the pretax margin in this 18% type range, that's a very acceptable long-term margin, in our opinion. The way we would like to see growth happen over time is to grow revenues, control expenses at about the same level. So we continue to see this 18% margin, but on an increasing revenue base going forward and then controlling the share count through the repurchases, which we've been doing. And that's sort of long term how we would see it, not so much through concentrating our business in such a way that we optimize the pretax margin. I mean remember, PCG is our core business. And if you look at the margin in the segment, it's actually the lowest margin of our businesses, but it feeds all the other businesses. So through attribution, it's an integral part of that 18% margin. But I wouldn't look for a lot of margin expansion personally. If that's -- that's not how we intend to grow earnings per share going forward. It's more growing revenues and holding the share count flat.
Jeff Julien: It's hard to pick a number on that one. There's a lot of -- I hate to overuse the word lumpy, but there's a lot of costs, particularly on the legal side, that can come in or go out of that any particular quarter. But again, it's somewhere in the -- if we can keep it somewhere in the $60 million to $65 million range for that line, now that we've taken professional fees out and established a separate line item, we can keep the other expense in that $60 million to $65 million range, I think that's indicative of some ongoing legal costs. And in this business, we're never going to be without some litigation from clients or other sources. But in terms of all the other items that fall into that particular category, that would be an acceptable long-term run rate at our current level of operations.
Jeff Julien: It's mix and average size of account, as over time in our client base, average account size has grown and larger accounts typically can come in at a slightly better fee.
Jeff Julien: We've been spending a lot of time on this over the last 4 to 5 months with our sales force. It's gotten to where the rate that people earn on what we call sweep balances compared to what they can earn in what we'll call positional cash, such as an investment in the money market fund. The differential is large enough now that advisers and clients are actually bifurcating their cash into what we'll call operating cash and what we'll call investment cash. And so what we're seeing is, it used to be all just amorphously one into the sweep balance, so now what we're seeing is additional runoff, if you want to use that word, of cash balances into what we'll call positional type of investments. The pace of that, at some point in time, it will hit what we'll call stasis, where the investment cash is in its investment vehicle, and what's left in the sweep program will be the operational cash. I don't know at what point we hit that inflection point. We continue to recruit new advisers and our client assets continue to grow. So there's an incoming flow from that process. But at this point in time, at least through today, we continue to see a net runoff of some of that cash. And again, what percent of assets it ends up being is a little hard to predict now at this point in time. So we'll just have to wait and see.
Jeff Julien: Historically, on average, fee-based revenues as a percentage of assets have been a little bit higher for us than commission-based revenues as a percent of the related assets. But there's a lot of assumptions and all that go into making a statement as broad as that. I don't think it will have a material negative impact, and if anything, it could have a slightly positive impact. The good news about it is it creates a very predictable stream of revenues and it makes us a little bit more model-able company, if that's a word, going forward. And I know that people in your seat appreciate that. And our advisers have been kind of encouraged over the years to use professional management and other sources of fee-based revenues to eliminate some of the old conflicts that arose with commission-based accounts, and that was obviously accelerated with DOL and some of these other potential regulatory changes, and maybe will again, depending what regulatory changes come out and other things that may be on the docket. But at this point in time, I think we still see a continuous shift, plus we recruit advisers that have a practice that is largely focused on fee-based, because it fits with our model better. So I think profitability-wise, it will be our best long-term economic history shows it's a slight positive.
Jeff Julien: Well, Silver Lane is an M&A firm, so trying to determine how those revenues fall is as difficult as trying to determine how our own M&A falls, but it certainly will help augment our M&A revenue stream going forward. It's not an overly material part, as Paul mentioned, neither one of these are transformational acquisitions. And on the ClariVest side, they've been consolidated into our numbers all along. And then the portion we didn't own came out through minority interest. So given the size of minority interest over the last several years, since 2012, when we purchased our initial 45% stake, I mean you could see that what will no longer be coming out. Again, that -- and that won't be a huge transformational number.
Jeff Julien: And the amortization of all the transition assistance related to that does have an impact on the comp ratio.
Jeff Julien: It helps the margin over time. It doesn't in the year or maybe the 2 years following the year you recruit the person. But once they have their business substantially over and have started using our other platforms, the bank, the Asset Management platforms, et cetera, and it radiates throughout the rest of the firm, they become incrementally profitable within a couple of years.
Jeff Julien: Only because our mix of businesses, and this is back to me talking again. I don't think interest spreads are necessarily sustainable at these levels, particularly if the Fed is done with the rate hikes and there will be -- I think there will be continued pressure on client deposit rates for us to maintain any kind of acceptable level of client cash balances. So I think that will -- if we see some spread contraction there, even though we're growing the overall revenue base with the PCG business, and 18% is not just acceptable, that's excellent. I'd love to stay at 18% for the rest of our careers. But given our mix of businesses and that dynamic with interest rates that I foresee going forward at some point in time, I may be right. I haven't been yet for the last 3 or 4 years, but at some point, it may happen. That's why I'd be surprised if there's much room for margin expansion in the near term.
Jeff Julien: Again, it's continued through today. But at some point in time, we think it will level off. We don't know where that is and we're looking at doing some things that will help stem the tide on it that don't involve just purely raising rates to try to keep deposits here. So I don't know where that's going to bottom. It's continued to flow out a little bit every day. Not every day, but a little bit on average every day since the end of the quarter. But again, at some point, we'll reach that level at which people are going to move this investment cash to another location have done so and the money that's there is money awaiting investment.
Jeff Julien: Yes, it's going to be in account and service fees. That will be the line impacted, as Raymond James Bank is, we accommodate its growth. It's the first one in the waterfall stack.
Jeff Julien: It'll impact our pretax income by a couple million dollars a quarter. And that's the extent of that. So that's the amount that was flowing through NCI related to the part we didn't own. But that's -- and the revenues and the expenses were already in our numbers, because it's been consolidated because of our control. We're not a majority ownership, but our control on the board and other things over some of the operations, where we've been consolidating, but the revenue and expense numbers won't -- you won't see any change. You'll just see lower NCI.
Jeff Julien: It's hard to say. You can pick one big average rate, and you can just take the revenue line off the PCG financial and divide it by the assets and that's probably what you're doing to see this decline. But it has to do with which types of programs they're in. We have a whole range of different types of fee-based programs, it depends. The mix really has to do more with are they heading more toward Fixed Income versus equity, which do have some impact on some of the programs, particularly in the managed programs. And then as I mentioned earlier, both the average account size makes a big difference as well, as we've seen the average account size of our accounts within the managed programs increase over time, which again, usually engender a smaller fee as you go up the scale. We're not seeing, and we're not seeing within any particular program or within any of our particular objectives or within our management programs -- our managed programs, we're not necessarily seeing a whole lot of fee pressure and decline. It's been a slow dribble for several years, but it's not been the pressure that it has been in years past.
Jeff Julien: Yes. So, I said in the very beginning of my comments, in that line item, we're going to see, at least so far, we've seen continued decline in the assets that are in those third-party banks. I think our spread could hold up. It's just a matter of whether the balance decline stops, reverses or continues. If we froze everything today, it would be slightly lower probably next quarter than it was this past quarter, because even though we have the same spread, the asset balances are slightly lower. So it's, that's strictly a combination of balance and spread-driven number. And at this point in time, the spread's constant and the balances are slightly lower. So again, if we froze it today, then it'll probably be down slightly in that particular aspect of account and service fees. There are some other fees and things that fall in that line item, but that's the primary one.
Paul Reilly: The only shift that you could really see is there's more of a movement to fee-based accounts. So we're not seeing big pressure at all on advisers, what advisers are charging clients. So those have held in pretty well. So I know there's been a lot of commentary about compression there, we don't see the compression on the fees advisers are charging. There's normal compression on any Asset Management fee or in our industry, but in terms of the adviser fees have held up very, very well. So I think it's more of a mix than any fee compression.
Paul Reilly: So I'd say the interest still remains high. Pipeline is strong. We started off with a slower quarter at the first quarter. Part of that was due just to also a reported net number, we had a lot of retirements. We have some retirements this quarter, but we're lower than last year, our pace of recruiting so far on average, but the pipeline is very good, very strong. And I would say similar to 12 months ago, maybe a little bit less, but not a lot. So given that we're behind on the first 6 months, I would expect us to be under last year's all-time record, but still a very strong recruiting pace.
Paul Reilly: Yes, so first of all, last year's record was a record above 2009. So we didn't have 3 years in a row. 2009 was our all-time record and then we beat it for last year. So although recruiting is still very strong, it's just not as good as last year's all-time record, so -- and certainly, if recruiting is slower, the expense is lower, both ACAT fees when we transfer client assets in, and outside recruiting fees, if we have to pay them. So those costs, those transfer costs, certainly hit the P&L when people move over. So our goal is not to have it slow down. But if it's slower, the expenses will be lower.
Paul Reilly: Yes, the progress is we continue to recruit. The pace is higher, but we've got a long way to go, because we're just starting, really, in that market being aggressively recruiting. So we're having more and more success, but we've got a lot of territory and opportunity there. So we continue to be very focused on it. We've increased our support out West. And so we still view it as a big opportunity for us.
Paul Reilly: We have a number of independent -- we have many independent employee offices out there now. Almost all of our affiliation options are represented in the West. So if there was something out there that made sense, we -- I don't know what it would be.
Paul Reilly: But we're long term, and I think our pace is picking up, the number of advisers on a percentage basis, the growth is good, but again, it's a small base, so we're continuing to work at it.
Paul Reilly: That's a challenge, when you have, whatever the number is, 65%, 2/3 of your revenues in compensation expense and you add 18% margin, and you've got less than 15% to operate the whole rest of your business, expenses, real estate, people, support. So you can always eke out a little, but there's not a lot of room in there. In our Private Client Group business, our second-biggest corporate expense is real estate. So you add that and put the people in and the people costs, those are hard to beat -- those are hard to move in the short term. You can move them in the short term, but there's a lot of consequences, on service levels and everything else if you do that. You can change payouts, but then there's consequences also. And we pay competitively, not at the highest, but we think we pay fairly and we're able to keep people because of the support, so it makes it tough to move that number a lot.
Paul Reilly: I think your comment about it, what you see flow out of third-party, we feed the bank first. So you're going to see the delta really in that cash.
Paul Reilly: Yes, again, I think it's really more rate expectation. We do have a big part of that business is muni-oriented. But I think, again, the volatility is going to drive that more than anything else and to get a continued movement, or rate expectations. So you see in March 2 things. That volatility went up, but also, people's mind shift changed about investing long as the Fed announced they were considering slowing down and not giving rate. So there were a lot of people that went long that have been holding off going long, a lot of clients, and that certainly increased the appetite and certainly the volume for us. On the other hand, I mean not just on the revenue side, on the profit side, we have adjusted sales force and have taken cost actions there, where even at a downscaled business from a revenue standpoint, we are profitable. So I think a lot of firms are experiencing that we are, but not certainly the margins that we enjoyed a few years ago, but we do have it scaled for profitability and yet have kept the main heart of our group. So that if there is a market increase, we'll be able to take advantage of it.
Paul Reilly: So there are certainly a handful of companies we think are strategically and culturally good fits. They're just not for sale, so we stay in touch with them. And if the point comes that they're interested, both whether they're independent or employed or both, we are ready, willing and able. There are also a lot of things we're looking at outside the Private Client Group. There's probably more opportunities in M&A and Asset Management in terms of certainly a number companies than there are in the Private Client Group side, as that group has just gotten much smaller. It's much more consolidated. So it's not the numbers, same number of firms, certainly, that there has been historically. So I think of the 60 companies that took us public, I think 8 names are still alive, including Alex. Brown, which we kept alive. So there's just fewer opportunities. So we're in touch, we're in dialogue and we have a corporate development department that's active. And again, it just has to line up.
Jim Mitchell: Maybe just talking a little bit about recruiting expenses, how do we think, if we're looking at FA headcount growth and recruiting off a record year, I think you had 3 record years in a row, this year is a little bit starting to, I guess, the second derivative is starting to slow. Do we -- would we expect recruiting expenses to also slow in terms of the growth? Or is it not really that impactful because the bigger numbers, amortization, that takes time? Just help me think through the recruiting expense dynamic from this year and next if we're kind of at these levels.
Jim Mitchell: Great. Well, I'm just trying to get a sense, does this help the margin if these expenses flatten out and the revenues continue to come on? It seems like it will naturally help the margin.
Jim Mitchell: Okay, thanks for that. And then maybe just a question on just on the progress on the West Coast. I know that's been an area of focus. It seems like you've had very good success on the East Coast, just any help in thinking about the progress in the West Coast would be great.
