Jeffrey Julien: Yes, just to complete the discussion on the bank, there's a lot of detail that we include in the supplement that we put out with the press release, which tells the whole story. But I think it's important to note that the credit metrics continue to improve. While criticized loans are relatively flat this quarter, they're down 27% since last fiscal year end. And the capital ratios are all in very good shape, and that's subsequent to a $25 million dividend that was paid to the parent company in March. As Paul pointed out, if we run in place for a while, generating $100 million a year and dividend-ing into the parent, then that's what we'll do. But we're going to wait for the right opportunities to grow the bank. Some of the other metrics that -- regarding the entire firm that many of you mentioned in your morning comments. Net interest looks like it was down. But actually, excluding the interest adjustment in the first quarter, net interest was actually up slightly. The bank's net interest was down, has compressed a little bit. And loan balances dropped a little. But Private Client Group more than made up that difference with increased margin debits, and we're actually starting to benefit from the rate increases in Canada where we have Private Client assets as well. That country's ahead of us in raising rates. We benefited in the quarter in the tax rate slightly from some of the corporate-owned life insurance gains. That's been a factor that swung both directions in the positive markets. We do get the benefit of the nontaxable gains, so that drove a little bit lower tax rate this particular quarter and year-to-date versus the prior year. The comp ratio is up slightly from the prior quarter, but that's mainly due to the commission increase, being driven by independent contractor operations. The bonus reversals in the prior quarter, which didn't recur. As Paul mentioned, FICA's starting over, but we didn't really see anything that looked out of line in the comp arena in looking across our operations. And I think it came in pretty close to where one would expect it with those factors. On the data communications line, aside -- we had two real factors that drove the sequential increase. One is the seasonal mailing cost that Paul mentioned, all the 1099s to the brokerage customers and all the annual report information to the shareholders. But in addition to that, we have -- we're starting to incur some of these costs related to systems initiatives that we mentioned in prior calls that we're evaluating a lot of our core systems here. So we may see that continue going forward for, at least, a couple of quarters, if not longer, as we continue to evaluate and possibly upgrade or change some of our major systems. The other expense Paul mentioned, it was predominantly in some of these legal accruals and some of the valuation adjustments. And there were a number of other smaller items. There's not one big item that we can point to in that particular line item. As a result for the quarter, the ROE was about 13.2%, which brings us to about 13.5% for the year-to-date, which is again, we have a 15% target rate. I'll remind everyone that if we were at normalized interest spreads that, that would mean about 200 basis points to our ROE. So we would be operating within that range if those spreads were present today. And lastly, I'll point out book value. The Equity's up over $100 million against the second quarter in a row. It doesn't work anymore taking net incomes, subtracting dividends. I mean, there are other factors. And most notably for the last two quarters, we've had significant equity activity and stock compensation, stock purchase plan by employees, exercises of stock options, et cetera, as equity compensation becomes a pretty big factor in the compensation structure of financial services firms. So as a result, book value went from $19.73 up to $20.42. We do have -- obviously some of that -- the consequence of that stock comp activity is, yes, a few more shares outstanding. So $20.42 at the end of the period.
Jeffrey Julien: About $10 million was in the Other. It was probably $1.5 million of mailing cost that are seasonal in data comp communications.
Jeffrey Julien: I think like we've said, I think the six-month result is pretty indicative of where we should be. There was noise back and forth between the first and second quarters. We do some internal allocations that affect segments a little bit and things like that. Then we had some of these nonrecurring items going both directions in each quarter. So I think if you want a sense going forward, I think I would point you to the six-month results in that segment.
Jeffrey Julien: And once again, they've got a little bit of a running start with assets under management being higher than our April 1 billings than they were on January 1.
Jeffrey Julien: I mean there's clearly some upfront investment to get -- launch these new endeavor, but they're pretty rapid paybacks in all of them.
Jeffrey Julien: The other thing that impacted the margin this last quarter, our cash balances were higher by a couple of $100 million, which there's very little margin in the overnight liquidity that the bank has, so that lowered the margin on total assets.
Paul Reilly: Okay, thank you, Jeff. Obviously, again, the business is such that we're going to have up and down and line item adjustments. But I think overall, the business has performed well. A good -- another solid quarter, which I think we're getting used to here at Raymond James and hope they continue. But certainly, with the market conditions, as we look forward, assets under administration are certainly a driver of our PCG business and look  good. The backlog in ECM looks good. But we have no idea where the markets are going, fixed income. Again, we had a strong quarter, but tends to be volatile. So as we look out, the fundamentals in the core part of the business look very strong, but obviously, we're subject to whatever happens in the market. And although the last couple of days look good or looks like today we'll start off, who knows what tomorrow will bring. So I also want to spend a second on the bragging part just for our folks. The Wall Street Journal online released their Best on the Street Survey, and we had seven. Analysts were recognized, which would tie us in Number 2 in terms of number of analysts recognized in their stock-picking performance. And the bank investment consultant top 20, our FID [ph]  Division here in our PCG Group. Not only do we have the number 1, we had 5 of the top 10 and 7 of the top 20. So I'd like to congratulate those folks also. With that, I'll turn it over for questions from you guys.
Paul Reilly: I also think that the game has changed a bit because we've seen -- we crossed over that magic date that they all told us about for years where the baby boomers were retiring at the rate of 10,000 a day. And so the flows are on. And I think that as people do come back into the equity markets, they may not come back into the same segment of the equity markets that they once were in. I think dividend-paying stocks and revenue or income-producing equities will be favored over some of the high alpha growth sort of strategies that entailed more risk as people are more concerned about retirement planning.
Paul Reilly: There was some in other and some in data comp. But there was about a compendium of about $10 million of, I won't call them nonrecurring, but identifiable items, which predominantly were legal expense and some asset valuation write-downs and private equity that we're participants in.
Paul Reilly: Yes, just a couple of items that came up. And they know they do come up from time to time. And sometimes they fit in the quarter and sometimes they spread out.
Paul Reilly: Continue and Nuveen has been fairly active and the balance is -- customers down significantly. Again, I think, $360 million at the end of the quarter, $360 million, so we've come along way from over $2 billion. And we continue to talk with regulators trying to get it behind us, but the balance seems to be going down. And news on most of the individual securities, we're getting positive news in traction. So we're still working on it and like it to go away, but it's heading in the right direction.
Paul Reilly: I think the trends in the first six months, again, looking at both quarters, have been good. We see the business solid, and a lot of it's depending on the market. So I wouldn't look at any one month commission trend to see anything.
Paul Reilly: If issuance stays down, it stays volatile, sustainable. So it's actually good for -- to trading profits in that kind of environment. So if the environment steadies, you'd expect less. On the taxable side, certainly it's way down. Its spread came in and you have heavy, new issues. So it just depends on the market trends. So I can't tell you it's sustainable as long as the market stays a little bit volatile. It helps us in that space. So I can't forecast or tell you what it's going to be this quarter. And frankly, that's probably the hardest item to predict for us.
Paul Reilly: We're looking at a number of programs in multiple fronts really working with our PCG and ECM businesses. So the PCG area and even outside of it, we're really ramping up our own mortgage origination program in the bank, so both for the market and to service our financial advisors. We are focusing. We've been hiring, looking to hire lenders within our ECM business to focus on our Capital Markets clients because the quality of those loans and performance has been very, very strong. Again, we've been aligning more, making more calls in those clients and also looking at a nonpurpose lending product, which I think most other people have to roll out, again with our PCG group. Again, that performance of that product was very strong in the downturn. And so the programs are all under way. We're working on them. Steve, I don't know if you want to give any more update or color, but they're coming and in progress.
Paul Reilly: No, there have been some increase in expenses in terms of HR -- hired some additional talent, our own mortgage banking operation. We actually -- this most recent six months had the highest loan production in terms of mortgage originations that the bank has ever had as a result of adding that talent and adding capacity, obviously adding some of these new bankers, the industry bankers. But that being said, our efficiency ratio is still one of the lowest in the industries. And I think that those investments in capacity and talent are appropriate to grow the business and also manage the risk of the portfolio.
Paul Reilly: Well I think it's again, a little bit of a cyclical phenomenon. We've had a very good business in Argentina. That was the good and the bad news because nothing was being done there for a long period of time, and we had two fairly large transactions there, which we led in banking, investment banking. And in Brazil, as we've ramped up, although we've had -- ramping up on expenses, again, we've had a little bit of traction there. So they've all hit this quarter. So I think you're seeing a pretty big number this quarter based on the past.
Paul Reilly: No, and I'm saying I don't think it's -- I wouldn't say it's a ramp-up. We have some big fees that have hit this quarter and probably a little higher than usual.
Paul Reilly: Our view is that 100 basis point rise gives us between a $80 million and $100 million pretax, the bottom line for us. So that's where we...
Paul Reilly: Well you know we looked all up and done the curve. Even 30 year looked attractive, if you're looking at equity replacement. I think the issue really is we think there's just going to be opportunities to invest, then we want to stay liquid. And we're generating positive cash flow. So if we had a specific purpose for it, we would've gone longer to fund whatever we're going to use it for. But given that, we just kind of chose a shorter-term range that we figured if we need cash, we're still generating good cash flow. We wanted to be liquid, be able to have opportunities to do whatever we wanted to do and cash over the period of time, we thought would pay it back. So we took probably more of an intermediate position given that and went up and down the yield curve. So we just thought the markets were attractive, wanted to stay liquid and debated up and down the curve. So we could have argued -- we could argue 10, we could argue 5 and we could argue 30, but we chose the five based on that we did the last one at 10 to prevent a bunching of the maturities.
Paul Reilly: I don't know if everyone -- you keep looking and it seems like every couple of quarters, prediction gets a couple of quarters later. We've assumed that rates are going to have to move up, whether it's the end of this year or beginning of next year, which I guess is more of a consensus, we don't know. So we're in a position to benefit from it, but I don't know if we could tell you when that will be, better than anybody else.
Paul Reilly: Yes, that is correct, Devin. That fee recognition of the unamortized portion happens at the time that a loan pays down or pays off. And also if a loan has a material refinancing element, if there's a change of maturity date, we go through an exercise to determine if it's in effect, a new loan or not. The March quarter looked very similar to the December quarter in that regard. So there was -- there's been quite a bit of fee recognition, but both quarters looked relatively consistent with one another.
Paul Reilly: Okay, well if there are no more questions, I thank you for joining the call. And Tom James has joined us in the room, so every time I see 93 consecutive quarters, I'm always reminded what's in front of me is to keep the firm operating positively. So I appreciate your participation, and talk to you all soon.
Chester Helck: Good morning, Devin. This is Chet. As you point out, it's a tough environment for some people in the business. We're seeing that there continues to be some fallout of financial advisors at the low end. We are focused on this intensely given the interest that you and others have expressed in it, as we always have been focused on it. But we're starting to drill down into the numbers, and we're seeing that the people that we're losing are people who were doing considerably less production than average. And as you might imagine, most of that is happening in the independent contractor space, where the expenses fall to the financial advisors. So you can understand the economics drive them to the edge quicker than people producing more or are having their expenses paid. And so the logic you would expect is holding up as we drill down into it, and that's where most of the losses are coming. That said, on the other side, the recruiting part, as investor confidence is restored and the public comes back into the business, which we're seeing and that's driving our assets and that's driving our revenues, it's also driving demand for financial advisors. So competition in the recruiting part of the equation is intense. And we're getting our share, but everybody is seeing less movement overall. So therefore, less people are being recruited in total and competition for the ones that are is pretty high level. And we're not going to pay top dollar. We're going to hold out for the people that come for the right reasons and will stay with us and be good parts of our organization. And so we're not seeing the kind of inflows that you would like to see, given the continued deterioration at the low end. But that said, it's not a wipeout. I mean, we're actually seeing recruiting levels that are reflective of what we saw prior to the meltdown and the inordinate amounts of high numbers of people moving in '08 and '09. So I would say it's a tough recruiting business, but it's not unusual. And we're getting our share, and we're frankly optimistic that the pipeline is good. And we'll continue to produce at these rates. I think you will start to see less fallout at the bottom as business levels pick up and those people, who were maybe close to an edge, get back into solid footing in terms of their revenue flows in their businesses.
Chester Helck: We -- our assumption is that when rates rise 100 basis points, that we would pass 60% of that through the clients. As I've been told by others that, that will be more than competitive because banks will never pass that much through. But where I really gauge that to is to be competitive with money market fund yields at that point in the cycle. We view that as a competitive factor as well. Our payout to brokers is where it is today. We share a small portion of, we call, a controlled asset fee, just based on cash balances, it's being done today, just as it would be done. So that won't incrementally go up as rates rise.
Chester Helck: And certainly over, what we're earning on interest today. Because I don't think anyone is earning a lot on it.
Chester Helck: I don't see us changing our system that would systemically release reserves. It's just as individual credits improve occasionally, we see reserves, specific reserve release. .
Chester Helck: One thing that you could see though, Hugh, is holding everything else constant if you actually had a loan that you had reserved, and you decided to actually charge part of the loan offer or all of it, that in and of itself, would just reduce reserves, once again, holding everything else flat.
Steven Raney: Well hey, Steve. This is Steve Raney. Obviously, we had the lowest provision expense in charge-off quarter in a couple of years. The thing that is a very positive sign is the number of delinquent residential loans came down quite a bit. That's the second quarter in a row we've seen some reductions. We actually -- the dollar amount of the loans that are now delinquent in the residential portfolio, there were 314 loans at the end of December. Now it's down to 295. So we're seeing more activity also in just the foreclosure of pipeline and some short sales. So we're pretty encouraged that we're starting to see some positive momentum in the residential portfolio. We had a very good quarter in terms of just the number of upgrades versus the number of downgrades in the corporate portfolio. As Jeff alluded to, in terms of our total criticized  loans, they were up slightly, but down in a big way year-over-year and year-to-date, down, like Jeff said, nearly 30%. So all that -- adding all that together, we're pretty optimistic in seeing a lot of positive trends  in credit. And I would only hedge to that by saying, as you know Steve, we're -- it's all very lumpy portfolio, and you're subject to one loan going on, some type of nonaccrual status. When you've got -- I think we've only got about $50 million of nonaccrual commercial loans at this point. So that could be dramatically impacted by just one loan.
Steven Raney: Yes, it's actually come down. And I would kind of split it up, Steve. Our average commercial real estate loan is less than $15 million, probably in the $13.5 million to $14 million range. And our average commercial loan is slightly less than $20 million.
Steven Raney: Yes, just a couple of things. We've actually now made a couple of loans to Canadian-based companies that are clients of Raymond James Limited, are Capital Markets clients of the firm in Canada. So we're looking to expand that business to support our clients. I would also just offer that the area that's been the biggest challenge. Historically, we were buyers of pools of whole mortgage loans, residential mortgage loans, which was always an attractive asset if you can buy it right. And if you're able to do the credit due diligence, I would say that, that business, while it's not really, represents -- it doesn't represent core clients obviously to the firm. That business has been more challenging, defined, new product to buy. And that portfolio has shrunk over the last couple of years. And if you take that out, the rest of our business has actually grown quite substantially, including doing more business with clients at Raymond James. So that will -- we're looking to expand that, the linkage with our Equity Capital Markets business and also Private Client Group, as Paul just alluded to, the rollout of the securities-based nonpurpose lending product later on this summer. We did -- we hired a healthcare industry banker this year, and we just recently, this last quarter, hired a senior syndications banker as we're starting to have conversations with clients regarding co-managing and ultimately lead managing their syndications. So those are some of the efforts that are underway to grow the bank's loan portfolio. But nothing that's not outside of our existing businesses. We really -- we want to stick to our core competencies at this point.
Steven Raney: Well, it would go up, I think a lot of them go into ramp [ph] fee type of programs, which is how a lot of the investing is being done here, as you know. So certainly, that fee is a lot more than that we're earning relative to the interest spread on cash. So that would certainly be a positive factor for us. And there are certainly increased Asset Management fees as more went into Equity as our Asset Management effort is largely small and mid-cap equity-based, at this point. So those were -- and so I think they would be a positive to PCG and to Asset Management for sure.
Steven Raney: I think that would impact it for sure. We have seen that the pace by which our corporate borrowers are able to refinance has slowed down here recently. As a matter of fact average loans for the quarter were actually up during the March quarter. We're still seeing some of that activity, but it has slowed down a little bit. Clearly, our residential portfolio, they would be a direct correlation with the prepayments and repayments of our mortgage portfolio with rising rates.
Steven Raney: Sure. Our corporate portfolio, it's obviously -- we've got a risk rating system. So it's based on what grade of loan, but the going-on rate for new loans is approximately 160 basis points of new reserves. And the residential portfolio is just slightly less than 100 basis points right now going on.
Steven Raney: Yes, it kind of not in our DNA to release reserves. But definitely, the latter versus the former comment for sure.
Steven Raney: So I think you'd see the same discipline you saw in '09 where people question whether we're reserving, whether we reserved well, not as well as we thought, I guess, going into '08 or '09, but we keep the same discipline even in the up markets. We assume over a cycle, we're going to use them and try to value them appropriately.
Steven Raney: That's why the spreads stayed up at 3.5% whereas we've been steering people guidance-wise to numbers lower than that. And it's lower than last quarter because last quarter included that interest adjustment. It was [ph] present in the quarter.
Steven Raney: That is correct. And as the refinancing subside, then we wouldn't have that recognition. I think it was a little bit less than $10 million number over the last couple of quarters though.
