Steven M. Raney: Sure. Thanks, Jeff. Good morning, everybody. Just to elaborate a little bit on some of the comments that Paul and Jeff have already provided, we were able to grow loans, not only in the quarter across all categories. Our securities-based lending business, as Paul mentioned and Jeff mentioned, has grown to over $500 million now. Our corporate lending business grew, as of June, compared to March, by $68 million. Our mortgage -- residential mortgage business grew, and our SBA loans grew also. The provision expense associated with that loan growth was relatively nominal because some of these categories are very low-risk -- low-risk items that don't require a lot of reserves. We talked a little bit about the margin. We had an 8-basis-point compression in margin in the June quarter. We've seen that trend continue. But it is -- the margin compression is starting to slow a little bit, relative to the prior few quarters. We do expect continued pressure on margins, but we are starting to see some of that subside in some of our businesses. A little bit more information on our provision expense, as Paul mentioned, and you see -- saw in the release, we had about a $2 million credit for the quarter. And despite the impact of the Shared National Credit exam, there were 9 loans that were downgraded as part of the exam and 2 loans that were upgraded as part of the exam. Then that impact of that was a $5.6 million provision expense. Despite that and the nominal loan growth that I just mentioned, we had some significant loans that had large reserves against them that we had a part payoff of a loan that was on nonaccrual that had a lot of reserves against it. We also had another loan that was upgraded to accrual status in the quarter, that had a lot of reserves against it as well. So the net effect of some loans that had a lot of reserves against them, we had some improvements, both payoffs and upgrades. So netting all that out led to the $2 million credit in provision expense for the quarter. Paul mentioned some of the larger figures in our Other Income number for the quarter. This is the first time, at least in recent history, that our Other Income was actually a negative number. But Paul kind of elaborated on some of that already, the foreign exchange for currency and the mark on the SBA loans that were impacted by the rise in rates.
Steven M. Raney: I think so. I think it will be nominal though. Yes, we're growing asset to kind of in all categories. Our mortgage business, it's gotten to be quite a bit bigger or it's being impacted. Our pipeline over the last 60 days, with the rates ticking up, is a little bit lower. We've seen a big shift to purchase market versus refinances, obviously, given the -- more confidence in the marketplace in the real estate market. And most folks that have refinanced have already done so or that could refinance have done so. On the corporate side, obviously, that's a bigger business. We're now a little over $6.5 billion in loan outstandings. That, that's obviously our biggest business. Continued challenges, but I do think we can nominally grow over the next few quarters, given the current market conditions.
Steven M. Raney: Not exclusively, but that was the vast majority to -- once again, the criticized loans also include even more harshly rated loans, loans that are, by regulatory definition, classified in worse. Those have even higher reserves. We actually had a reduction in our worse-rated or higher-rated credits for the quarter, which contributed significantly to the credit for the quarter in the provision expense line. So -- but the bulk of that increase in criticized loans was attributable to the downgrade, to the Shared National Credit exam.
Steven M. Raney: Yes. I think that the uncertainty, we don't expect any short-term pickup in the fixed income business. But we think that -- and hopefully, the trading profit thing was unusual. But in terms of commission levels, I don't -- we don't expect a short-term improvement. Our -- we -- a big part of our fixed income franchise is the financial institution franchise, and we don't see a big uplift in the short term yet.
Steven M. Raney: And that's a point we're trying to make to people. People say, "Well, look at these results," and say, "Why aren't you doing better? It's been a great margin." Well, it's been a good Dow, but it's not been obviously a good fixed income market. It's not been a very good bank lending market. It's been a very competitive bank lending market. So the equity market isn't the only arena we play in, and we used to be much more exposed and correlated to the equity markets than we are now. We're much more diversified. So we're really -- one of our 3 major markets has performed well this past couple of quarters only.
Steven M. Raney: Yes. Alex, it is a growth initiative for us. This is very much of a joint effort with the bank and Private Client Group, not only to grow loans, but it's a way to help grow assets as well as we're transitioning Financial Advisers from other institutions. Almost all of them have a clients that have loans in other institutions, and we transition them over. Big focus for us is to continue the marketing and support of that business. We are adding something in the neighborhood of $25 million to $30 million a month in loan outstandings from that team. And the margin right now in that business is right at 300 basis points. So it actually is a kind of a negative, relative to our overall margin. But it's a very low-risk business, which we've got a nice system and technology and process in place to make sure that the collateral monitoring relative to the loan position is intact. So want to see that continue to grow, and we want to grow margin balances as well so...
Steven M. Raney: And I think, as Jeff talked about targets, I think those are things that will -- we're shooting for and transitioning to. It doesn't happen on October 1, so they don't move that quickly.
Steven M. Raney: Well, with interest rate cycles, that could be a while. When we were making $5 million to $6 million a month, I think, at the Morgan Keegan time of the acquisition of the fixed income group and enjoyed for a couple of quarters we're seeing pre this quarter, about half of that level. And in the commission levels, just because the market commission level is down 20%. And I think that, that's the return until there's some big movement in the market, either in trading activity, which will drive the commissions, which I think it's going to be some change in the yield curve or movements in rate or volatility. You're not going to see -- that's why I'm saying short term. If you look for the next quarter, I would expect it to move back. You're going to have to see some fundamental changes in the market for that activity to go up, which would mean rates are starting to move and volatility is starting to -- directional volatility -- volatility, but in a direction over time. I think it's when you see that business pick back up. So I would say, for the short term, we don't expect that. Longer term, as rates move, I think that business will start getting more active.
Steven M. Raney: Well, it's going take a good capital market and a good fixed income market. Fixed income was running almost 20% for a while, and it's down in half and capital -- the equity parts up. I mean -- so it's -- we just need some stabilized markets. We've -- I think we've taken the appropriate cost reduction. And if we get some reasonable markets, we can hit that, but we need some market help. And between capital -- between the equity [indiscernible] and fixed income side, both those sides have been choppy for a while now so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'll just add one more thing here before we open it up and that's in the Proprietary Capital section. It was still a -- once again, it was a pretty significant contributor to the results. This June quarter, every year, is the quarter we get audited results on all of the external investments that we're in, as well as some of the ones that we sponsor. And when we -- there were a whole host of relatively small $1 million to $2 million-type marks. Some of which, we don't own 100% of, of course, which is why you see the increase in noncontrolling interest related to that. But this was a very active quarter. Didn't match the Albion results of last quarter, but it was certainly still a significant contributor, again, to the results, including some of the private equity holdings that we acquired in the Morgan Keegan transaction, which came to resolution. So we were happy to have that little added bonus for the quarter.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, Hugh, that's a good point. I would say in early May, when rates started ticking up, that really led to some of the institutional investors with other options, and we saw some improvement in the loan market. We've actually seen some pushback from the banks against companies on some of the repricings that are going on. Some of that's still going on, on the better credits. But once again, as I mentioned, we're seeing that trend at least subside for the most part at this point. It's still a lot of competition, a lot of money chasing too few deals. But I would say that we have seen some improvement over the last 2 to 3 months in that regard.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I'm sorry. That may come at the -- I think there will still be pressure on the margin that we probably will -- we've been guiding people down to the 325-, 330-type level. We obviously aren't there yet and -- but the older ones that are refinancing or paying off or maturing. Even with this backup in pricing that we've seen lately, we're still not back to the levels that...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Of the current portfolio. So we're still going to see some compression, I think, in the net interest margin. But hopefully, some loan growth, so we can keep net interest earnings about flat.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I wouldn't say noticeable. I wouldn't say it was noticeable for the month, but we typically aren't the leading indicator on those so...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, I think, the technology is certainly running much higher. I think you'll see an improvement in that over the next few quarters. In terms of the operational support, it will remain elevated for a period of time yet. And what will be the indicator for us is just call volume in the call centers. As long as people have issues and are learning the systems, we'll continue to stay elevated. And as that comes down, and we're also going through a number of technology projects to streamline our interfaces between the branch and home office. As those come online, I think we'll be able to get those more in line. But I think those will stay higher through this coming year on the operational support side, where I think you'll see the technology cost come down some in the next quarter -- next couple of quarters.
Paul Christopher Reilly: The big issue on the SBL loans is that the assets that come over with the loans are multiples of the loan amount. So it's kind of a strategic initiative for us, as well as a low -- we think a low-risk lending because of the security -- securitization of the loans.
Paul Christopher Reilly: There's no big macro thing that would say you're going to see a big pickup. I mean, the -- what we said before is that we had capacity that we would look at better credits -- at better credits of lower margins. So -- but we wouldn't go down. We wouldn't go after higher yields, lesser credit loans. And that's still our strategy. So I don't see any impetus to say that there's something that -- between loan growth, there's spreads reversing in the short term that would show any growth in the short term.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Or if they move the capital ratios way up on the big banks [ph], we might have a bigger opportunity. So -- but I think, short term, we're kind of -- we don't see a lot of opportunity there.
Paul Christopher Reilly: I don't want to really talk too much about headcount there, but it was both in fixed income and Equity Capital Markets, where we've looked at reducing both because of the integration. During the integration, we ran heavy, hoping the market would allow us to retain more people. And I think in both those businesses that the market wasn't significantly better than when we acquired the firm. So we've just been more aggressive on getting those reductions in. So I don't know...
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. I would say, first, it's been very good. The first was the conversion, which scared us to death. I mean, and it would scare anyone to death, even if you think it's going well. But the day after the conversion, everything was -- every account was in balance, which amazed us. Call centers were very elevated, even though we had people in the branches at that point, we don't now, actually helping them. Those call volumes came down in a matter of days, which we were actually surprised. And for a lot of those were basic, "How do I open this? How do I do that?" We're into more of the sophisticated using is, "How do I do this planning thing? And how do I get this -- how do I generate this kind of report? How do I -- I've got this issue and kind of account, who do I talk to?" People that have been here, know all of that, and they know who to go to and talk to. The people who are new at Morgan Keegan, the people they used to call in Memphis are -- the systems are new to them, too. So if the questions are fairly complex, they need to get help. That is working its way through, but it's going to take some time. So we'll have some nominal cost reductions even in this quarter as we've looked at kind of some structural changes in the operational support. But my guess is that's going to stay elevated through the first half of next year, as we just want to make sure the support levels are there. And we're just -- we're going to be slow to reduce support unless those levels are down and -- the questions that we get now are pretty sophisticated, and we just got to get people used to the systems and get our new support people, who are very good, used to our systems, too.
Paul Christopher Reilly: But the magnitude of it was more of a credit last quarter. And an addition this quarter, not any massive additions to reserves. You're just seeing the swing was big.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes, I'd say it's improving, that there are 2 factors to that. Certainly, as we've all talked about in the industry, the acceleration in December kind of filled backlog and March was -- the March quarter was slow by everyone's standard. I think that we're seeing improving activity, and I think you're seeing that in competitors' reports, too, that backlog looks good. There seems to be more interest. I think most of us were surprised there wasn't more M&A activity and actually, given rates and given market outlooks and growth initiatives. So as we look at -- as we kind of look forward to the next quarter, we think that the activity we received this quarter we should continue. Again, it gets lumpy. But I think it's -- I think the longer-term outlook should be positive for M&A.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Let me separate the pieces. The first I want to start is, we are very pleased with the fixed income business and the people we have in the integration of the 2 pieces. It's a very, very good business. Now having said that, the market's tough, right? So it's kind of hard to beat the market. And certainly, I think this quarter was the result [ph] of a tough market and hopefully, again, you never -- you're in the business of risk management here so you have to stay on top of it. But trading losses, hopefully, are unusual for us. So I think you'll see some bounce-back on that piece. But it's still going to be a tough market. So given when we did the acquisition, that segment of the market will be down. If you look at overall synergies, whether it's between fixed income and Capital Markets or PCG, these synergies that we've recognized in PCG, we've actually taken more costs out than we had told you guys kind of pre-acquisition or at the announcement time. And we're very pleased with the synergies in terms of Private Client Group and Asset Management, the integration of the businesses. And those are -- the productivity gains, we think we get in Private Client Group. But those take time. They're not a light switch. They're -- it's more of a dial. You have to get people onboard, understanding, working together, trusting. And I think we'll continue to make those kind of gains. But that's separate from the fixed income market, just as we had a bad equity market. We could be operating perfectly, and everybody could be working together and it could be synergistic, but it's hard to beat the market. So I think you got to separate the synergies, the integration which, I think, has gone exceptionally well and we'll continue to make progress on; and the performance of fixed income markets, which are just hard right now.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. And you have to look at -- and, again, I'd like -- if you look at the initial run rate, and this is from people, because we've had the retention, you would say fixed income was outperforming. When the market turned down, it's been underperforming, and it's going to underperform until market conditions improve. But the people we've got and the franchise we've got and the systems we've got, we're very pleased with. We just wish the market conditions were a little better.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And so I think that -- I think an upwardly rising, predictable rate, with people thinking it's going to move, will cause people, both in the public finance business to go ahead and issue, where they're holding right now and looking at spreads of treasuries versus tax frees and not knowing where they're going, causes people to pause. Once there's some -- once there's a direction, people will know how to invest and will issue. And I think right now, it's just unpredictable and people are waiting. Knowing rates are going to go up, they're not going to -- at some point, aren't going to make bets until they feel like they have a vision or can see where things are headed.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Yes. As I tell people, first, at these prices, we don't think it's a good investment. We hope to be able to utilize our capital, and I always say people that are betting on a balance sheet restructuring for us for accretion [indiscernible], we're probably not a good bet. We're conservative. We like a lot of capital. And again, at today's prices, we don't think that's a good use of capital.
Paul Christopher Reilly: And then again, we've taken the cost actions now to the -- they have a better chance of hitting those, but we need some help. But we are going to keep our franchise intact. So we're -- if the market's slow for a while and we have good people, we're going to keep the people and gut through it. It's been our -- the way we've operated for a long time, and we'll continue to do that. We have good people. We've made the cuts we think that are necessary, and then we're going to need some market help.
Paul Christopher Reilly: Well, great, it sounds like we've gotten through the questions today. And I know again, sometimes the number's a little challenging because of the integration. But as we told you back through the integration, our goal is to get most of this cost-cutting and the adjustments out through the end of this fiscal year, and I think we're on track to do that. In June, I think we were a little quicker than we said you -- we had been and we still have a little bit to do. But we're on our way and hopefully, through this next quarter, we can get most of the cost adjustments out and positioning. And the good news is the integration has gone well. We like the positioning of the franchise, and we have to continue both to grow the business and focus on the cost side as we would in any normal environment. So we appreciate you attending this morning and look forward to talking to you soon. Thank you, Jodie.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: And one last comment, I'll open for questions. The other thing you need to recognize is we continue to still operate pretty heavy operational support through the integration that our headcount pre-Morgan Keegan acquisition, for Raymond James and Morgan Keegan is actually higher than when we -- where we were when we both started. And we're going to keep that support levels elevated as our new advisers are getting used to new systems. Our support staff from Morgan Keegan are very good in understanding securities transactions. Our systems are also new to them, and there's a learning curve. And through that learning curve, we'll keep support levels high. Again, our focus has been on retention. And over time, we'll be able to address that. But that has been also an area that will keep -- that has kept some of our costs elevated through this year.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's kind of a hard one because they move in different ways. I mean movements from fixed income into equities helps our PCG business if there's good equity markets. And I think, actually, the interest rate and the yield curve and rates are actually going to impact our fixed income business itself. So it depends where they move and how and actually how volatile they are. So it's kind of hard. If you look at our overall business, about 45% of it is now exposed to the equity markets and the rest are exposed to other interest rate or trading or the bank. And -- but they move in different pieces. Obviously, the big one is short-term interest rates for us, which haven't moved. The longer-term rates moving up as long as they're not too volatile are positive, I think for some of our other businesses. But if they're lumpy, we have exposure in the fixed income side.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. It's the same ones that we presented at Analyst Day by business: 9% at Private Client Group, 15% Capital Markets, 30% in Asset Management and the bank with a net interest, it's really more of a net interest margin than it is pretax margin at the bank. That's relevant, but when you roll those businesses together, if that's what our 2014 budget shows, which we haven't put together yet, that would equate to something about a 15% consolidated pretax margin for the company, which equates to about a 12% ROE and encompassed in that if, again, all the forecasts prove to be correct, this is where the forward-looking disclaimer comes into play. The comp ratio would be something around 66.5%.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: That's a business that doesn't really have a lot of room for positive -- big positive surprises. A negative provision expense is about as exciting as it's going to get. You may get some currency blip here and there, but then again, we don't have that much in Canadian loans outstanding anymore on the bank's books. So there's not a lot of room for surprises other than in the credit area, which hopefully, we can continue to control well.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: This year was predominantly legal. We had some legal -- favorable legal activity settlements, et cetera, last quarter on client matters. This quarter, we've had some additional provisions. And just like in the bank, we try to get ahead of those pretty much in terms of reserving for cases when complaints are filed and actual arbitrations are filed. So that had to do with predominantly legal activity.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But to your point, if you step back and look at it, I mean, from acquisition to now, I'd say Private Client Group has actually outperformed our expectations somewhat, not dramatically, but slightly. But fixed income has significantly underperformed our model that we based the acquisition on. And unless conditions do improve in the fixed income market, then it will be difficult for us to show any significant accretion from the acquisition for sure.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: No, I think, actually, a rising rate environment that's predictable, and people believe there's a predictable direction would be very good for that business.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think that -- I hope -- I think we would hope to be there by the end of '14, as a run rate, but that's what would be embedded in our -- if we achieve all those targets that I mentioned earlier. I mean, that's a pretty big change from where we are and that's a pretty big number. And it encompasses revenue growth, not just expense reduction. So it would definitely take a little period of time to get there.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Certainly, it would take a recovery in the fixed income markets for sure and continuation or improvement of equity capital markets activity from where it is today as well. They've both been at level -- that level in the past. It's just a matter of getting back to those levels and we're -- and that takes the market environment to some extent.
