Paul Reilly: I think you've known us long enough that we don't play the betting on interest rate game. So we like a floating rate balance sheet. It's served us well, even though maybe for a couple of years we got criticized and made it kind of easy to get through this last year. And we certainly have some duration in our balance sheet and bank in terms of mortgages and other things. But again, we're not looking at trying to make an interest rate bet overall.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we've all been in the same boat. I mean, we've had the mix of our businesses are different to the timing of quarters, but we've already had a number of transactions closed for this quarter. But we see green shoots in that both activity level, backlog, new deals, are all positive factors, but we just don't see a big rush to get everything done. So although we expect the business to improve, our history and our cycles just tell us that they take a little longer than we would all like or a lot of what bankers expected. So I think we're going to all track along in the industry on this. Hopefully it improves. We'll play along. We're positioned. We have a lot of clients interested, a lot of mandates. But for them to come, we've had those for the last year. So the question is when are people really able to transact in the market? I did want to add something to your first question on banking. Although we don't make duration plays, we are seeing spreads widen in loans. And we think there's an opportunity again, by keeping our capital in cash that at the right time and the right loans, we'll be able to grow more on spread than making interest rate bets as a strategy.
Paul Reilly: Hey, Kyle. No, we really, again, the ESP program is a product that we created to serve clients and to help advisors bring in assets from their clients. And so, really, what's driving our growth strategy with ESP is, first and foremost, client demand and advisors are asking us to us to keep this product available for their clients. And of course, there's some capacity constraints given we offer up to $50 million of FDIC insurance. So there's a network of banks and there's capacity constraints associated with that. But we're not looking to sort of manage those balances down based on our near-term needs. Long-term, we know we'll, we're confident we'll need the funding and so this gives us ample opportunity to grow the balance sheet when client demand for loans resurfaces.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I think we have certainly seen a deceleration of pay downs which is what really picked up as rates increased and borrowing costs increased. We saw the expected pay downs over the last, six to 12 months, but kind of, particularly in June, and even in July, those pay downs have really slowed down. And so we think this is a good baseline. We're not smart enough to call a trot or a floor. But we do we are optimistic that over the next six to 12 months, if the markets stay relatively resilient, that we'll see kind of a pickup of demand off this level of these sites sort of levels going forward.
Paul Reilly: A lot of pieces to that question, Alex, but hopefully 5% is a conservative guide. Last quarter, we guided down 10% and it actually ended up being down 3%. So we were very pleased to outperform our guide from last quarter. Just given the uncertainty, we think it's always prudent to give conservative guidance around these type of things. So you're right, there are a lot of puts and takes. We would expect the BDP fee portion to be up just because balances are up so significantly quarter-over-quarter. So as long as that stays somewhat resilient over the course of the quarter, we would expect those BDP fees to be up. And then conversely, with the interest income at the bank, we would expect pressure there just because we'll have a full quarter impact of all of the ESP balances that we raised during the third quarter. And as we raise those balances, we move to lower cost balances from the bank to the third party banks. So there's some geography involved in that from one to the other. But when we put those things together, and our best guess that balances going forward, which can change dramatically over the next couple of months, that's where we come up with the down 5% between both BDP fees and NII. But again, we're hoping that we can exceed that guidance if things hold. And in terms of what we're seeing so far in the month of July, really the balances have stabilized. I mean, we did see a decrease in the sweep balances due to the quarterly fee billings in July, which is what you would expect, but outside of that we really have seen kind of a sort of absolutely a deceleration of cash shorting activity. I mean, outside of those declines from the quarterly fee billings, cash, the sweet balances were fairly stable outside of those quarterly fee billings and the ESP balances continued to grow.
Paul Reilly: Yes, I mean there could be certainly additional reserves and there probably will be additional reserves in future quarters, we're hoping that they'll be pretty big drop off from the $66 million or so that we saw this quarter that was obviously unusual for us if you look back at our history. So time will tell, but as obviously, this quarter was obviously elevated relative to sort of what you look at for an average reserve for quarter for us.
Paul Reilly: Yes I think we're not going to talk about firms or stuff, but I think that just based on our strategy it was an independent contractor firm, a normal independent contractor firm based on their strategy and what they wanted to do and ours and us looking at our profitability and I think what they thought they could do and other things, we just thought it would better have another home and they went ahead and we supported their move and then we, again as we said we kept a lot of the advisors, the advisors had a choice. And so we call it just strategic differences in both of our businesses and profitability as we said we don't think that the -- that there's a negative impact to our profitability on that change. So we're both making our bets and both going in the directions we think we're right.
Paul Reilly: Yes and we -- I mean the average maturity on that portfolio is somewhere in the four year range and so it takes some time for it to run off. We're probably going to see maybe $1.5 billion or so of a runoff a year at current levels. So it will take some time. And frankly we grew that securities portfolio over during that COVID period, because we had a pretty significant increase in client cash balances, as you'll recall. And there really wasn't demand from third party banks. So we took it on to our own balance sheet to accommodate those cash balances. Unfortunately, we kept the vast majority of those, as Paul indicated in very, very short-term treasuries, and didn't take too much duration risk. And so now as we look forward, we're really going to grow that left debt securities portfolio runoff, so the liquidity in the balance sheet should be somewhere around 10% of the bank's balance sheets combined, which will let us reinvest a lot of those repayments to bank loans, which again, as Paul said, have higher spreads and higher yields on them. So that will be a nice kind of tailwind for us over the next several years, hopefully.
Paul Reilly: And just to be clear, when we raise those ESP balances, cash is fungible. The cash and we move off balance sheet to third party banks, is still making a higher spread than the cost of EIP balances, while we sort of await investment in higher yielding assets and loans. So it's still a net, not a huge net positive, but it's still a net positive for us. So we offer the clients a product that's attractive, allows advisors to gain more wallet share from their clients. And we essentially place that cash with third party banks until we have better investment opportunities. There's a lot of geography involved in terms of what shows up in NII, and BDP fees, but we obviously look at it from a consolidated basis. So it's really a win for the clients, a win for the advisors, and a win for the firm, and gives us a lot of capacity to grow the balance sheet over time. So that's kind of how we're thinking about it. And, to the extent that when demand returns for loans, both corporate loans, and then loans to the Private Client Group clients, then there will certainly be a nice tailwind to our net interest income.
Paul Reilly: So just to be clear and just to be clear, one last comment on this is because I've got some questions over the email is, we our guide, the 5% guide that I provided on NII and BDP fees is really based on today's rate action. So we're not trying to factor in the forward curve or anything like that, as Paul said, I'm not sure we totally buy the forward curve, but I'm not sure if we, we're certainly not going to give guidance based on the Fed cutting rates anytime soon.
Paul Reilly: So I think we I think I've gotten this question almost every quarter now for 13 years since I've been CEO. It's competitive. I mean it's -- I think all firms are kind of in the market. The costs have gone up somewhat, certainly over the years. So we have maintained our position not being the highest bidder in these cases and using as its positive selection, but it's certainly comparative. You have broker, dealer employee channels, you have the independent firms and the aggregators competing especially at the high end of for all their clients, so the good news for us as we continue to compete very well. We continue the pipeline is strong. The biggest change probably over the last two years is the number of just very large teams that we talked to versus years ago. So the pipeline is great, it's been picking up every quarter very slow start. It's continued to pick up each quarter and so we're optimistic, but it is competitive.
Paul Reilly: Yes, well, it's a relatively new product for us. We launched it in March. So we'll learn more as we have more experience with it and as rates stabilize, and those sorts of things. So we want there, we always try to have cushions around kind of how we think about funding deployment, and maybe even more so a bigger cushion when you're dealing with a new deposit product in a volatile and uncertain rate environment and so you look at where we are today. We've had a target of third party balances of around $10 billion that we talked about, just six months ago, and now we're up to $16 billion, or north of $16 billion of third party balances and the banks are still holding very high cash balances more than they need in a normal environment. And so we have a significant funding cushion and opportunity over the next several months to really kind of have better history and understanding of the sort of the reinvestment of the enhanced saving product balances.
Paul Reilly: Thanks Devin. Now as you know we just hired a new head of our Corporate Development Practice, so we certainly didn't do that to slow down. And I didn't see the article you're alluding to. But we've always had a course of firms that we believe would fit us well, especially in the Private Client Group space where we really know them all and our focus hasn't changed. And as we've said in the past, the private are not for sale, so it does not help but we stay close and if it ever changes, we want to be their only the first call. So we continue to keep that strategy and then on the M&A with Suraj [ph] who has joined us is really focused on also other opportunities. We've looked at M&A firms that we talked to pre, market, adjustment. And because we thought valuations are way off, and we continue dialogue with those that we think fill holes in the practice. And again, pricing has gotten much better there. We've had a few assets in the asset management space, and some we've talked to and couldn't come up with pricing versus the market, but that's not unusual for us. And looking at other ancillary technology fit in place, like SumRidge, which has really been a huge positive, so all eyes are not off the ball at all, for M&A. In fact, we always assume the tougher the market, the better opportunity to really add people to the family. So, again, has to be a culture fit, strategic, be able to integrate it, and then it's price. And so we're pretty price disciplined too, so we're working away. And we always have, so but, we went where we didn't close any for a while, and we closed three quickly. So the notes.
Paul Reilly: Yes, thank you for joining. I know it's always a busy time with everyone, with earnings, but I really feel like we're in great shape, you can see our asset growth in our recruiting growth and certainly Capital Markets is a tough market, but that we'll return to and we have a great franchise in that business when the market returns. They'll return and we believe we can continue growing the other businesses. So thanks for joining and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Paul Shoukry: And it's an easy adjustment for us. It's an easy adjustment for us too because you can adjust rate, which gives you some attrition. And you can stop the program if you had to or slow it down. So, but as of right now cash sorting has slowed, but it hasn't stopped if you look at everyone's reports. We will continue to leave the program open to our advisors as long as we have capacity.
Paul Shoukry: Well actually got us both pretty well there. You're calling me older than Paul. I think that it's really hard to tell. If you look at backlog and things you could say it will start improving, but I think the market really goes you'll see it with everybody, so I don't I don't know what our position would be that would make it a lot different in the market when it returns. So we do have a lot more capacity. We invested lot of those investments are with people that we recruited and did acquisitions and they are kind of part of us now. So yes we've already looked and only trimmed some costs and we think it will continue longer term we would do more, but we're really trying to keep the team in place that we spent five years in building. I think they'll be very, very productive. So hopefully that everyone's green shoots turns into trees and it's worth hoping for. I think Paul gave six to 12 months before we think industry wide not just us it will really start getting, but that's the unknown. It really just is the unknown right? We certainly have the capacity and once the market picks up I think we're well positioned. Clients are engaged, but that's the million dollar question I can't answer. But if we ever got to the point we thought it was more of a permanent or longer term kind of hiatus, we would manage cost as tightly as we could.
Paul Shoukry: Right. And then when you just think about NII after this coming quarter down, I guess combined down five, maybe I don’t know, down a little more, how do you think about, do you feel like once you kind of catch up and ESP balances are not growing as rapidly that that NIM starts -- in the bank starts to stabilize, and I can be flat up or still think that further declines.
Paul Shoukry: If you look industry-wide there's still a competition for cash and as long as there is an upward and the Feds raising rates, it's going to impact I think rates on both ends. And until that dynamics, once that dynamic stabilizes, or if it ever does go the other way, which some people predict we haven't believed the board curved for over a year now, but the ones that does happen, spreads should improve, but that's, we don't know. So we're operating, we know, on the ESP balances. They're not cheap, but we still make a spread off of them. So it's positive the NII and so there is no harm and raising them for clients and we make a little money too.
Paul Shoukry: I think you can also look at, most of the ESP balances came from cash balances elsewhere, money markets, treasuries, I mean, so it was really, I think, if you look at the assets, the cash yield play, it just happened to be secured with FDIC, and more people viewed it as more secure with FDIC insurance. So it's not like it came out of everybody ran from equities into the products. So and if you look at the percentage of our assets in cash, we're certainly not at -- we're more closer to historic levels than we are at record levels. I mean, are so -- but as Paul said, we are always more cautious with the new product and understand it can move and also are used to competing. So we will see in the quarter, but again, we have a big cushion right now. That's why we haven't slowed down deposits, just understanding that it could have a little more volatility, but we'll see.
