Paul Reilly: Thanks, Jeff. Just in terms of little bit of our view of the outlook, Private Client Group certainly, with their assets up 5%, should start off the quarter with some tailwinds and the same with Asset Management with a 9% increase in those assets were the new record of almost $450 billion of assets under administration and $60 billion of assets under management. However we don't expect our performance fees that usually come at the end of the year to be next quarter. So as you look at Asset Management, you can adjust those expectations. The Bank loan growth was good. We never know on pay-offs to decline. I think we give you direction if something else happens in that quarter. But overall, this is a very competitive market, but we've been able to grow loans. But there is a pressure on spreads. It will continue. And I'll talk about interest rates a little bit more. The provision has been low, but it won't remain low forever if we grow loans. So we've had again improving credit quality that's reduced the provision. But at some point, that provision as we grow loans is going to have to come up to match loan growth. The good news is credit quality continues to improve. On the Capital Markets side, the Equity Capital Markets, the overall market volumes remain challenged. We've done well. We've had a good lift this quarter by the Analysts' Best Picks. The financing markets appear positive and deals should still get done as long as the markets are good. M&A backlog looks good for us. I would call it strong, although traditionally, January and the first quarter are generally weaker in M&A markets, because a lot of deals get done by year-end. But as long as the markets stay good, I think the Equity Capital Markets outlook remains positive. Fixed income is just challenged with low short-term rates and the expectation of long rates to increase is just leaving a lot of investors on the sidelines watching. And those commission levels still remain challenged and I think will for some time. The offset has been very good trading profits. But if rates start to rise and if commissions don't improve, volumes, it will be hard to maintain those kind of trading profits in that environment. So we stay very, very cautious. Public finance issuance was down last quarter. We got a raise in the top 10 public finance issuers as the whole market was down. We expect it to improve. But when governments, which we think have the need to finance, start financing, we don't know. So we're cautious in the short term, but more positive in the medium to long term. So interest rates will rise, I think, and the question is when. We're well positioned to benefit from them, but until they do, especially with all the cash in the market, I think that spreads will continue to be challenging. We thought we had some relief from them last quarter. They look like they're getting to hurt again. And again, rates will rise some day as our position, we don't when. So in this environment, spreads will continue to be challenging. Cost discipline is very good. We talked about that through the whole Morgan Keegan integration, and you could see them show up in numbers last quarter and this quarter. And we are committed to managing that and you can see it in the run rate. So overall, we think the markets look constructive. There could be a correction in the Equity Capital Markets, but we believe the economy is in reasonable shape and expect constructive market, but again cautious given the reasons we talked about there. Overall, we feel great about our position. I think the integration is behind us. It's great to see we are acting as one team and we are operating as one team within a greater leadership. Our position is good. We feel great about our people and our firm overall. So with that, I'll turn it back to Judy and we'll take questions.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. That dynamic has really been in place now for a better part of two years. We continue to be extremely selective. We're really under no pressure at all to really grow loans or loosen our standards in order to grow loans. There's been enough volume and there's actually been an increase, I would say, in the M&A markets that have driven some of the transactions. We did have our most productive quarter. We did 89 transactions this last quarter. The higher watermark was the June quarter of last year that had 79 transactions. So yeah, in our unique model, there is still enough availability of new transactions that meet our credit standards. So I know we grew loans over 5% this last quarter. I don't think that pace will continue. But we're more optimistic just given the economic environment and deal flow that we're currently seeing, and we’re going to do that without loosening our standards.
Paul Reilly: I think it's the two things. First, you get comp true-ups during the year-end, which are harder to predict and M&A, so we kind of I mean with the equity capital markets. So in the first quarter, I think the P&L is a little harder. And secondly, September quarter, I think, was our second best M&A quarter. And M&A, we tend to have better margins. We had a decent December quarter. It wasn't a bad quarter, but September was a very big quarter for us. And that drives comp down. So you are probably seeing most of the delta really in comp margins that drive that. Again, it’s a transaction based - a lot of transactions in that business. So it's a little lumpier.
Paul Reilly: Recruiting and net recruiting are two numbers. And I don't know if I can quantify honestly. I think the goal is actually $75 million in our businesses in each segment in our Private Client Group and our employee and independent contracted groups at similar targets, roughly that run rate of new recruiting. We also have rolled out our new RAA. It's on a new business, but I guess the reformatted business that we're hoping to add to those numbers, but it's early days. I think it's allowed us to fill our recruiting pipeline between getting people in and bringing them over. So that's kind of the run rate number we're targeting, but we're just as focused on the net number of assets, the way they keep growing is not to lose them and our retention has been very good. And so we're focused not really on the numbers, but we really look at assets.
Paul Reilly: That's a hard one to predict. It looked like we were going to get some relief from that, and that's come back in and who knows what else went out. So we're subject to the markets. But today, from a standing start, which seemed to be off every time we predict, the market has moved another way. It looks like compression will still get some of that light compression.
Paul Reilly: Yeah, most of the trading profits have come through the muni book. Certainly that was true in last quarter. So there are two pieces to it. One is the retail activity was okay just because I think people have repositioned, giving longer from shorter, which we think is a good thing for retail clients. They're going shorter. And then in the institutional side of the market, if you talk to people, a lot of people got frightened in June with the rate corrections, which none of us liked, but we're pretty steady. And we've stayed in the markets. I think people have backed out a little bit. And since we're turning inventories really twice the weeks, we feel pretty comfortable in our position. And we have some rates, the 10-year came in during the quarter, which anytime that happens when you own stuff, you make a little more money on it. So overall, that's where it's coming from. And again, the concern is that as commission volumes stay low that that's going to be under pressure. January, same trends continued both on conditions and the trading profits are pretty good. I don't know how long that holds up.
Paul Reilly: We went through a significant resizing when we combined Morgan Keegan with Raymond James. We sized it hopefully for a growing market. And it obvious that didn't happen. We made some cuts. And then again last year, we sized it. So I feel very comfortable with size. It's a pretty variable model in terms of costs. We do have salaries, but they're generally low and it's really more of a variable cost model in general. We have some fixed cost guarantees basically from the acquisition that come off in April. And so I think the sizing of the fixed income business for now we're very comfortable. We've very, very good people. And we've proven in the operations both in the top market. In June, I think we outperformed by losing less in trading profits. And that's due both to our very good traders and our very good salespeople. And I think we've shown that we've outperformed in this sluggish market. So I feel good about the people we have, but that model is pretty variable. I mean obviously if there is a dramatic change or you think you're down for a extended period of time, you ought to look at cost. But we tend to rise temporary downturns through and done over higher in big boom times. So we're more long-term player than trying to adjust for short-term profitability.
Paul Reilly: There is no doubt there has been a movement in the equities. And if you look at our economist review, it's a rather overweight equities and underweight fixed income in general for the individual investor. So you're seeing some movement in there. I'd get concerned when the retail investors are chasing a positive market. You don't want them to get into the peak. On the other side, if you look at retail, it is not positive on the equity markets. And in fact, our December sentiment actually went down under 30% for the investors who were positive about the short-term equity market. So you're seeing a mixed bag. I think there is movements in the equities. Some of that is the push out of fixed income a little bit. And looking for dividend yield, some of it is watching the rise in the market. So there's definitely inflows into equities out of fixed income.
Paul Reilly: We look at that pretty regularly. It's hard for us to do much different than we're doing without taking either credit or duration risk. And even a modest amount of that just seems like in stressed times, whenever something can go wrong, it's a little bit of our risk aversion that's causing us from trying to catch bigger spreads on that client cash. But we have looked at exactly what you're talking about on several occasions. And maybe to some modest extent, to the extent that we can find acceptable investments on the asset side. And we know a lot of the competitors and we could see in the releases of middle firm securities to raise their spreads. We try not to take those rate risk and we've always been conservative. Our strategy is like that, a little slower or not earning as much. But when markets move, we look a little smarter. Again, we tend to be on the conservative long-term side. So we do some of that to be modest. We're more worried about long-term impact.
Paul Reilly: Well, the bulk of our fixed income business, I mean our really franchise is in the muni business and the mid-bank in place that are very, very strong. We're in the corporate business. So it's more of an accommodation business for us. I wouldn't call it our pure profit drivers. So it's that space both the bank mid-tier banks and their investments and loans and the muni business that really drive our levels in our fixed income practice, as well as our retail.
Paul Reilly: Definitely a steeper yield curve and volatility. I guess you'd say the worst part for that business would be a slow, steady creep of rates, where people just wait and wait and wait. And the best environment is when the rates jerk up and it shocks people. It's bad on trading profits maybe for the short-term, but long-term, people move and your commission volumes go up and you make it back. So we'd rather see steep rate increases in a slow, steady couple of basis points every month. That's kind of the torture environment for fixed income business. So steep and volatility is good for fixed income. The best news is when they're doing bad, the equity markets are doing really well and the overall firm does better. But definitely rates have to move. They're absolutely low. And so rates moving up help that business to reposition their securities portfolios.
Paul Reilly: The impact to recruiting is you got to charge against income too. So as you amortize those payments, so as you recruit, it's actually a drag on short-term margins. So obviously if the market continues to go up, you're going to get margin extension on the revenue. But I think it's kind of early to call. We changed our grid and our employee size this year and those effects are still coming through. We've done a number of fee changes that are still coming through. So I wouldn't declare one quarter as the number that we should live off. I think we got to look that play out. Markets are good.
Paul Reilly: It's roughly a push in terms of economics. Otherwise, we might have had second thoughts. But it is where clients want it. But it does move the revenues on that money from what was interest earnings to us in our segregated asset account moves it to now the fee income from the other banks. So it'll be a couple of million dollar year shift from one item to the other, but in terms of economics to the overall premise about a push.
Paul Reilly: I mean where we'd hoped over the course of the year, remember I said to get us down to that 68% type comp ratio was going to require some revenue help. We'd like to see that as an operating revenues, not special items. And we're starting to see that in some of the divisions. So certainly it was a big improvement from last year's average and trending the right way, but it probably wasn't quite as good as it looked, but we are still hopeful that we can get to that level on a sustainable run rate by the end of the fiscal year.
Paul Reilly: We have talked about this in some of our conferences. We do have cash targets. All that cash that you see in our balance sheet is not ours. A lot of it is client cash at the Bank, for example, that's just not invested yet. We actually have at our corporate about a little over $1 billion that we call free cash. We do have internal targets that are somewhat less than that. We kind of set that as a percent of overall shareholders' equity. So it gravitates up over time. But by those measures, we have some excess cash and capital at this point in time, not huge numbers, but in the couple of hundred million dollars range. And that's kind of what we said publicly.
Paul Reilly: I wouldn't have characterized them as soft, but we play extremely well in certain sectors, the REIT, the downstream energy space. There's number of other spaces, growing technology, healthcare and those markets are all differential depending on who is financing, what deals at what time and what space. So I would say our backlog is good. I think I fell good about what they did in the quarter and I think the backlog looks good in a good market. So when certain sectors hit or certain areas we specialize in and the markets grew, were better. And when other sectors do better, maybe it will take up a few more deals. I thought they did a good job in the quarter and I think the outlook looks good. I would tell you I feel good about the business. And as long as the market is open, I think they're fine. They weren't record, but they were good. And M&A wasn't record, but it was good. And I think the backlog is good. We'll just have to see. And M&A especially is lumpy. So when they lose, you get big fees.
Paul Reilly: Yeah, I'd say first Asset Management is the one that we've highlighted, because they've probably been most active consistently on and they're still interested in deals. As you know, we're highly selective and tend to be long-term. We talked about a number of Private Client Group we'd love to have, but you could count them on one hand and they're probably not for sale. So we tend to be long-term and focused on those kind of deals. And we're not going to buy something just to grow. We get a lot of people that bring stuff to us for size and we just say we're not interested. So we're selective. We've wanted to extend in Canada where we seem to be profitable when the other non-fixed banks are challenged. But again, you got to find the right opportunities at the right price. And we've been more active in looking at the U.K. in M&A and Private Client. But again, that has been successful in marrying up what we're interested in with the opportunities. But we continue to work at it, work on the contacts. And again, we're not transactional-based. We'll continue to look at those deals. And at the right place, the right time, if doesn't, we're not going to buy.
Paul Reilly: We have corporate development function. We have targets. We do have conversations. But again, we're only going to do the right deals at the right price and firms with our culture that fit long-term. And if we could find more Morgan Keegans, we do them, but there's not just a lot out there that fits that way and certainly not of that size.
Paul Reilly: Year-end you tend to have more activity. We also put new grid in for RJA combined Raymond James and Morgan Keegan. And it was tough around the lower end of producers and where we try to continue to upgrade, and you can see it in our productivity. We tend to lose people to lower end. And for economic reasons, they go to firms where lower volumes and they get a little better payouts and what we think is appropriate for our strategy. So that's where you're really seeing the numbers. If I could tell on recruitment, when people join, everyone is almost like an M&A deal. You got to convince them over and then they time it. Sometimes they move so much, they don't come. They generally move out a little bit. So I don't think you're going to see any lumpiness. I think you're going to see a good, steady. From what we can tell on the pipeline and good steady increase in terms of the number of people coming over. So we kind of measure that by pipeline, how many people are we talking to, how many people come into the home office. And I think we can just tell you that those activity levels are all up.
Paul Reilly: I don't have the numbers here. You would expect in Asset Management, they're up 9%. 5% to 6% of that would have been market lift and the rest of net flows. We had very good net flows in that business. An d it just continues, partly as advisors get more into it, Morgan Keegan continues to invest more in our Asset Management business. Our outside businesses are going good. So we get good net flows.
Paul Reilly: Fixed income is tough right now. So you're going to get some margin drag from there. And as I explained a little bit earlier, in the Equity Capital Markets business, I think it's hard with comp ratios to predict what they really should be. So that's kind of a lumpy business. So we kind of estimate them and correct them. As we get through the year-end when we get a better view on volume, so that's some work to do to get those margins up and there might be a little bit of cost. We continue to analyze kind of our total cost in Equity Capital Markets. But they're doing well. They're positioned well. So I think you'll see an improvement. Again, in that business, the Capital Markets business, it's hard to get a trend off of one quarter.
Paul Reilly: Thank you. I would like to make one further comment before we get off the call. First, thanks to all for joining. The other one is really to thank Chet Helck. Chet has been invaluable in growing our Private Client Group business. He was an innovator in RJF. He took over and ran that and has jointly overseen our Private Client Group business and we had great growth, great advisors joined us under his leadership. And he has proactively put succession in place a couple of years ago with Scott for doing a great job. And I have seen too many people for a couple of years to hang on. So he says you got the team in place and I want to go on and enjoy life a little bit. So I appreciate him for his leadership, his development and promotion of people internally. Part of all of our jobs is to make sure that organization succeeds well beyond as we bring succession in. So he's been invaluable. We'll miss him. He's left a great legacy here and just wanted to thank him and let you all know that the Private Client Group is in great hands. So with that, thank you all for joining and hope it warms up there for you in the Northeast by our next quarterly call and certainly by the Super Bowl, because I'll be up there next weekend. So warm it up.
Jeff Julien: And when recruiting, we're also reinvigorating the training effort in the firm, partially in response to some of the succession planning for ageing financial advisors, but also we've had some success with that in prior years and it was a good time to get that going again.
Jeff Julien: In the past, Joel, we have guided in the $12 million to $15 million, I think, per quarter in trading profits. I don't necessarily think we would change that guidance going forward. This past quarter, we had some additional help from some emerging markets trading. They all were going in the right direction this time on top of the majority of it, which was provided by fixed income.
Jeff Julien: Well, it's something as we've grown, we've had share count growth. A lot of people have asked us about capital. We like to deploy the capital in the growth areas in the business. And we're consistently looking over opportunities, but we're conservative and we're so analyzing kind of what the options are there. So I'd say you're going to continue unless we do something differently to see a little bit of dilution in the share count. We'll look at opportunities to deploy capital and when we determine we have excess capital, what we'll do with this.
Jeff Julien: And further to your question of resource allocation, we're running that business on about half the inventory levels as we were running it at the peak in these, kind of averaging between $500 million to $600 million in total outstanding, where it was well over $1 billion at its peak before we further streamlined that. It's not using as much capital in that regard.
Jeff Julien: When you look at our client base and their mix of investments, it has shifted a little bit toward equities, but we attribute most of that to appreciation and portfolios, not actual money movements.
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We've got some RSU amortization, but most of those were three year, not two year. But we've got some management. So it's really what ties some of the guaranteed payouts and things we're using in place of RSUs. I want to say it amounts to on an annualized about $4 million or so. I remember the number that was given to us by fixed income.
Jeff Julien: In three years, it'll be a bigger number. It's running about $6 million to $7 million a year right now in the RSU amortization.
Jeff Julien: Yeah. We're not seeing a lot of movement in balances. But we have to look at jointly with securities base lending at the Bank, because that's kind of an alternative with sort of a lot of the same purposes. On a combined basis, they're certainly growing. But SPL at the Bank is growing faster than traditional margin lending at the brokers firm. The reason that the net interest earnings were up a little bit over the last quarter in the Private Client Group segment was we talked last quarter about a number of fee changes that were being implemented around the firm that would lead to some increased revenues this year kind of being phased in over the course of the year. But one of the changes that went in on October 1 was a change in our margin schedule. And that did have some immediate impact to the tune of $1.5 million to $2 million per quarter, which did show up in this first quarter in the Private Client Group net interest spread. Some of the other fees will hit some of the other line items over the course of the year as they are phased in January and April.
Jeff Julien: You make it sound a little more passive than it is. It used to be outside of Asset Management. They just react to deals that were shown to us. But we do have a proactive effort now in addition to the ongoing effort in Asset Management to look at potential targets in all of our spaces.
