Paul Shoukry: We're still targeting the $1 billion of repurchases for fiscal 2023, as we've said several times now. And so that obviously means we would have to ratchet that up on an average basis going forward to get to that $1 billion mark.  There was a lot of volatility in this particular quarter. And then as you point out, there's always a blackout period. So we were pleased to get $136 million in. But understand that to hit our target going forward, we're going to have to kind of increase that average.  But with that being said, we're still going to -- a lot can change between now and the end of the fiscal year, so we do monitor market conditions and all the sources and uses that we have for cash and capital at the firm. 
Paul Shoukry: Sec lending was not a driver. Really, it was just the higher yields on both the segregated assets pursuant to the broker-dealer regulations as well as the higher yields on the margin balances. But I will point out going forward, sort of the "last in, first out" type of cash is really the Client Interest Program cash, and that has declined the most dramatically during this cash sorting cycle. And so we're probably at around $3 billion to $4 billion of those balances today versus sort of the average balance for the quarter of $6 billion. So that would be something you would need to consider, which would partially be offset by the higher rates going forward as well, factoring in a full quarter of last quarter's rate hikes and potential rate hikes this quarter, but something that you would need to factor into your modeling. 
Paul Shoukry: I think the true answer is no one really knows. We -- that 5% number was based on that 2016 to '19 period. So we don't have a lot of -- as an industry, a lot of great historical benchmarking because, of course, even in that 2016 to '19 period, the Fed funds target topped out at 2.5%. And so arguably, client sensitivity around rate is heightened when you're at today's Fed fund target rate and the yields that you can earn on your investable cash balances.  So 5% is good, I guess, as any, but we're certainly not hanging our hat on that potentially being a 4%, which is why, as Paul says, we are looking at all the diversified sources of funding that we can offer our clients, that would be attractive to our clients and also gives us additional appreciation of the TriState Capital franchise because they have an independent and diversified funding source as well. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. The biggest constraint on that is just sort of the percentage of BDP sweep deposits that we want in our own bank because we always wanted there to be a cushion of balances that are swept to third-party banks and case balances, as Paul said, do decline more rapidly than we expect. So that's really kind of the governing factor. It's roughly at 75% today in terms of the amount of the BDP sweep cash that is going to our own banks. Maybe it will go a little bit higher than that. I mean of the $14 billion to $15 billion of cash with third-party banks, today, a good portion of that could be swapped over to our own bank while still preserving clients' FDIC insurance that we offer them, which is best-in-class in the industry, by the way, as far as we can tell. But we also want to make sure we're being prudent and not exposing ourselves to funding risk by shifting too much over. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. So the growth -- ultimately, the growth in the bank is driven by client demand, right? And so as Paul said in his prepared remarks, that client demand is experiencing headwinds now that interest rates are on the move, as you would expect. Until they get used to the new normal of interest rates, we expect those headwinds to continue. But one thing we will not do is when client demand does slow down naturally given the rate environment today, we're not going to stretch for growth or get into asset classes that are not really client-oriented.  With that being said, in terms of the funding, we always want to prepare for the future. One quarter is certainly not a trend. And so we want to be there for our clients, whether it's a year to 2 to 5 years out from now. And so we want to make sure that we're diversifying our -- and strengthening our funding sources so that we have the ample funding for when client demand does come back. Because we know it will eventually come back, we just don't know when or how quickly it will be. So that's sort of how we think about the strategy, it's a long-term strategy versus trying to manage it quarter-to-quarter. 
Paul Shoukry: Again, right now, in a tighter funding environment and more uncertain funding environment, we are certainly prioritizing client demand and client funding needs over the securities portfolio just like we prioritize the security portfolio when we needed to accommodate surplus client cash balances. Again, our balance sheet is primarily there for clients. And that's how we -- that's kind of -- a difference between how we think about our balance sheet and many of our peers is that we really do think about the client demand, both on the asset and on the funding side.  So yes, in terms of the loan growth going forward, as Paul says, we really don't know what it's going to be. What we're not going to do is force our stretch for growth, but we will continue to provide -- have our advisers provide excellent advice for their clients. And to the extent that they need mortgages or securities-based loans or our corporate clients reengage in M&A and they need financing, then we want to be there for them. 
Paul Shoukry: Obviously, there's, Jim, a lot of variables that kind of go into that. But as we look into our fiscal second quarter, I mean, we're entering in with a spot rate of 3.5% for the bank's NIM -- for the Bank segment. And so that's before any additional benefit from further rate hikes potentially. And so -- and we have grown the bank's portfolio of 2%. Their assets have grown 2% sequentially.  So net-net, when you sort of think about the fact that there's 2 fewer days in the second quarter than the first quarter, we still believe we will be able to grow net interest income overall in the second quarter. And that may -- that will likely be offset by a decline -- partially offset by a decline in the BDP fees just because the balances are down. Probably, the average balances sequentially will probably be down 20% to 25% as we've put up a greater proportion of the funds to the Bank segment. But again, we'll have a higher spread on those balances. We're entering in with a spot rate of 3.2% versus the average yield that we earned during the quarter -- first quarter of 2.7%. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes. Jim, I would tell you that the first quarter comparisons to the fourth quarter are always a little bit noisy just because in the fourth quarter, we're always trying to adjust the bonus and benefit accruals to reflect the actual results for the fiscal year, and then we sort of reset those accruals in the first quarter. So I think last year at this time, it was like an 11% increase in PCG admin comp as an example. . So there's some -- there's a lot of noise comparing the sequential -- year-over-year, of course, we have acquisitions. We have the Charles Stanley acquisition for the full quarter this year in PCG as well as just kind of overall growth of the business in the PCG business.  With that being said, in the second quarter, we do have the impact of the payroll tax reset as we enter the beginning of the calendar year. And then we also will see the impact of the salary increases that have become effective on January 1. And those salary increases this year were significant. As we always have done, we always want to share in the success of the firm with our associates who make that success possible. And particularly in this inflationary environment, given our record results in the fiscal year we did, we were generous in passing on salary increases to our associates. And that will be reflected fully in the second quarter. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we're still having a hard time being exactly right on what the deposit betas are in this up cycle. So certainly, trying to predict what it will be in a different cycle is very difficult to do. It'd be based on the competitive environment and a lot of other dynamics that apply at the time. For example, in the last rate cycle, we had surges and cash balances because it was due to the pandemic. And so when rates were cut, we obviously had a -- did not have a funding need per se. We actually had cash that we had to figure out how to place. That may not be the case next time rates decrease.  I don't think you can compare different cycles just because each one is so unique. So most people are sort of guessing that the deposit betas on the way down will be symmetrical to what they've been on the way up. I guess that's a good guess, but we really don't know. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, we actually do provide the line-by-line end-of-period loans in the supplement, so it's kind of buried in there. I know we provide a lot of materials, but there is some more detail there. But you are right, the SBL balances declined sequentially. And that was due to, frankly, a lot of repayments as the interest rates went up dramatically over the last 3 to 6 months on those lines.  And so residential mortgages went up. A lot of that was due to mortgages that were in process even before the quarter. As you know, mortgages take a while to go through the underwriting and closing process. So as we said earlier, we don't know really what the dynamic is going to look like going forward. It's going to be based on client demand.  We do expect until the rates settle out and clients get used to whatever the new norm is, we do expect headwinds for growth across all loan categories, both floating and fixed really, because the fixed coupons are up as well, although we don't do much in the way of fixed. But certainly, mortgages is a category that -- borrowers are still getting used to 5.5% to 6.5% across the industry when it was just 3% to 3.5% 1.5 years ago. So it is a pretty dramatic change in a pretty short period of time. 
Paul Shoukry: Yes, so to your point, Brennan, we are kind of continuing to let the securities portfolio run off. A lot of that growth over the last 2 years is really accommodating client cash balances on the balance sheet. And so we really built that up well beyond our liquidity targets at Raymond James Bank.  So the answer is really kind of all of the above when it comes to funding. We're doing that. We're also, as Paul said, making sure that we're prepared on many other fronts when it comes to funding. The enhanced yield savings, we're starting with a relatively small amount relative to our overall funding needs. But the point that Paul was bringing up is that we just want to make sure that we have all of these sources turned on and make sure that they're working, so we understand what the ability -- capabilities are, the demand is, et cetera. We learn from it. And then to the extent that we need to drive more balances through various levers, then we have the ability to do that. But it's hard to do that if you don't have it even turned on. 
Paul Shoukry: The only thing -- only other thing I would add is there's so much concern around mix shift as they -- understandably so, but it's not like the cash isn't moving. We have the best purchase money market fund platform in the industry, as far as I can tell. It's institutional share classes offered to any size client. And so it's not like the cash is moving to other higher-yielding destinations as it should, and the financial advisers help their clients with those type of decisions.  So to the extent that we can offer an attractive product on balance sheet that meets -- meet clients' needs, some are still concerned about money market funds, frankly, because they didn't perform very well in the last couple of cycles. So we have to offer an FDIC-insured product, which keeps the funding on the balance sheet and actually earns a better spread than if it goes into some of those other products, it could be a win-win. So that's kind of how we're looking at it as well. 
Paul Shoukry: No, because it really, frankly, depends on the levers that we pull, right? We have levers around the rate we offer, the size or the count that we limit it to, the size of the deposit, et cetera. So as Paul said, most of our competitors have already come out with it and had to be aggressive because in the last couple of years, they deployed almost all of their deposits to fund balance sheet growth.  We always said, and we took a lot of criticism for it a year or so ago, that we wanted to keep that cash very flexible. And so we don't have the same acute pressures on funding that they have had over the past 6 months. And so we're able to be more deliberate in sort of figuring out the right balance for clients and for the firm. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. If you look at -- I think almost everyone has offered enhanced yield programs today that are not new. We just haven't had a need for them because of the amount of the client cash we've had. And as that dwindles more and just even as a defensive mechanism, we will offer them. And that's the account. Whether people have people and money markets and on an insured product, which we have, or if people are thinking of moving their money, they have a competitive yield without moving their money into sweeps -- I mean, into money markets or fixed income products or things. So that's really a number of firms in the industry primarily than relying on that. We haven't because of the cost of funds. But as we've had it -- we're reaching an area where we've always said, "If we get to this area, we'll offer some of those products." The competitive rates in today's market are probably between 3.75% and 4%. Some -- to cut some outliers on either side, but that's the cost and what our competitors have been doing and to the point that we're going to make sure we're always on the positive side the cash.  Good news is even at those much higher rates, we can still earn a spread. And also since we really have all low-yield deposits and almost virtually 0 high-cost deposits, adding some will just be -- it won't be as big of an impact on our cost of funds as most places have significant deposits today. 
Paul Reilly: Thank you. I mean for years, everybody said, "Well, we hear it's competitive." It's been competitive a long time. It continues to be competitive. I would say that the competitive environment is about the same. I said the only thing new in the last year is there are some third-party RIA aggregators that have paid more than the other firms competing for people in the adviser space. But we are at a very strong backlog.  Last year, our employee division led the way and set its own record. And our independent division was a little slower in this first quarter. The independent's recruiting faster and the employee, a little slower, I mean, through one quarter, but what we see is the backlog, very, very strong in both divisions, very large teams. So we still feel good about the recruiting. And it's -- if you just look at the last few years, I think we've been right up at the top of the charts on net new assets and recruiting. 
Paul Reilly: I don't think we tried to figure out what the bottoms are when we acquired -- when TriState joined us, and we talked about diversified funding, I think a lot of people said, "Well, why are you even bringing that up? You've got record cash deposits." Well, we always anticipate these time frames. And just in 2019, where we started -- ready to roll out some higher-yielding products because no one wanted cash, all of a sudden, we got flooded with cash again overnight. So we know these dynamics can change, and change rapidly.  And so cash sorting as reported, it's continued. Whether 5% at the bottom or it goes a little lower, I don't know. A lot of the lower balance deposits, which are significant, have been very, very steady. So at some point, the higher deposits probably find a home where it's material enough at today's rates to make a difference on the lower -- just like bank accounts, it's not enough to make a change. So we're just -- we always prepare and fear the worst. But generally -- because you just don't know. So I wish -- I hope 5% is the bottom, but we'll see. And we'll be prepared if it wasn't. 
Paul Reilly: Yes. We have plenty of capital and liquidity. So our first source is to fund the banks, that's our business. And then to the extent, the sweep is really a cash overflow in a lot of ways, but a good part of our business model. So right now, we're not alarmed. We still have flexibility. But at some point, we've known people that have gone up to 90% of cash or something. We just -- that's a little to leverage for us. 
Paul Reilly: I think in terms of the amount, it's we don't know. So what you do is you turn on the program, start raising money, and you can always accelerate it by letting more clients know, pushing it more, changing the rate in the competitive market. I mean you have lots of levers to speed it up. You certainly can slow it down or you can stop it. So -- but you can't do any of those unless you start it.  So we have the technology up and running. We've got it tested. And now we're going to go out and open it up to a degree. And if we need it more, we'll spread it out to a broader base of the adviser segments. And if it ends up being more than we need and we see cash goes the other way, we'll slow it down or turn it off.  So it's about being prepared. It's the same in TriState, has third-party sources, too. And we said, just prepare to turn them on, make sure they're there, get interest. And then if we need them, we could be more aggressive. If we don't, we can just stop. So it's just a balance.  If we know how much cash we need -- yes, if we know how much cash we need, we'd tell you. We know how much we have to raise, but we're -- we always assume we can run models and speculate, but we -- the truth is we really don't know, so we just need to be able to react to it. 
Paul Reilly: So yes, let me go backwards into the question. And first, we like organic growth the best. It's been our focus because it's sustained, it's large, consistent, net new assets. Even when we're not doing acquisitions in the PCG space, we're still growing. And -- but we like acquisitions for the right targets, and we can't tell if and when those would happen. I think in the last few years, people doubted if we were serious, and then we closed 3 deals pretty quickly.  So our goals right now in our balance sheet, we gave a Tier 1 target of 10%. We're still at that target. It's gone up faster. Good news is part of that is earnings. But the other reason is just really the shrinking of the corporate balance sheet, too. As cash has come up the balance sheet, that ratio went up without really a lot of changes.  We're still committed to it. We're committed to the $1 billion target, as Paul mentioned in his remarks, that we wanted to do the $1 billion this year. We got partially there this quarter, and we know we have to get more aggressive to hit that, but we're -- that's our plans.  In terms of other capital, we'll always say if the great -- a great acquisition showed up tomorrow and it required a lot of capital, would we use it instead of buybacks? Possibly. Is this accretive? Advantaged? Don't have one, so I don't -- theoretical question. But if it did, we'll always balance what's the best use of the capital. But our plans right now is to focus on our commitment to hit that $1 billion target. 
Paul Reilly: I think also is we'd have to really hustle on raising high-cost deposits, which could be significant enough to have a huge impact on that number in the shorter term. But obviously, if the cash dynamic and sorting continues, that will start impacting as we raise. So we'll just have to see how that goes. 
Paul Reilly: I don't know of other institutions that don't have CDs, enhanced wealth. They've been aggressively raising money. Because of our floating rate balance sheet and our unusually high liquidity in -- both on our balance sheet and client cash, we haven't had to, and that's been part of what's driven a lot of the earnings. So -- but we could assume that we'll have enough and it'll last forever or we can start the programs in case they continue to run off more than the industry expects, and we'll still be well funded. So the reason we're starting it is just in case. And if we need more, we'll accelerate it.  So it wouldn't be prudent to wait until all of a sudden, we really need it, and we don't have any of the programs in place. Most -- there's many other firms that have needed it, and they've been very aggressive because they didn't have that flexibility. We've had the flexibility. But we're certainly going to -- as we always, we look to the long term, and we're going to have it in place and ready to go. And the only way you know you have it in place is when you're executing it and actually collecting deposits and everything is working well. And then you dial it up or you dial it back if you need it, so... 
Paul Reilly: Yes, so I mean the Capital Markets have been difficult for everyone. And the -- part of -- there's a couple of factors. One, it didn't have a good quarter. But secondly, compared to a lot of other firms, we don't have any unallocated overhead. So there are other firms that certainly had lower results, but every penny of overhead is allocated to a segment, so you see a fully loaded P&L, and it's not the case in a lot of other firms, who if they had, might have a little bit of a different answer or a closer answer.  It was an off quarter due to, first, both M&A, and we all know what's happening with that slowdown and with underwriting. And the fixed income business -- again, we talked about the cash dynamic at third-party banks. So it was challenging. So we'll do what we always do.  First, we have a very variable comp structure that our bonuses -- our basis, although we raised them, are still lower than a lot of places. And we -- as we did 2 years ago, right, we took big pay cuts. You could see them even through the executives the year before this year. So we have a variable comp structure that will take care of that, and then we'll have to just look at the business and make whatever adjustments in those businesses we have to.  The good news is corporately, we're actually -- we've been very conservative. Although we've hired a lot of people, we have a lot of open positions, and we're just being less aggressive with hiring and making sure we keep the people we need through these cycles. So we don't go in like the tech companies, way overloaded. And I think in Capital Markets, they're just going to have to look at what businesses are there and what support they need to make those decisions. So I don't -- but certainly, we don't plan any sizable layoff programs that you've read in other firms. 
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, thank you very much. Thanks for joining us. And again, just overall, I don't think too many people are showing record net income to shareholders this quarter, but I think it's a testament to the model and -- but there's a lot of uncertainties going forward. We all know it. We all knew the questions you'd ask, and we're committed on the capital repurchases, with the only contingency if something comes up that we think can drive more shareholder value.  And on the cash and cash sorting, good questions. We could run models and give you answers based on them, but our experiences, they all vary from that. So we just -- we're going to raise as much cash as we need to support the business and not raise it if we don't need it. And so far, that served us well. So appreciate you joining the call and talk soon. 
