Paul C. Reilly: I think, Joel, you're going to see a drag. The Morgan Keegan margin were slightly lower, if you really look at effective payout, it's going to take time to get them up, our payouts. We went to a kind of a new grid we announced, which was really neutral, so we're not going to really get any pickup there. So we expect them to improve, but I think being back to 9 would be very difficult short-term. We also have -- the other impact was the amortization of the retention bonuses for Morgan Keegan which impacts that line. So a lot of money being run through on the amortization of retention impacts that ratio also.
Paul C. Reilly: So the noise you're going to get every quarter is -- our reserving, is pretty consistent for grades. But as loans pay off, whatever reserves we have, we have to release them, and it's this thing that make it move around in quarters.
Paul C. Reilly: December was a little on the institutional side because of the syndicate. I mean, they were slightly elevated because of there's a lot of the syndicate business. In January, I don't think is --  has been a bad month so far either, but I think it got a little elevation from the Equity Capital Markets business. But you're down in the fixed income business, I think will -- it'd pick back up. So I don't see anything -- I can't -- I haven't looked close enough at the January numbers to tell you where we stand.
Paul C. Reilly: We can see it coming down, but I don't know mid-60s, if you mean 65%, if that's mid, then it's no. We can get improvements, and the -- but there's only so much you're going to get out of operational and overhead synergies. If you can get improvements, it's going to be have to be in payouts, and you're not going to see reduction in the Private Client Group are really payouts overall. We're looking at a number of things, including our client net pay pricing. We're studying it right now. We're doing other things that could impact margins. We've said we're looking at the Equity Capital Markets, we're operating heavy there, and there'll be some. But with the independent contractor division being 2/3 of the PCG, you're not going to get it down that low.
Paul C. Reilly: No. We see -- I think that our investors' sentiment and our sentiment -- investor sentiment survey is up. We haven't seen a massive move to equities. I know a lot of the funds are showing big inflows. I think we've been more with our investors, we try to keep them engaged, maybe they've been a little more engaged in other places. So I haven't seen a big movement yet. But having said that, the commission levels in January have been pretty good so far. I'm a little bit behind in terms probably up to today. But I mean, I can't say we've seen a huge flood into equity since the beginning of the year.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. My -- I think that's where we are. And I know that CEOs, as a breed, aren't patient and I have an expression that patience is a waste of time. And so we look at that expenses and want to get at them. But I think our strategy from the very beginning was focused on retention and to let operating expenses run at a level that support the integration. So we're committed to get them out. We can't zero on them yet because frankly, we're focused on flipping the switch in mid-February and getting the integration done and making sure that goes as smoothly as possible. All of our testing shows it's going very well. But it won't go perfect, it never does us. But we anticipate it will go well. Like any new systems, we have almost 500 advisors on a totally new system on a day. We're going to have operational support just because they're not used to the system. Doesn't matter where they came from with their own people, we would have that. So we're going to be running elevated for a while, and we think there's savings there. And I know you guys want a harder quantification. We think we've gotten half and we'll get half more, but to pinpoint it, we can't yet but we're very focused on it. And after the integration, as we get through this second quarter, I think in the third quarter, we'll be doing a lot of work to position ourselves to do that.
Paul C. Reilly: Well, that's kind of a crystal ball question. So we're either overstaffed or the markets aren't performing enough. But one or the other. So it's a measure of potential. It's very, very hard. Certainly, in a robust market, we would -- we have a lot of upside. Now the question is, "Do we really think the markets are going to turn that quickly?" So I think we've seen some improvement. Our view is December was an extremely, unusually good quarter. Almost. And that business will be better and we predict the business will be better than last year in our budgeting process. Having said that, I think we've got some cost capacity issues and we're going to have an improving market. So hopefully, over the year, will get pickups in both. But you tell me how good the market is and I can tell you how well we'll do. We're certainly impacting upside if we get a functioning equity capital markets business. But I don't see any vast improvements short-term.
Paul C. Reilly: No. I think there's 2 pieces. One is in our view we haven't pushed it out, so we've been on a schedule. I think people have always taught that we're being very conservative and people think we're going to be doing it quicker. We've been pretty consistent that through this integration process, we're going to run elevated. I think people thought there'd be more fallout. Maybe we even thought more people would leave on their own, they've stayed the course. And so, our view still is that through -- certainly the second quarter and into the third quarter, we'll be running on those levels. And then we will get at them the third quarter and fourth quarter, my guess is we will get a lot out by the fourth quarter. It may not be fully reflected until the first quarter of next year in the normal run rate. Maybe in the fourth quarter will be some of it will be reflected. So somewhere in there, but our commitment is to get the synergies out this fiscal year. I just can't tell you which quarter they're going to hit. Some of those are the efficiencies, what I call the synergies, you get over time. And I do believe either getting the Morgan Keegan advisors and the PCG side more productive, synergies and kind of cross-selling the business. The good news is, I think, we've gotten a lot of people in the other businesses a little more focused on the marketplace. One of the risks in any combination as you get a little internally focused and hopefully, we'll get a lot more of that when we get through the systems conversion and the last adjustment in the op and tech part of the business. But I think that will focus in the next year. So net-net, I think it's still a great a combination. It gives us great market position, a great platform. And it's just going to take us this year to get it done.
Paul C. Reilly: They're -- the 2 assets. First, I hope they're right, and this is a record M&A year. Part of this business, too, especially when you're a research-based firm is you have a big fixed cost called research. And you are paying that whether it's over the desk commissions, whether it's underwritings or its M&A. So if you look at M&A as a pure business because it's less research-oriented or the payouts maybe a little more advantageous at some more profitable business. But if revenue goes down in one area and goes up in the other, you still have your fixed cost recover. So if you say a switching of the business from revenue, I don't think helps us a lot of. A pickup in M&A would be very, very helpful to us. So the commission payouts for salespeople are lower than M&A payouts for bankers. But we don't expect the over the desk trend of decreasing although it was up this quarter over the last year, we don't think that declining trend or over the desk commissions has been one for a while now for years. And we don't see it looming back up. But if that loomed up, our payouts are lower in that area than in some other areas. So it depends on the mix.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We're looking, I'd say we believe there's some structural changes in that business. If you look what's happening to over desk commissions, our people are paying you for research but we do have to make changes, whether there are a number of people or in payout. So we are still looking. Certainly, we were so busy in December, we didn't do anything but execute, and I -- and that's the better answer. But there are still some structural cost side that we have to achieve, even in -- if markets continue to be good, we've got to make some changes and we are still working on that.
Paul C. Reilly: Thanks, Hugh. Though it's just a study done, I forgot who it was by, of financial advisor satisfaction and that's when Edward Jones really ranked high and if you look relatively, one of the wire houses had pretty good scores. The other 2, I believe the study said 20% or plus of their FAs yet the numbers has been expected to be there within 2 years. So I wouldn't call that high satisfaction. And a lot of that was driven by premerger and I can tell you by the visits here that the biggest question most people have is that we aren't given -- getting rid of all this front money and being in a place I like to work versus being trapped at a place where I'm at for money. I mean, so, I would not call satisfaction at number of the big firms high. In fact, the survey shows just the opposite. So we continue to get 2 strong pipelines from especially 2 other firms and brokers that are very unhappy in the environment they're in. Took checks, don't like the environment, and they're looking to make the change. So now people take their time, they don't always come when they look, but our backlog of home office visits and the high-traffic volume indicates very positive momentum for us.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. I think that if you're going to look and say how many clients will be there in a few years, I think, there -- yes, there's 2 firms I think we're getting strong pipeline from. So, particularly -- so -- but we're getting -- and honestly, I think a few other things have happened for us is that the Morgan Keegan acquisition I feared would might scare people off. It's increased interest. We've rolled out some new things on our independent platforms and models and pricing that just -- which is -- got a lot of interest. And our technology news is really getting out now. We've mobilized a lot of our apps. We have advisor technology or advisor platform. And our client platform are looking at very strong reviews. And I think people will get surprised when they see us. So part of our issue is to get advisors to see what's really here. I don't think a lot of them even know what's available, and when we get them in the door, which is the test, they're very, very positively surprised. And honestly, there's only a handful of firms left that have what I call that original broker/dealer culture but the financial advisors. And I'm not saying it's good or bad, it's just different. We offer a different environment. A lot of people grew up in the environment we offer, and when they come in see that they can get paid reasonably well and competitively. They can get leading technology. They can get the culture. We get a lot of interest. So usually, we find them, we get them in the door, we get pretty good success rate. We just got to keep getting them in the door.
Paul C. Reilly: We modeled it to be neutral. And part of it was to get the Morgan Keegan integration then we're on a different grid than we were. And though the view was just to make it simple, very transparent. And I think we have to see over time if it causes a movement in product. We can always change pricing or change the grid if there's adverse effect. We're very clear to our advisors, 2 things. That most people announced in December there's a new grid in January. We announced in January that it was effective October 1. So we give a lot of notice, we don't want to surprise advisors. And then we're very open about changes. We change it very seldomly but we tell advisors that for it to be fair -- that's to be fair to clients first, then it has to be good for them and for our shareholders. And we're very open in the communication. So -- but we modeled it to be neutral.
Paul C. Reilly: We -- first, we've had great retention. We've got good leadership during that Howe Barnes acquisition. It's a -- very happy with position of the client space. We're really happy as the markets stinks. I mean, bank acquisitions has not been robust. Recapitalization of prices, last year I think surprised everybody that the market just went silent. So it's picked up some. We believe there'll be consolidation will pick up so we like the people, we like the positioning. But if you look at that isolated financially since the acquisition, it wasn't the best of timing just from a pure financial standpoint. But we've got very good bankers, very good people and when that market picks up, we think we'll realize that investment.
Paul C. Reilly: I think you're starting to see some movement but whether to say it's robust or not, I can't tell you. It's going to come, I don't know when.
Paul C. Reilly: I think that the key thing to remember is that the reserves are loans specific. You would say it's bad news when you get the criticized loan to pay off, it's good news, too. But the problem is you have to release that reserve and there's no choice. So we don't do general reserve releases when loans pay off. You have to release that specific reserve.
Paul C. Reilly: They are if you look at their productivity, it's about 15%, 14% lower than our employee productivity. And a lot of that is the percentage of fee-based models. And we think over time, they will move there. Now we don't tell advisors they have to use our product or they have to use the platform. So we go through both education which they are already attending on the products and on management of portfolio. And yes, over time, we think that my guess is they will move up there, because they'll see it's good for them or it's good for their clients. And so, we believe we'll get the room on those advisors, that they will catch up. But that's not overnight, that's over a year or 2, we think they'll -- we all get there.
Paul C. Reilly: Actually in some cases, it's less profitable. If you get somebody that has a new issue oriented or pretty heavy trading volume, that's probably the most profitable, especially when you add margin to the overall complexion of the analysis. The philosophy behind fee-based for us early on is to put the advisor in the same basis as the client as their comp and their success went up and down with the client. So it wasn't really driven by profit. And we're a short over a cycle, which relates much more philosophy in putting the client first. Having said that, the steady markets means a steady income for the advisor. But as Tom pointed out, that as someone is the -- you have a client that would like to trade a lot you have a lot of activity that can generate a lot of commission revenue. So, and we wanted to avoid that kind of mindset, too, where people are focused on trading versus advising. So a lot of that drive in the early adoption with the philosophical adoption.
Paul C. Reilly: Assets that you can actually handle. And you can find a lot of our financial advisors with $0.25 billion assets now with a small team of support. And that's happened because of the asset management services platform that we have, and you were quite what correct in pointing out that over time, because of the support we give people not in putting individual investments, but in teaching them how to use professional management has a levering capability to build their annuity business. You will see over extended period of time that they will adopt it just because it's easier for them and better for the client as Paul said.
Paul C. Reilly: That's correct. We're just waiting for them to go up. But we're so -- and as the government get to the interest rate management business, we think we will see some benefit.
Paul C. Reilly: We measure it consistently, and it is a record and this will continue to go up. So I think it is a reflection of more productivity for advisors.
Paul C. Reilly: Great. Well, we appreciate everyone joining the call. Again, we're still committed to the integration. I know people are really trying to focus on the synergies to get the numbers are. We're focus on the conversion, retaining advisors. And the synergies, the cost efficiencies will come. But again, I would tell you that they will be late in the year which is probably our target unless we have a perfect conversion. But I haven't seen one of those yet. But we're -- we feel like it'll go very, very well. So thank you for your time, and we'll talk to you next quarter.
Steven M. Raney: Hey, Joel. It's Steve Raney, good morning. Yes, it's really loan-specific, there's not really a target per se. Each loan is rated -- one of our -- each one of our corporate loans is rated individually. We've been pretty aggressive at taking actions against loans that early on we perceived to be potentially problematic. Even this quarter, we sold loans, a couple of loans, a couple of positions that closed to par when we had rather significant reserves much more so than what we were able to sell the loan at. So we're trying to be as proactive on that as possible. But -- and as we're booking loans, as we've shared with you, in general, we're adding about 150 to 160 basis points of the new loans on the corporate side, it's a lower amount on the residential, and our securities-based loans are lower than that even. So it's really constructed at the loan level, and there's not really a set target per se. We are comfortable with where we stand in terms of our total allowance to non-accrual loans, non-performing loans relative to our peer group and other institutions that we look at. So...
Steven M. Raney: We actually added $0.5 million to our allowance. But on a percentage basis, it did come down 9 basis points in terms of allowance to total loans.
Steven M. Raney: Yes. Alex, related to the loan growth, it was across all of our loan classifications, but the bulk of it was in our corporate area. The December quarter we enjoyed some pretty robust opportunities in the marketplace, both in the primary market and also we added some positions in the secondary market. I would say that we're seeing -- those opportunities have kind of waned a little bit this quarter. We've seen continued pressure on margins and also structure. So I would not anticipate our loan growth to meet that close to 5 -- close to -- actually it was over 5% for the quarter. I would not anticipate that for the next few quarters. Although, we're growing at a slower rate, I would anticipate over  the next couple of quarters. Related to our revenue number, there was a couple of things that impacted our net revenues. Our -- we have a bank on life insurance policy that is about a $65 million investment that had about an $800,000 swing, a negative swing between the December quarter and the September quarter. And also, while the vast majority of our Canadian loans are in our Canadian enterprise that are hedged against the Canadian currency, we do have some legacy Canadian denominated loans in the bank itself that are unhedged, and that had about a $2.5 million impact negatively between the December and the September quarter. So those 2 things in combination with the slightly lower net interest margin contributed to the reduction in our net revenues for the December quarter. In terms of our NIM going forward, I know Jeff alluded to this, we are seeing some pressure. I would anticipate, although it really hung in there this last quarter, it only came down 3 basis points. I think over the next few quarters, you're going to continue to see some slight reduction, maybe over the next 12 months, a reduction by as much as 10 basis points or so on a run-rate basis.
Steven M. Raney: Good morning, Doug. Yes, that's absolutely a possibility. We can have a situation where you have no loan growth at all and we can -- we do have and then we disclose what our criticized asset levels are and then have higher reserves. Obviously than our pass-rated loans. You could have continued improvement in credit that would cause us to release reserves. And you can have a situation where, for whatever reason, in that quarter your charge-offs also exceeded your provisioning. So that can happen.
Steven M. Raney: That -- no, that is correct. That's right. I would say probably -- just if you isolated just the loan growth itself, our provision expense is probably $2.5 million or virtually all of what -- a big chunk of what our actual provisioning was related to loan growth. Now behind that, there was a lot of noise, upgrades, downgrades, sales of criticized loans and the likes. So...
Steven M. Raney: Well, we had $2.5 million in all categories of just loan growth. I mean, it was not just incorporated. So...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I guess, we had to have a target for the allowance to loans that the -- having no classified loans of any kind, and having 150 basis points of commercial and whatever we have on resi now.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We have set slightly higher fee billings than we did October 1 for the quarterly stuff, despite that's down 1% S&P 500 market and the December quarter.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes, I think that there's 2 pieces. One, we have elevated technology for improvements, and -- but there is certainly elevated technology costs for integration. And honestly, we are pretty conservative on what we call acquisition-related. And I think until it all settles out, you can't really get a good number. We've given you $60 million to $80 million target, we think we've gotten half, although we think there's another half. A lot of that is in ops and tech. Then, we're just going to have to wait till we settle through. But our technology spend is up, it's not sustainable at the level we have out, but -- because of the integration expenses. But it is up from prior, and will continue to be, as we look to actually strategically position our technology as a leader, which I think we're getting good results so far.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Yes. That's the majority debt of what we've realized has been in the Capital Markets area where we've combined the departments. As an example, on equity capital markets, hopefully your retaining most of the revenue-producing individuals. At the same time you're eliminating duplicate research analysts and financial analysts and et cetera. Some of the support level people, so both in ECM and fixed income, there's been -- that's where most of the duplicative costs have come out. So the ones that are left are primarily going to be in the PCG support and ops and IT.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You'll find if you try to compare that across, everybody calculates it's just a little bit differently. They include or exclude trainees or people that have only been with them in a short time, et cetera, et cetera. We don't count people until they've been with us for a year so we can hire some significant producers and they won't factor into that number for a year. But that just shows a manifestation of the people that we hired in the past.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Again, it would have to do with that proprietary capital where were we consolidate. That's also why you saw a net deduct from earnings related to noncontrolling interest. It had to do with the consolidation of our merchant banking fund, which had a significant valuation adjustment in the quarter, and some -- the majority of which does not belong to us. Which is why it came out to noncontrolling interest.
