Paul C. Reilly: Okay. Thank you. This is Paul Reilly in Raymond James. I'm going to turn over to Paul Matecki to read our FD disclosure.
Paul C. Reilly: Thank you. So I think you know if you look at the operating statistics, I'm kind of proud of the organization as they've taken on their day job of running their business and the other day job of planning on the integration now well into the integration. It's great to have solid operating results going in. And I think we're starting -- certainly it started the quarter with tailwinds, but it's been an interesting market the last few years. So we're not putting anything in the bank. Jeff read a lot of records off to start with, but I'm sure we'll have records next quarter just because of the combination then the important thing's is going to be how we do on the bottom line in our earnings per share, which as we've said, we didn't expect this transaction to be immediately accretive but believe strategically it will be accretive and very, very strong. I do want to note, as I get into the MK acquisition, net-net, we're ahead on retention and we're behind -- we're doing better on our budget of costs slightly.
Paul C. Reilly: We're going through the process actually now and again, not having -- we're just finishing kind of the opening audit and balance sheet, so that's why there's a little bit of hesitance here on the numbers. They have more of a stock brokerage business than an asset management sized, a little less fee-based. So we just don't want to give you a number that's not totally accurate yet. That's the only hesitation.
Paul C. Reilly: Joel, before you go, let me correct what we said. I gave you the domestic numbers only. When we add Canada and some of the international operations, x total equity institutional commissions are about $56 million, fixed income is $36 million.
Paul C. Reilly: Yes. We've got a strong fee-based billing business. And so as the markets go up, it really drives our commissions more than anything, more than the trading volume. So we've continued to push our advisers for years to be in the fee-based business to be on the side of the clients so in down markets we get downdraft and in up markets, we get updrafts and that's really driving the business and driving the numbers in PCG, as well as our increasing productivity, which is market and asset gathering driven and net recruiting so...
Paul C. Reilly: First, let me talk about the overlap. We had a significant overlap in the Equity Capital Markets business. We knew that going in. I think our coverage overlap was 86% or something. So we knew we had overlap coming in, but essentially, we ended up with more people than we thought, just good professionals and we kept all the good people we could in there. In fixed income, we were actually surprised. Again, still a good number of severed folks, but less overlap and what we want to do is we think that will, through a natural attrition,  fall a little bit. But we're trying to keep people on higher service levels. And assuming that the market -- you know our strategy over time has been to try to keep people in down markets, and we don't waste out and pay a lot to try to hire people in up markets so our focuses tend to -- to the extent we can, is carry them down, as markets are slower and they pick up we get the benefit of it. And it's been a strategy that's paid off well for over 20 years here being public. And I don't see any difference in our strategy right now.
Paul C. Reilly: Absolutely not. I think in the ECM fixed income business so we're not being as aggressive. We're hiring folks as we're still slotting people in because the size of those businesses and our position -- we are looking at spot hiring in those areas. But in the Private Client Group, we are hiring full speed. We find good people that willing to come in. And again, we're not leaders in transition assistance in the industry by a long shot, but we're continuing hiring. In fact, hiring pace has picked up as you can see in the quarter. Our home office visits have picked up, and we were concerned that the acquisition may slow that down but I actually think it's helped that people see that we're investing in the business, where we think we have a different model of being FA centric and with our advisers choice platform and we know we're -- we don't want to slow down in hiring. In fact, even Morgan Keegan is starting to hire again for the first time in a long time for them and now it's been resolved. So we will go with the market and continue to hire any time we can good people. We haven't slowed that down at all in the Private Client Group.
Paul C. Reilly: The dynamic in that there's still big packages out there. The dynamic we've seen are people that have gone through mergers with packages that are wearing down. I just said, it's not the right environment for them. That's not a slam on the other firms, but there's a big difference between the way we operate and some of the larger firms operate in terms of process, financial adviser kind of freedom, the way we serve versus others. And I think that what's happened are people from -- who have served at some of those firms want to go back to an environment they were used to before, some of the consolidation began so that's been the main source of recruiting.
Paul C. Reilly: I think we take the same approach as first after 20 days, we're not declaring any victory so we have an early trend. As we've told you when we did the acquisition, we tried to budget conservatively and do better. So I'm hoping that we do get some cost savings or grow into capacity as we hire and that's been our strategy. That hasn't changed so, I think that there could be further cost savings in terms of percentage of revenue if the market grows or more cost reductions if we're in a flat market we will size it so to fit but our goal right now is to keep all good people and we get a little revenue growth. It's hard to find good people. Our model has been, keep service levels high, and hopefully we grow into the headcount that we have on both sides.
Paul C. Reilly: But our goal is to keep their -- they've got some very, very good people. We want to make sure they have a home to the extent that works out on both sides.
Paul C. Reilly: Devin, I want to be clear, we didn't make any general reserve release. We had releases because loans paid off or paid down in the higher reserves too that it netted out. So this isn't a reserve release, it was a loan by loan result.
Paul C. Reilly: I think just because of the time it occurred with statements and stuff there's increasing -- there's increased mailings. So technology is increasing as the spend, but there is, obviously, from a -- the mailings that come in a quarter, this is where we do get a big jump up and hit. So it's a little bit of both. It's not all there, but it is -- we are continuing to increase our spend in technologies.
Paul C. Reilly: So I can't back out the mailing expense for you right now. But we can -- it's a number we could look at.
Paul C. Reilly: They had -- from what we've seen, they had a good quarter. So they had a very solid quarter, which makes us -- we'd rather -- except outside of paying for the net income, we actually like the fact that their business had a positive momentum also so exactly what the resulting revenue before the retention all settled out it's kind of harder to say but certainly they were doing better as they opened up than they were in December when be projected. And we tried to be conservative on retention and conservative on the revenue to the extent that the run rate is higher and our retention's higher, we should do better. But we'll let you know this quarter. So they do have positive momentum coming in.
Paul C. Reilly: Our efforts continue. It's been very clear. We've been looking systematically at acquisitions and hired firms to help us with lift outs and niche acquisitions focused on the large-cap international spaces and are talking to folks but nothing to announce. So -- but we'll, in our normal Raymond James way be very methodical if we rind the fit, we'll close on it.
Paul C. Reilly: Obviously, we think it will. We treat our -- we treat our --  we have partners in this business. So we have a dialogue and then we've got great relationships with them. Certainly, it hasn't gone unnoticed that our sales forces has increased. We also do some things that we think will put a lift to Morgan Keegan in terms of things we do with some of our partners in the business. So we will see some, we're sure. How much and how significant we don't know yet. But it will be a positive. I don't think it would be a needle mover on it's own. But there are a lot of little pieces that, that we do think it will contribute to this being a good combination.
Paul C. Reilly: Per day basis is even -- I don't have an explanation. The only thing unusual that comes to mind other than we participate heavily on our own offerings.
Paul C. Reilly: There's nothing that happened in March. I mean if -- March and going into April has been an uptrend not a downtrend so...
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Thanks, Paul. I just want to reiterate that we had a whole host of records this quarter. I think that's important to note going into the second half of the year. We had both record gross in net revenues, record Private Client Group revenues, record Private Client Group average productivity, record assets under administration, record assets under management, record bank pretax earnings for the quarter, and although this one's a little bit out there, if you use a non-GAAP section of our release, that's actually a record pretax income number for a quarter for us.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: It's hard for us to really accurately project where we're going to be on these future acquisition-related costs. We had originally projected I think $70 million for the fiscal year. The interest will stop now, so it's going to be just the remaining severance related costs and other integration costs that come up for the rest of the year. And we don't have a great handle on that because it's going to be a continuing, evolving number. But I guess if we had to give you a projection for the rest of the fiscal year it'd probably be in the $40 million range plus the $20 million we've already spent gives us $60 million, which will probably come in a little under the $70 million we originally projected. But that's one of these things kind of swallowed up in Paul's forward-looking comments earlier. Paul Matecki, our counsel.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: You know they've got $70 billion in retail assets that will be coming over. It'll be on our books. It won't be coming over until next year sometime. But of that, I think -- we think the numbers, just in terms of wrapped fee, we should have a better handle on that, I guess, and we do. It's something around $8 billion is the number we've been told. They're going to make sure they pick up outside discretionary as well as our equivalent nondiscretionary to make sure we get the total correct, not near the percentage that we've got, where we've got 1/3 of our client assets in wrapped fee-type arrangements over $90 billion, including discretionary and nondiscretionary. Their number's between 10% and 15%.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: If you look at the commission line in Private Client Group, commission and fee line, more than 60% of it is fee-based, recurring revenues. Fee-based meaning that includes things that are time-based as opposed to transaction-based. As that sort of differentiates us, I think, from some of the other Private Client Group comparables.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Which is higher than we've guided in the past because both we had excess cash balance in the past and then we also didn't have this other portfolio.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: Devin, it's going to be hard to really know what the savings are from rightsizing the support until we actually go through the integration of the Private Client Group next year. That's going to see a lot of support related to that operation. It's just a little hard to tell right now how it's going to look on a combined basis versus how we're handling it today.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: But if you're asking where we have additional pay downs and things, I'm sure we will. But we also, like Steve said, hope to have net growth, which would replace it.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: We've talked about that for the last several calls, I think, Devin. I mean, I think that technology's kind of reached a little bit of a new plateau here for the foreseeable future as we have a number of big initiatives underway, and some of what Paul has mentioned already.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I don't -- I think you misheard that part. Commission revenues were up, I think, sequentially in all of our businesses really.
Jeffrey Paul Julien: I think we told people that we kind of have this 90% kind of retention rate. From the original numbers we said 10% that we would lose and our redundancies and 10% of -- and loss just being unable to hold them. And I would just say the redundancies have been less than we thought and the fallout has been less to date. So obviously, retaining the revenue is the #1 goal and that's why we've gone very deliberate on expenses to keep service levels high and that hasn't changed. So we're ahead of where we thought we'd be. But we've been joined as a family now for 20-some days. So we're not going to declare a victory on the trend. So we're sticking by the estimates. We thought they were conservative when we made them, but time will tell. The other upside is their business is up. So that's obviously helping too. We acquired a business that had much better momentum than when we negotiated the purchase.
Steven M. Raney: Joel, it's Steve. I would anticipate it's growth going forward kind of in the 6% to 7% on an annual basis for the next couple of years. We think that this quarter, growth would be maybe $150 million to $200 million in the loan portfolio. The one item that will be a little unique is, and we don't anticipate it closing this quarter, we anticipate it being in the September quarter but we're working on a plan to purchase the securities face loans from Regions Bank that were referred by Morgan Keegan Financial Advisers. That's about $200 million. So add of that, I think that kind of a good forecast fee to use would be loan growth in the 6% to 7% per year for the next couple of years.
Steven M. Raney: Well really, no. I would say, going forward, I would say, obviously the Canadian portfolio that was acquired this quarter and then we had a very robust quarter in the December quarter. So that was really higher than that forecast I'm giving you going forward. I think you're going to see some more temperate growth going forward kind of in the 6% to 7% range.
Steven M. Raney: Yes, I mean we're trying to grow our residential portfolio as well, which typically has lower reserves on it compared to the corporate portfolio, but I would say that the asset mix going forward, it'll be roughly equal to what the current mix is. It may be slightly more heavily skewed towards corporate, which would have more reserves associated with it.
Steven M. Raney: Yes, Chris, we had one month impact of the Canadian loans, there was some extraordinary pay downs in that portfolio even in the 1 month that we had it, which had an impact. That portfolio has NIM in the 8% range going forward. So that's going to have more impact this quarter because we're going to have the full -- the full impact for the entire quarter. I don't know -- I don't have the number off the top of my head what the NIM would have been, absent Canada. Every quarter we have fee recognition on pay downs and payoffs of loans that can be rather lumpy and can skew the NIM number. I do think that going forward, kind of a 3.50% to 3.60% NIM is kind of a good number to use.
Steven M. Raney: Well it's really been -- when Jeff mentioned that in his comments, those pay downs that impacted provision were loans where we had higher reserves on them, so the NIM on those loans compared to what we're doing on a go forward basis, are approximately equal to one another. So no impact to NIM, but it does have an impact or its impacted us positively over the last few quarters in terms of problem loans, loans that we have higher reserves on paying down, getting good resolution on them, either paying down, restructuring, paying off entirely.
Steven M. Raney: Devin, we already have that hedged. That's a different line item. So the expense associated with the hedging or the impact of the hedging won't be reflected in the NIM. But it will be reflected in other expense items. So you need to factor in approximately around an 8% net interest margin in that portfolio. In terms of reserve releases, our bias is not to do that, it's obviously built loan by loan. We've had a lot of success over the last 18 months or so in terms of problem asset resolution in reducing our criticized loans. We remind you the last couple of years when we got the share national credit exam, we've had, last year was a relatively small, in fact it was a couple of million dollars. It was in the June quarter last year, the prior few years that it had been in the September quarter, we're actually trying to grow loans, which should, you know, should have provision expense and actually increasing our allowance through that process. But we were pleasantly surprised with the credit impact this last quarter and the credit improvement and the impact to our allowance to upgrades and pay downs.
Steven M. Raney: Yes, Hugh, what occurs is fees that we earn at closing actually get amortized over the life of the loan and if it was a 5-year loan and the loan pays off, restructures, pays down, other than what the scheduled repayment terms were, we take that as seasoned income. Now the portfolio is of the size now where every quarter we got fees that we don't expect to -- there are payoffs and pay downs that are not part of the scheduled payment structure. So we're recognizing fees every quarter, and it can be a little lumpy. This last quarter, it was a positive impact of the Canadian portfolio, even for that 1 month. The legacy domestic portfolio was about equal to, maybe even slightly lower than the December quarter in terms of pay downs. So our NIM gets impacted by that fee recognition, but each quarter, we're going to have some of that. We could run into a quarter were the NIM gets negatively impacted because we don't have any extraordinary -- or a reduced level of extraordinary pay downs or payoffs.
Steven M. Raney: No, none of the corporate loans have any prepayment penalties. It's just fee recognition. Acceleration of unamortized fees.
Steven M. Raney: Well yes, the new business in Canada will have net interest margins and the credit profile is very similar to the U.S. business. So I wouldn't anticipate heavier weighting towards Canada. I would anticipate it being -- right now there's about -- we have about $500 million in outstandings to Canadian-based companies. I would anticipate that percentage growing equal to the domestic business.
