Paul Reilly: First, I will – I'm going to make some going forward comments. But since there has been so many questions on order flow, I want to hit that one head on before I do that. The first, we do not direct order flow based on hot dollar payments received from market makers instead our order flow is directed to firms that provide the best execution. Now, there is some times, we do receive nominal benefits than our cash equities and payments in our options business that they are very minor and small in the overall scheme of things. So a lot of people have asked the impact of payment for order flow and it really doesn't have an impact on us financially.
Paul Reilly: I have Tom James in the office, do you the stock prices is more positive or negative. So let me just really kind of look forward a little bit. Our asset management business is in a great position, we have not just going out for the record AUM because of the market, but we have great inflows and part of that's really driven by our private client group business also with record client assets under administration. Record productivity and we have got a very good recruiting pipeline. So we have added not only we have a lot of people coming in, a lot of large advisors, and I think we really kind of cracked being a place that people from – with large books and big firms look at us as a great destination. So take time, we work hard in recruiting everyday but those businesses I think if you can look through the short to mid-term are in great shape. The bank, we have had good loan growth. Now the cautionary part there is spreads have compressed, we see the compression slowing, if a stock compressing or expand that's good but usually those cycle take a bit. And the other is the provision we have had because credit quality has increased. Our provision is pretty low this quarter given all the loan production and of course that's not going to continue forever. So we think that with the growth of the loan book and those two factors and maybe kind of flattish in earnings there but on the bank and it really depends on spread. But we would expect to hit some growth and but we will have those two headwinds and we will see where they balance given what happens to the spreads in the marketplace. On the capital markets side, we like our franchises, I think done a great job of building them and we are well-positioned. If you look at pipeline alone, we got a very good pipeline in M&A. Last year was kind of a record year for our M&A and we could do better. And same with the equity underwriting business but that's going to be very market dependent as we go forward. So the pipeline is there, but the market has to cooperate in order for us to be executing on that. In the fixed income, we love the franchise we have. The commission rate, commission volumes challenged in the market and we are not immune from that. So I think we are doing a great job with our accounts. But volumes are down. We don't see any short-term release on the commissions as long as this rate environment is what it is today. So I think moving rates will help us but we are going to have to wait for that. In the meantime, we continue to generate good solid trading profits I believe with good risk management and cost control. Public finance, we have been rated a top 10 issuer in these last couple of years, but issuance as well. So we have got another very good franchise good location. We continue to grow, but again that's going to be market dependent and the tax fund credit business, I will consider our backlog vibrant. It's been a great business. This quarter was off just based on closings that business we feel very, very good about and think will continue to perform. So with that I just want to remind you of our guidance I think our first quarter got people forgetting that our guidance had been that we thought by the end of this fiscal year, we would be at a 68% comp ratio as a run rate and 15% net margin. We still believe that. I think the first quarter people thought we have checked the box and we try to warn we hadn't yet. But, we believe if you look at the average of these quarters, we were making great progress. And that is still where we expect to be by the end of the fiscal year. So with that I know we spend a lot of time and a lot of items going in this quarter but now we would like to open up for questions. So Jodi, could you open it up for questions please.
Paul Reilly: This quarter and that comes in we don't know what it will be. Sometimes we agree, a lot of times that we don't but it is what it is.
Paul Reilly: You know that one is hard to say. We are hoping that people having this view which we share that spreads comes in you got to get paid for risk slightly have the effect of maybe spreads coming out a little bit, so which we hope the impact is in terms of loan balance growth our production has been pretty steady in the last few quarters. And it's not so much this quarter just because payoffs and refinancings are down as well.
Paul Reilly: I don't want to sound like a broken record, Joel. But, I will go over again. Our view right now is, first, we tend to be more heavily capitalized lot of our competitors that's a philosophy. But, at some time, if we have cash, we can't deploy. We will have to look at returning it. And our view right now, as we have opportunities to invest the cash in niche acquisitions we talked about some of the areas we have looked about – we have looked at particularly asset management. And we feel over a reasonable period of time, we can deploy it. If we can't we will have to focus on how we return it. Our goal right now is we think there are opportunities to deploy that capital inside the business.
Paul Reilly: I don’t think so. I think we had – that's a ridiculously strong market over the last year and we got a little bit correction this quarter. But I think that our read right now is the issuers are lined up just waiting if there is a good market, they will go. So I don't see any difference when we saw it a quarter ago.
Paul Reilly: Yes. I would say that first rates and volatility are – and yield curve are the big drivers of fixed income. So volatility has been kept in a pretty short range. And rates have stayed low. So we need both of those. And I think moving rates, changing environment would help that business significantly. We have looked at growing the business. We are pretty committed to keeping our risk profile the same. So we don't need to expand and if you look at our core franchises whether its bank deposits or a muni sales or the [gov] (ph) sales, we are pretty comfortable in our position. So as we look at other businesses outside, we are looking at a number – they got to step within our risk profile as they go. Some of the businesses we look at or the opportunities we look at the marketplace outside of our risk profile. So I don't think you are going to see us expand much more what we are doing now. But we are looking at adjacencies and just haven't found anything compelling at this point. We are expanding in the U.K., I can't say it's a huge profitable venture right now. We have got a good team. And we have got the base and it's fired up. And we are – we have had that initiative on since pre-Morgan Keegan and continued to try to grow as we have in our both, in our capital markets and our private client group where we have equivalent of an independent kind of franchise there in London and looking at growing that also.
Paul Reilly: We have 150 opening right now in our company. So we are a hirer. If you look at the recruiting pipeline and say it's up from last year and it's very, very good. First of the year is the time when is probably the most active time in terms of people coming down, if it's a year end change and it's a nice place to come visit in the winter. That pipeline still looks good. And it is better than last year. Our results are better than last year. Our pipelines are better than last year. Our RAA initiative is relatively new in that pipeline is good without a lot of results. We have had a couple of joints. We are hopeful that and our hybrid select model will both increase. So that pipeline has been growing but it takes a while to actually close, it's a year – probably a good year across the time you bring someone in the time they sign-up just for a lots of reason. Most really good advisors are slow because they are worried about their clients. And I think they are in a transition. But the pipeline looks good and it's been good. Areas outside the firm as I talked, asset management we feel it's a growth opportunity. We like the M&A days whether its in Europe, Canada or the U.S. continue to grow and if we see opportunities there. And there is some others that we look at in and out. So we have a good corporate development effort now. I can tell you, we looked and talked to a lot of people but we are very selective in that pipeline is actually pretty good now too. But, we are not – we don't count on it and nothings the size of Morgan Keegan. They are much nichier types of opportunities but there were much more active and aggressive in sourcing, selecting and talking to people there.
Paul Reilly: Cash is a percentage of assets was actually down, which is interesting for us, the cash balances have been kind of flat this quarter and we are used to them always going out. So if you look at where they are flowing, you would say equity kind of large and mid-cap and fixed income short durations, but having said that I would still talk about the retail and investor, the individual investor is cautious. So trying to get some return on their assets but cautious in the marketplace so it's up that I wouldn't call it, they are all in.
Paul Reilly: Out of total costs but just kind of an over time testing cost that was elevated to data center cost a little more than that.
Paul Reilly: As a muni, if you look at the retail trading because of the interest in muni – its actually performed fairly well. The institutional, the corporate and the corporate that kind of other businesses that are really did. So I think that you are seeing what you are seeing in the run rates right now, we see its continuing until there is a change in the market. So the retail, I call retail kind of commission part of the business okay on the institutional part very tough.
Paul Reilly: Great. Well, again, we think this was a good quarter and we know that the first quarter and the second quarter they have bumped around, but it's an average. I think we're about where we would expect it to be. Well-positioned markets are with us. We feel good about where we are. So thank you for joining us and we will talk to you again soon.
Jeff Julien: Kind of like doing one more comment before Paul goes forward, I apologize. With respect to the impact on EPS of our outstanding shares two things, one again is a seasonal factor. Our biggest equity issuances are in the December quarter when we do year-end equity awards or portions of bonuses that are paid in equity et cetera. So you will always see a little spike in shares in the March quarter versus the preceding. But what really impacted the dilution when you look at the six months this year versus last year outstanding shares were up 2.7% that's a big increase. It has – our normalized dilutions about 1.5% a year, the reason for that increase is the stock price going up, you know we used factor dilution, you used the treasury stock method and obviously you are buying a lot fewer shares when the stock prices at those highs. So that the elevated stock price is a positive and negative, I guess in that regard. But that did impact dilution. I'm sorry.
Jeff Julien: And based on our loan mix that might be at 130 or 140 basis points on average increase in loans something like that.
Jeff Julien: No. Predominantly is that. We renegotiated some of our arrangements with some of the providers that we share fees with in that regard and had to elevate our accruals in that level. So I think that what you are seeing is that coupled with the implementation of some of the accounting service fee that we talked about couple of quarters ago was some of the client fee changes had it been implemented and will be continued to be implemented throughout the year. So I think that it's a – its more of a higher run rate than we had been out in the past.
Jeff Julien: I will just make one comment on the number of 150 job openings, I will make a comment that that some number though it's not a majority but some number those would be to replace some consultant that we are employing particularly in some of the technology areas. So it won't necessarily result in pure incremental expense as bring some people on.
Jeff Julien: The comp ratio bounces around based on where we hire people obviously contractors that they are having good recruiting and a good production period. They have a much higher pay out. Based on our current mix of businesses and the current sources of revenues to get that 15% margin we need to at about 68% comp ratio by the end of the year. The one ratio that we are really I guess in our minds now changing our internal target on would be the private client margin where we start the year with a 9% target. We would be pretty disappointed if it ended up at 9 now given the run rate currently. But, we also need that on the increased revenues to get to that 15% margin. So 68 is our target for the end of the year and I can't tell you exactly, some I had work a year ago went into that, a number I don't know really remember at this point.
Jeff Julien: Within the private client group segment almost 70% of their revenues are recurring. So they have a very, very heavy fee emphasis, trails, things that are not transaction oriented. Most of the trading volume when we record number of trades which we have to record to the exchanges and report a lot of those are occurring in (indiscernible) fee accounts. So not really generating revenues. So clearly the biggest driver was – has been the increase in assets. We had a good increase from October 1st to January 1st in billings, which everyone was aware of and dealt into their models as well as continued our recruiting and people bringing in new assets going forward. So it's really as to do more with asset levels and it does trading volume.
Jeff Julien: Don't know the break down in total client assets of that number. I know within asset management. But I don't know within private client.
Jeff Julien: Certainly you can assume that it didn't rise. Generally it rises about 50% of the S&P because of little over half of our client assets are equity related.
Jeff Julien: The $8 million to $10 million range number I gave you, stuff that should disappear right away. The FICA, I took one quarter of it just assuming it dissipates ratably over the rest of the year. But that wasn’t all necessarily seasonal. It also included running of a television add and data center relocation which don't happen every March. But the rest of it does happen every March. The data center relocation was about $2 million total costs to us.
Jeff Julien: Obviously, we are going to have cost of running it going forward. And we have the cost of building it in the past. But this quarter that was the elevated relocation expense.
Jeff Julien: I'm not saying nothing new can arise that we don't know about today. But based on what we know that would be correct.
Jeff Julien: Yes. In the first 100, it's hard to quantify it depends on what free cash holding, we obviously would earn more on our own corporate cash as rates continue to rise from there. But beyond that, it's a fairly nominal number say somewhere between $10 million and $20 million for the every 100 basis points beyond that for the next – talked about 300.
Jeff Julien: Yes. It's not overly material after the first 100, its really the biggest factor is the earnings on our own free cash.
Steve Raney: Bulk of that increased expense is related to additional FDIC charges for the higher deposit level that we have given the size of the balance sheet. And there is also an internal charge, the bank expenses are based on the deposits that we have. So the bulk of that increase is really just related to the overall size of the banks balance sheet.
Steve Raney: I mean, Steve we do have I would say slightly elevated expenses that I would attribute to the regulatory framework. Our audit and compliance departments are bigger now. But it's relatively nominal. We are at 170 FTE at the bank now. So it's relatively small and on a comparative basis. Our expense levels and FTEs are very low relative to the size of the enterprise.
Steve Raney: Yes, couple of comments on that. We did have substantial improvement in credit quality that trend continue. There is really not a whole lot left in our credit side category. We actually have 8 commercial loans that have a loan balance currently that are in our credit advisor category. So it makes it challenging to – I wouldn't forecast more release of reserve related to our criticized assets at least maybe normally but it won't be significant. So if we continue to grow loans, I would expect we will actually be adding to our allowance on a relative basis. So…
Steve Raney: Yes. Historically, if you look back in the last four or five years every year in the June quarter, we get the shared national credit exam results. There are usually a handful of loans out of 400 that are subject to the shared national credit exam that we have difference in the ratings, sometimes ours are more harshly rated. We don't upgrade them based on the shared national credit exam. We do always have a handful of loans that are more harshly graded by the regulators. And we got to downgrade those loans. So we usually have some provision expenses and some allowance related to those downgrades in the June quarter.
Steve Raney: I would also just mention that this quarter really shed the power of the diversification of our various business units inside the bank. We did made our first tax exempt long-term the March quarter that business, it's directly referred to us by our public finance practice. So its loans to high credit quality municipalities, large not-for-profit higher education, hospitals and like. Our Canadian business grew by $100 million in the quarter. Our loans REITS in some project finance real estate along with our normal C&I, our commercial and industrial loan book grew. Our SBL, we closed 450 units in the March quarter of loans in our securities based lending business for $330 million of loan commitments. And we closed a 170 mortgage loans during the quarter. So we got a lot of different businesses inside the bank now. So we are not really relying on anyone business to drive it.
