Paul Shoukry: As you know, Manan, we do like to provide conservative guidance in that 3.15% admittedly is somewhat conservative. It’s only factoring in the November increase and the market is obviously expecting a December increase as well and so SOFR tends to lead those type of increases as we saw last quarter. So we had 50 basis points sequential increase two quarters ago in the NIM, 40 basis points this quarter and we are guiding 25 basis points, but certainly could be higher than that going forward. We were expecting deposit beta to -- as rates kind of continue to increase to get closer to 50%. On the last incremental increase for us, it was 35% and cumulatively, it was 25%, and we have been really leading most of the industry, focusing on clients and sharing and being generous with clients as the rates have increased. And so going forward, 50%, frankly, might be too conservative as well, just because of when you look at competitors were certainly well ahead of -- most of our competitors on the sweep rates.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. At the trough in the last year or so, the demand from third-party banks was, obviously, very weak and the pricing was kind of in that Fed funds effective range, which was down 20 basis points or so from the peak spreads a couple of years prior. So we are quickly seeing that demand resume. That’s the first step and now we are starting to see prices and the economics improve on the spread. But, again, 20-basis-point spread improvement, if that’s sort of the potential to get back to the last kind of peak spread two years ago, pales in comparison to the base rate improvement that we get from the Federal Reserve on those balances. So, net-net, a significant tailwind though on those balances.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah, Gerry, most of the sequential increase was really attributable to having a full quarter of results for both TriState Capital and SumRidge, which sequentially added about $25 million of non-compensation expenses. So that was the primary driver of the sequential increase, which we expected. Looking forward, I think, if you look at this quarter as a baseline and I think there’s around $410 million of non-compensation expenses when you adjust out for the loan loss provision and for some of the acquisition related expenses that we break out in our non-GAAP schedule. And looking forward, I would say, that would be potentially our best guess right now for fiscal 2023 is that number totaling around $1.7 billion in fiscal 2023, which of the $410 million base represents somewhere around 1.5% growth sequentially each quarter in 2023. And most of that growth will really be coming from our technology investments. We are still heavily investing in technology to support advisers, their clients and really all the businesses and functions across the firm. So that’s going to continue to be a significant focus for us going forward. And then you are going to see kind of on a year-over-year basis, growth in business development expenses as the first half of fiscal 2022, travel and conferences, obviously, were still suppressed by the COVID pandemic. So you will see that normalize for the full year in fiscal 2023.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. There’s a lot of moving parts. I would say one of the differences now versus in the last cycle is that our concentration of securities based loans are higher. Now that has a -- typically has a lower NIM associated with it, because they are fully collateralized with liquid marketable securities. So the risk adjusted returns are very attractive. But typically a lower NIM through cycles relative to corporate loans and so there’s a lot of moving parts there. I think just like I shared with Manan on the BDP fees, I think, this time around, I mean, rates are expected to be higher than they were last cycle, just the base rates, and so, given the loan mix, higher rates, a lot of different variables. But I don’t think we can call 3.5% necessarily a ceiling, but I don’t think we are also ready to say that it could achieve 4% either. I think we need to kind of see where cash sorting and cost of deposit trends play out.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I think kind of looking forward, we really built up the securities portfolio in the last couple of years, as there’s no -- there’s very little third-party bank demand. So we kind of brought it onto the balance sheet as an accommodation. But now with the cash sorting dynamics with loan growth being solid, we would expect some of that buildup in securities to really run-off over the next year to fund that loan growth that Paul talked about and some of that loan growth has duration as well. I mean, so you saw the mortgage portfolio grew sequentially during the quarter pretty nicely. There’s duration, obviously, associated with that portfolio that gives us that same type of protection. But to the extent that we take duration, our preference has been to take it to support client relationships. And to the extent that we have excess kind of cash beyond the loan growth and we would certainly invest in securities because it is a good return. As is the cash we sweep off to third-party banks as well. So right now we have a lot of different options and that’s just the power of the flexibility that we have with the cash balances and the flexibility that we preserve frankly through the last couple of years.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I think the one thing I would add is, the compensation philosophy kind of from outside of the sort of adviser force that Paul was talking about was to help, to share the success of the firm with our associates. And we are in a high inflation environment and so whereas we are entering year-end, we are leading in to being generous to our associates and sharing in the success with our associates just as we always do. And so those year-end increases won’t really be reflected until the second fiscal quarter, the first calendar quarter of the fiscal year and that’s when the payroll taxes reset, of course. But as Paul said, the interest spreads have been a significant benefit to our compensation ratio down in this kind of 62% range.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. Again, that reflects a full quarter of results from both TriState Capital and SumRidge. So I think this baseline going forward is a good baseline to start off with. But, again, we will increase salaries across the Board and we are leading into being generous with that given the competitive labor environment, the inflationary pressures and the success that we are having as a firm. So we really want to share that success with the associates who have made it all possible and that again -- and we are also continuing to hire in all of our businesses to support and continue the great growth that we have had across our businesses and so that would really be reflected throughout fiscal 2023.
Paul Shoukry: It’s a pretty wide range. I think the peak of that range was in the mid-teens in 2009. But of course, that’s because cash increase and end markets decreased substantially. But I would say, the trough was somewhere in that 5% range, maybe a little lower than 5% in 2019. So to your point we are at 6%. I think the 25-year historical average is probably in the 7% to 8% range. So it’s a pretty wide range.
Paul Shoukry: And I would say just reinforce that. We really don’t manage the balance sheet allocation to necessarily maximize NIM. We do it to maximize risk adjusted returns and we believe that securities-based loans both at Raymond James Bank to our own clients and at TriState Capital to their independent clients is the best risk adjusted return. So that is kind of the priority to the extent that the demand is there, which we think that over time that should continue to be a good tailwind for us and then we look at the other loan categories. We like the mix that we have right now with 35% of our loans and securities based loans. So that’s kind of how we are thinking about it.
Paul Shoukry: Yeah. I would say in the securities portfolio, the average duration is somewhere around four years now with the securities portfolio. So if you think about kind of a normal distribution, you might have somewhere around 20% to 25% run-off a year, probably, back end loaded a little bit. But and again, we are going to use a lot of that to fund the loan growth as current plans. There is a baseline for CIP of cash balances there. If you kind of look back at 2019, I think, there’s probably $2.5 billion or $3 billion of cash there for a variety of reasons and so maybe that’s kind of a good way to think about the floor there for those balances. And really, with BDP, that’s a function of providing clients FDIC insurance, trying to maximize their FDIC coverage as much as we possibly can given all the constraints and the demand from third-party banks.
Paul Shoukry: Not really. The way we think about the minimum on the BDP balances is essentially providing some level of funding buffer. We don’t want to overextend the funding, as we have seen in the industry, it’s challenging when you overextend the funding to your own banks and you don’t have a buffer there. And that’s one of the things that we are thinking through is, what do we want that buffer to be. Now our balance sheet is much more liquid than it used to be 10 years ago when we established the 50% buffer that some of you are aware of. So we think that’s much too conservative. But we are kind of currently -- now that we have completed the acquisition of TriState Capital, understanding their balance sheet. We are currently in the midst of determining what the appropriate buffer is, but we are going to, just as we always do here on the side of conservatism there as well.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. I think absolutely. The demand is way up. And as you pointed out, if you look at almost all of our competitors, if you really looked at just what’s happened to cash sweeps there, we are all in the same ballpark. It’s just most of the other firms have gone into high yield savings to supplement their cash or the money market sweeps. So we haven’t done that. So we may. But to-date, we feel like we have ample low-cost funding with our sweeps. And we do see the demand going up, which will impact rates, and Paul, I will let you address the rate dynamic.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. Yeah. I think I have been now, what, 12 -- dozen years in this job and everybody always asks me that recruiting market seems to be getting more competitive and so my response is it’s kind of always been competitive, and we have been on a good roll. So we still see it as very active. We -- even in 2009, we thought recruiting our best year would go off because of the great dislocation, but it has actually resulted in our best couple of years until the recent few years. So it’s still very active. It’s very competitive and continues to be such. But as you can see with our kind of 400 advisers added this year, if you adjust for the RIA channel, the people that moved our adviser count. We have had another very, very strong year. And really, the largest teams we have ever recruited continue to come in and so the average is going up also, not just market, but just the attraction of our platform for high net worth and ultra-high net worth advisers, as well as the advisers that we have recruited for -- throughout our history. So we are still a big part of our strategy, we think it will still be strong, backlog is strong, and probably, won’t last forever, but it looks pretty good in the short- to mid-term.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. So we are not against the securities portfolio, but our first thing is to fund our growth in loans and securities becomes the next part of it. So we agree they are attractive after being beat up for not locking in rates over a number of years, we are not after waiting it out and now having the balance sheet. We are not ready to call that we have reached peak rates and start locking in. So I think at least in the near-term, we are going to be flexible as the Fed probably has a couple of rate hikes and then we will look at it and if things settle down, we may balance in a little more. But our first funding is for growth and then any excess funding, which we are certainly happy to put in securities, because you are right, they have a very good spread right now.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. You can see the dynamic. Our -- we have a great fixed income franchise, but really in that banking space that’s very, very strong and they are focused on the same dynamics the whole industry is. So as cash tightens they are going to fund loans first and security second just like us. So, yeah, that could have pressure. Now there’s other parts of the business, but it will certainly have pressure on that run rate, if it gets tighter. And again, on the other hand, SumRidge is -- maybe timing is everything, but this is kind of the perfect market for them to perform. They are just really killing it right now, but they are -- everything is in their favor, but everything is a headwind for that banking part of the franchise that we are so good at. So it could come under more pressure also.
Paul Reilly: Well, where we have been even with our advisers and associates, we paid them what we think is fairly on their production and we haven’t paid on interest. Now when interest went away, we didn’t change their payouts and comp, obviously, it affects management’s comp. So our plan right now is that interest rates will continue to be non-compensable and so certainly impacts some of the bank comp. But generally, to the extent there’s more interest spread, margin comp will go down to the extent that normalizes or goes the other way, the ratio will go up. But there’s no change fundamentally in how we are paying based on it. So, again, interest spreads will drive it down for a period of time. I think spreads right now are like in any cycle, probably outsized for I don’t know if they are out how long that stays a year or two years, quarter, but it will return but where our comp philosophy is the same. So you should see improvement spreads -- as interest spreads improve.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. Absolutely. I mean if they get -- right now we have been fortunate and have managed it well, as you know we have been focused on the flexible balance sheet. But you need cash to operate the business, so if you see runs, we talked about even offering high rate savings and others. We just haven’t implemented it, haven’t felt like we need to. But if we see cash getting to levels that concern us, we will do that. We also have TriState now who is a very good source of funding. They have got a very strong net funding operation, which was one of the reasons for the acquisition, which I don’t think you understood. You said, so much cash, why would you have it and I think it was a year ago, we were talking about our concern about cash in the future. So it’s -- so we have got alternatives now. But absolutely, you need cash to run this business and you want to be able to service your client cash at some point, we look at our cash balances. They haven’t left the system. They have gotten more into fixed income or money markets on our platform. So they are still in the system. We just haven’t kept them into the pure cash form.
Paul Reilly: So part of what we are doing is we are going through our budgeting exercises to say where do we want to deploy capital. We have got with the banking business, a broader bank business. TriState is an independent business with its third-party platforms. And the question is, between that and Raymond James Bank, where do you allocate capital in the portfolio really to optimize, not partly the balance sheet from our standpoint, but really to allow freedom, for example, for TriState to service their customers. So we are going through that to make sure that the capital allocations make sense both for those businesses and for us. So there always is in periods of rapid transition right now, it’s a little bit harder to do it, but we are in a lot of discussion on it.
Paul Reilly: I think if you look at -- I will go in reverse order in the fixed income business. I mean the challenge for traditional fixed income business in a rising rate market is when do people invest kind of in the long-term and that will happen as rates come up. I think that that business will do well. People have been buying shorter term. As they start buying longer term, it’s more profitable for us too, but you got to get rates to a point where people think rates are there to really start doing that, and certainly, the increase in rates will help, but we are just at a pause really until that happens. So I think that’s more timing. M&A is a little harder. Backlog is good. Clients are good. It’s even now, right now, it’s up for us, and it’s up in Europe for the industry. And if you look at European dynamics with rates and inflation everything, you go, well, how could that be? So I mean there’s still cash, there’s still strategic investors and our growth on our platform and who we have added and we are continuing to grow and we believe in it. But that one is harder to predict. I mean it’s been stronger. I think that most people have predicted. The backlog is still strong. But when people close or not or when that stops, it’s just -- that’s a tough one. So when you come off over the last two years with almost unprecedented M&A, is that a baseline or is that a peak forever, which it probably isn’t. But, again, we are still very, very high on that business. But that one is kind of hard to say what triggers it to continue or what triggers it to slow down or stop for a while.
Paul Reilly: Yeah. I am not sure. I think it was a 5% sequential increase and again that bounces around based on benefit accruals that we adjust for, particularly at the end of the fiscal year and making sure we are fully funded and accrued for on benefits and other things. So there’s nothing that I could point to specifically that would describe that other than just sort of natural growth and changes to the accruals, et cetera.
Paul Reilly: I think that -- yeah. Some of that SBL that was really pay -- a lot of people use that as GAAP funding. So part of the mortgage demand where people went from SBL paid those off and as mortgaged homes and other things. So we think the demand is there and not only is it there for our clients, so I think TriState is growing their market share with new relationships too, has a huge opportunity. So I think SBLs over time are still even short-term and longer term, so very, very positive. The question becomes is, rates continue to go up when was that really a cheap source of funding? May be not. People are less likely to borrow, but still think that business is doing well. So I think you see a blip -- we saw a blip this quarter really on that.
Paul Reilly: We have just never been as aggressive in pushing debt through our organization. I mean that -- so our products SBL is even a relatively new product for us compared to our competitors. So and we certainly don’t have quotas for anyone to present it or require them to present or even branch managers with quotas. So because of that our debt concentration historically has been lower than certainly our wirehouse competitors. And we continue to gain share, but we do it more through natural means and the adviser really has to initiate that versus us going out and pushing it or selling it to advisers. So, but our content -- it’s going up, but we are just not progressive and that haven’t been, it’s just part of the culture for a long time.
Paul Reilly: Well, great. I appreciate everybody being on the call and although a very strong end of the year, it’s an environment outside of the equity markets and interest rates and cash sorting and everything else, that’s hard to call. We are still -- that’s when we really appreciate the flexibility we have in the balance sheet and our capital base and everything else to be able to navigate. So optimistic about the future, don’t know what’s going to happen as you get GDP and you get people still raising rates and inflation, it’s going to be an interesting quarter, a couple of quarters, but that’s when you can see that our advisers are still 90 -- clients say 97% satisfied, with our advisers is a pretty high rate and they need them more now than ever. So, with that, appreciate your time and we will talk to you soon.
