Jacek Olczak: No, this came as per our plan. We knew and we have highlighted at the beginning of the year that we expect particularly strong quarter, partly driven by the comps, as you remember the growth rate in the second quarter of last year was 0.7% on EPS level ex-currency. So it was not really challenging comp which we’re facing, but also we knew that we will expect some continuous step-by-step improvements in the key markets where which we try to address this year. So you had the EU, Japan, Philippines, etcetera. So this all was baked in, so it came as expected.
Jacek Olczak: Well, not really. I think we will make it very clear that the reasons are well-known, why we focus on an international market. We’re not looking in a conventional business at the U.S. I think our plans are very clear that, yes we do see U.S on the -- from the perspective of the reduced-risk products, but as the separate part of this strategy. So when it comes to the conventional cigarette, cigarette markets I don’t really see any impact in terms of our thinking of that transaction, which was I believe announced yesterday.
Jacek Olczak: On Italy I think the Chesterfield repositioning obviously generated some negative pricing variance on the Italian market, but this is largely offset by the volume gains. So I think Italy is more of a question of the VAT absorption which we still have since the end of the last year and this is causing the negative pricing variance. And this is very much linked to the way to discuss or debate in Italy, the tax restructuring. Italy to quantify -- the total pricing variance for Italy would be in a range on the year-to-date basis, you’re talking in the range of about $100 million. But as I said, it’s more the higher component is the VAT absorption, just the repositioning of the Chesterfield, because you pick it up at the revenue level for the volume -- positive volume variance.
Jacek Olczak: Well, just to conclude in Italy, if you would add to the pricing variance on the EU the negative coming from Italy, the EU would have already a pretty decent pricing variance for the first half of the year, okay, because Italy really depressed the pricing variance for the entire region. And I think overall for the PMI, the pricing variance is about equally spread between half of the years -- of the year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, what we did in Australia is as of the end of the first quarter essentially we will have increased some promotional spending -- price promotional spending behind mainly two brands, Choice and Bond Street, which are the brands, which are competing in a low-price segment. In other parts of the low price segment and they’re being challenged by the discount segment or the lower part of the segment. So that investment there and our actions around this when we try to regain the competitiveness when it comes to the price point versus the key competitive brands. This is a free pricing in Australia, so the situation is pretty dynamic, and you appreciate that I cannot comment on any future price moves, but this is a price discounting situation when the price is being set individually by the key account by trade channel, by territory etcetera. So I mean, that situations may change and may turn -- may change pretty rapidly. So we will have to see. I mean, I think our share reacted as expected. We would have gain the share, especially behind this brands in the second quarter. As you remember, we lost some share significantly, some share in the first quarter. So, so far that part of the strategy works. Now well let’s see how the situation will prevail. I think what is maybe important to say that you’ve some brands already in the market discounted in the low price segment there to the level that they essentially yield about zero margin, okay. So I think once it reach that point, I think a fair question to ask is, isn’t that the moment when the logic should start prevailing while you start to balancing your profit versus volume objective.
Jacek Olczak: Small component, I think it was mainly in Germany, but you’re not talking about the very important component. So yes, there will be obviously some reversal in Q3. But I don’t think it would change our outlook when it comes for the full-year. Hence as you noticed, we have revised shortly after Investors Day while now having a full June data, we’ve revised our total industry outlook for the year to the 5%. So again, obviously that some inventory movements between the quarters.
Jacek Olczak: The way we’re tracking the performance, we look at retail off take at some key to change there, so -- but the share performance there is somehow reflecting the trend with sequential trends which we see on our adjusted churn. So we start -- we see the stabilization of the share over the last three quarters, maybe 0.1 down sequentially Q2 versus Q1, but it is all pointing to what we expected in the second half of the year, we should essentially have Japan share pressure behind this.
Jacek Olczak: The market -- we have to be cautious when we talk about the total market size in Philippines, because we essentially have a better visibility on a tax paid market rather on a total market. Therefore, I think also in our slides we’re using the data on the consumption, the smoking incidence in a daily consumption, which gives a better feel what is happening for the total market covering both tax paid, non-tax paid. I think there was the distortion coming a little bit from what has happened in Q2 last year with the Mighty supplying the market and the Mighty level of supplying the market in the second quarter of this year. Hence you had a 14% decline. When it comes to second question, I think the tax stickers implementation is an important step in the whole portfolio of the steps which we wish the government should have already taken to address that issue. I don’t think tax stamps is the only element which is going to address that issue. I mean, as you know when we’re dealing with an under declaration, I mean you need to obviously demonstrate the same diligence and the vigilance when it comes to all the things that tax stickers etcetera. But we’re very pleased that this is coming to its fruition, to its realization, and I think it’s going to help in overall addressing the situation.
Jacek Olczak: Well, when it comes to the price gaps because Russia essentially is having price increases, the same absolute amount per pack across the price segment. So, it’s not much change over price gaps -- price gaps in absolute terms, but obviously the price gaps in the relative terms tend to close. When it comes to consumer reaction, the price increase which we announced in May, as I said in my remarks we’ll kick the market around this time early August. So we will have to wait a month or so to have the reading how consumers -- what is the reaction of consumers. I think we shouldn’t our outlook for the market, total market size for this year. I think there is a 9% to 11% range of decline for this year is valid which factored in the impact of the two price increases this year, and also in this forecast it’s factored in the impact from smoking restriction in public places.
Jacek Olczak: Up-trading in Russia, and because you’re talking about the market which has a relatively high -- absolutely in the relative price gaps. So the up-trading is better -- you’ll see up-trading better when it comes to the two segments next to each other. And I think you’ll still see up-trading in the market. So it’s not straight up-trading from the lower price product going to the premium product, but in the segments next to each other I think you’ll see some uptick in the volume. Hence the performance of the Parliament and also performance in the -- of our brands. I mean usually our brands will tend to occupy the upper part of each respective segment. The smoking ban, I would say like there’s -- I mean we have experience in other markets from implementation of a similar regulations, similar restrictions. Yes, you’ll have some impact at the beginning, usually it comes to the moderation later on when consumer adjusts to the new consumption pattern or accommodate the fact there might be places or occasions when they cannot really smoke. As I said this is all factored in our 9% to 11% forecast for the total volume decline. And the key driver behind this 9% to 11% is that, price increases on the back of excise increases which we’re taking this year. So, most of this 9% to 11% is the elasticity driven impact on the total market rather than accounting from a smoking restriction. And the third part of your question, we have now the second year where Russia is dealing or the Russian government is approaching the taxation of the cigarette market through this three year plan. Every year the rates are getting reconfirmed around November I think in their legislative process, I mean do mind the Cabinet. Every year they reconfirm the next two years, and they bring a rate for the third year in that plan is a rolling over plan. So we’ll see how they reconfirm the rate this year. I mean, so far the government was very pragmatic in setting this rate, on one hand balancing -- they desire to increase the tax level, but on the other hand recognizing the unintended consequences namely the illicit trade which they wouldn’t like to have in that market, quite right. So, I mean so far, I don’t see anything which would change my opinion why the Russian Government should not act pragmatically this time. But let’s see, I mean we’ll have to wait until November.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the prices in Australia overall the cigarette prices in Australia are pretty high. But I haven’t seen that in other markets of the comparable maturity when the lower, super low price segment will take it all. I mean there is always medium segment, there’s always a premium segment. Usually the markets may go into polarization, so it’s more the questions of the medium brand slowly being eroded by the low, super low price segment and the premium somehow holds its position. I mean, obviously in Australia we’ll have to take it for the lances of the plain packaging and some equity presumably erosion of the brands. But I don’t think it’s a 0-1 game. I don’t think the whole market is going to go through the discount segment.
Jacek Olczak: In Germany the price increase was on average €0.20 per pack. As you remember Germany has various stick counts for per pack sizes, the pack of 19’s and the larger packs, boxes. So per pack, individual SKU the price might be slightly different. But on average its €0.20 across the portfolio in Marlboro to the low priced -- lower priced L&M and Chesterfield. When it comes to pricing, in Europe again I think we should look a little bit at the pricing in Europe excluding Italy, because Italy is really dragging the price in Europe low. And I said earlier answer I think one of the questions that the pricing impact of Italy is in the range of about -- in the tune to $100 million for the first six months of this year, and that’s significant. You will add it back to the realized pricing and you’ll see that the pricing in Europe is not as being perceived by some that we’re falling a little bit behind. I mean in all other markets the pricing was taking -- a lot of pricing was taking at the beginning of the year usually around the tax rate increases that is especially the case in Central Europe, Poland. I said on the -- during the remarks today we recently took also the pricing in Portugal, in Spain. So, I think the pricing in Europe would have to take a little bit of different view on Italy and the rest, because the rest of Europe in my opinion is not looking as low as one could see.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think -- no, I think it’s the same with the same principal. Okay, so sorry I don’t want to say its 100% the same because maybe there was some completely irrelevant fine tuning on one or two SKUs by the same principal, its €0.20 across the board on average.
Jacek Olczak: Well taking into considerations that no one almost remembers when Korea had raised the tax last time. I think this would be a good news, but we’ll have to see how it unfolds. I mean, we’ve heard in the past also some rumors or some initiatives even to raise the taxes in Korea and this has not materialized. So, I think myself, I’m more cautious about when Korea will have a tax increase. Well we’ll have to see.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean we see so at the beginning of the year, first half of the year some deceleration in the GDP growth. So we’re always looking at the macros in order to feel more comfortable with the total industry outlook. But I agree that 2% year-to-date growth rate for the market versus our forecast of 1%, one could say that there is a potential for an upside. And I would have to confront, there is a potential for an upside. I think I need one more quarter or at least one or two more months to reconfirm that Indonesia is moving to -- the total market is moving to the better growth rate. I mean its good news for us, but I think it was very clear in the remarks that despite the fact that the market is year-to-date 2% we still think for the 1% growth for the full-year.
Jacek Olczak: No, Dji Sam Soe in the machine made both Dji Sam Soe Magnum and the Magnum Blue in the machine made segment it’s actually growing as expected very nicely. So, increasing our share in this, in the machine made part of the market. Dji Sam Soe in the hand-rolled version, the challenge is, under one hand this consumer is going to the machine made but the prime challenge which the brand faces this year is the price point, well as you see it’s above the round price point while the competitors are approaching, but its still technically slightly below that price point. So I think in Q3 we should see that sort of a headwind for the Dji Sam Soe to being removed. And one more comment if I may, when you look at the Marlboro share in Indonesia, this is all weighted to the total market, right by the white cigarettes market, a non-kretek market and a kretek market are not necessarily highly interlinked markets which in the one cigarette market. So, I mean you’ll have sometimes the fluctuations on a Marlboro share just because the total market growth which happened last quarter came obviously for the kretek as the main driver. So the rate of the kretek market will sometimes give you fluctuations on a Marlboro share.
Jacek Olczak: No, this is as we’ve predicted that there will be a -- there’s a time needed when in a pricing [ph] [stats] in the region by region etcetera, these brands or the SKUs will go in across this price point. So some have already reached, crossed, some are still hanging slightly below. I think the Q3, as we predicted initially is about the time when the Dji Sam Soe should have that price point pressure behind the (indiscernible) or in front.
Jacek Olczak: Well Indonesia is optimization or production is essentially to manage the capacity between hand-rolled capacity and the machine made capacity. So, it’s a little bit different that optimizations which we undertook in Australia and in Holland, in Bergen op Zoom. Yes, that’s it. So they’ll have some cost associated with managing the hand-rolled capacity not transforming the hand-rolled to July capacity into machine made capacity.
Jacek Olczak: Well these are the costs associated with the down siding. So they don’t really qualify into reporting adjustments therefore we have not carried out in our reconciliation from a reported to adjusted result, they sit in our underlying numbers. But the cost is essentially about what we need to unfortunately the results were the termination of the employment of hand-rollers and there are smaller and creating a capacity on the machine in the factories which are producing machine made cigarettes.
Jacek Olczak: No, but what we’ve done is, if you remember not in the case of Indonesia but if you remember in Q1 of this year we have said that our cost associated with the closure of the plant in Australia would be $0.03 out of $0.01 was recorded in Q1 which was reporting adjustment and the $0.02 which will pick up later on, but not as reporting adjustment. Now I will have a boss, which also I’m incurring some costs which do not qualify by U.S GAAP rules as the reporting adjustments. I will incur this cost this year in order to complete this project. So, in total if I take all the projects together in my underlying results, you’re talking about the $0.02 to $0.04 which I associated with the cost of a closure or adjusting the -- or factoring the footprint and the capacity optimization.
Jacek Olczak: Very small, I don’t think -- no, this will not be material, because you’ll need to take September 1, with the location of the production. You obviously having rent rates, in the meantime which we already produce etcetera. So this will not materially impact this. (Indiscernible) pick up the full impact of boss of a better (indiscernible) some restructuring next year 2015.
Jacek Olczak: No, but I will have as I mentioned before I will have also some cost associated with the closure of that plant which I mean my underlying results, the net of this project you will not see the material impact of that thing. Actually I will be more out weighted on the cost than the benefit which I may pick up for the literally few weeks of this year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean what started, when I start discounting was much earlier in the market in plain packaging. So, the market always was correct arising by some level of a discounting when people were essentially buying down the price for a consumer at the retail level. What we have observed that towards the end of the last year frankly speaking, there was an increased discounting activity by some of our competitors. So, when we look at our share erosions which I think was pretty visible in the first quarter I mean it was obvious decision that we had to react, stay competitive and not allow the shares to further decline. So yes, there is obviously the element of the plain packing in the whole thing, but I think we couldn’t just attribute the current situation entirely to plain packaging but plain packaging clearly but the fact that somebody took away your trademarks, erodes the equity of my brand. I mean, erodes the equity of my product. So there is an element of the thing, how much you would attribute to this, I mean it’s difficult to say at this stage. You cannot ignore it, but this is not the only element which was, which is happening there. This is all in the context of very significant tax increase which took historically in the last year and also will happen this year in the market, because last year September you had 12.5% extra tax increase – excise tax increase. We in September of this year we will have another 12.5% additional excise tax increase. I mean that obviously makes the end of year after, so it makes the significant price -- it drives to the significant price increases. And obviously as the market already had the cigarettes at the price of average of about $17 per the pack of 25 of the 25 cigarettes, you’ll have a natural sort of a tendency to go into the down-trading which can be further fueled if you active discounting, because you open the gap. Maybe if you look at the market and you realize that the price gaps are in the range of $6 to $8, I mean that’s the price level per pack in many other markets. And in Australia we have the price gaps of that margin issue, obviously because the underlying prices per pack are already pretty high. But $6 or $8 sort of the erosion in the mix is already pretty significant.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. There was an impact of that in Egypt obviously because of the business structure but there was an underlying growth in Egypt and the entire, very strong quarter for the region very much driven by the price came not only from Russia but came from North Africa, some other markets in Egypt. Egypt played the critical role, but this is in addition of us now reporting Egypt the difference due to the business structure change this year.
Jacek Olczak: But that’s -- no, I mean we’ll look at the June results. I mean the markets which we -- I mean all of the market essentially confirmed what we’ve seen over the last five, six, seven months depending on the market trends. If you look at the total market trend they are three markets which are today somehow lagging behind in terms of declined rate should be better i.e. lower than the entire region. One of this market is, France. So we have to watch it, but I don’t think its going to change dramatically total EU picture. And the two other markets they are relatively smaller market, is Greece and Hungary. So, I have three markets which I wish would follow the trend line of the rest of the region. But even in absence of this I think EU as we announced today in my remarks EU outlook for the full year is close it’s around 5% and its based on the sequential improvements which we saw.
Jacek Olczak: To my recollections, there is not much I haven’t -- I don’t really recall there was discussions about any changes to the fuel subsidies recently until -- unless I’ve missed something, but I don’t think so. On the presidential elections, all fine and we will have to see how does it unfold and how what’s the new direction -- political direction there. Now I was much more -- we’re much more looking into the GDP development, the pricing development etcetera and based on this we’re trying to the best of our knowledge to estimate the market growth. But as I indicated a moment before, I do admit that with a 2% year-to-date our 1% outlook it maybe too cautious. We will have to see. I mean, at this market -- as you know is a market which has a lot of stick sales, the levels of the sales and the consumptions can pretty rapidly change in these places. So we will have to see.
Jacek Olczak: You know me; I’m a great fan of iQOS. I’m using this product. I wish I could share this with you, but I can’t.
Jacek Olczak: One thing when we talk about the iQOS, which is also to explain a little bit our cost variance this year. And I know that I’m bridging from your questions to something else, but its important to remember that the two test markets on iQOS will happen in Q4 this year, okay. And this obviously will also contribute -- one of the contributing element when we will have a less favorable cost towards the end of the year versus the previous period -- previous year.
Jacek Olczak: You’re absolutely right. There was a very small almost cosmetic sort of a change which resulted in I think a 0.1 -- I know it’s a 0.1 incident increase. The increase, the specific the minimum excise tax on cigarette by a €1 and the minimum excise tax on the fine cut products by €3. So this is -- there is some sort of a legacy coming from still last year and just Italy was pretty late in translating this into the tax rate. This has nothing to do with the tax restructuring which in our understanding is that the government is debating as we speak. So we will see how does it unfold. I mean, I think there are number of people who are recognizing that the tax structure which Italy has today is pretty archaic. I mean it doesn’t stand to the market requirements both on the government revenue side -- very much on the government revenue side, but also into overall market. So let’s see.
