Hermann Waldemer: Okay. Yes, we have previously assumed and annualized the 20% decline annualized, i.e. October last year to September of this year. Your number on the year-to-date actual 16.4% is correct. I think we better look at the year-to-date February number, which is 17.1, 17.5 percentage points down because there has been already some consumer hoarding of product in March [indiscernible]. But yes, there is of course an improvement over all. From thereon, of course, what is going to be the effect of the tragic events itself that's very hard to predict. But let's put it this way, we don't see accreting in the market.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay, I'll give you the elements. But let me say in general first, that, of course, there are scenarios possible, and of course, scenario plannings. We have not taken the most conservative one. We have not taken the most bullish scenario that you could take. We kind of went into the -- some middle ground, and that is a net-net means for the past half of the increased business guidance is attributable to Japan. Now let me give you a little bit the elements there which go into, which at the same time make it so hard to give a clear cut on. So but I'll try to do my best to describe the situation. I mean, yes, year-to-date share, we said that's up to 1.4 to 25.6%. In March itself, the share was up 2.9 points to 26.5%. So essentially, it looks like we cover more than 60% of JP's temporary losses of there, but now of course to estimate today what the retention level is going to be thereafter is impossible to predict now. I would say only one thing, I would expect it to be lower given the market Japan, given the Japanese consumer than it would be otherwise in another market somewhere in the world. And then when it comes to the potential volume benefits of that disruption, well, of course, the first question mark is how long is the disruption going to last. So how many of the SKUs will come, how quickly back into the markets, actually how efficient JP can be with the replenishment of the product pipeline, then we have seen -- we have mentioned that in the prepared remarks that we have fairly high retail stocks out there, higher than what we originally have thought. So consumers who are searching for their brand. So when that comes together, of course, what we made sure already in the first year for the March, but mostly now in the second quarter. Then of course we have the products available in the Japanese markets, but the shipment number that you see is of course only the number essentially driving of course the financials of shipments from our factories to our importer that is not the number of in market sales or even of consumer uptick. So all that together, these are the elements and that gave us the conclusion I mentioned it at the very beginning and that leads to net result of about half of the increased business guidance is assumed to be attributable to Japan.
Hermann Waldemer: No. I mean the first and most important points to say yet again is that we continue to expect that our pricing variance 2011 is going to exceed the pricing variance of 2010. Already there, I think, tells you a lot. Also in our general approach, they know me saying that the earnings per share are more important than cigarettes per share for the shareholder. Also that conviction has not changed. The thing simply is I have been discussing and reporting on skirmishes here and there already in the past, and we see a little more of those connected brand repositionings and other technical moves. And to those, you simply then have to respond and we have to protect your competitive position. I'll give you one example, maybe if you look to Russia where we had announced the price increase in December, wherein the market with new prices in January. Other competitors have made public, their decisions, later on. And still today, kind of we see now the last competitor coming into the market with new prices right now in April after an announcement in January. This is the type of thing.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. Well, the discussion essentially has started for final tax decisions for January 2012. As you know, there is an existing law in place that brings the ad valorem rate as of January 1, 2012, from 7% to 7.5% and specific from 280 RUB to 360 RUB. That is a 30% increase of a specific component, and the discussion that was very much in the media was to double the increase of its specific component eventually from 30% to 60%. So it is the start of a discussion, final decisions, I would not expect them before the end of the year, October, probably even November of this year. This has been -- this would have finalized, but what you hear there in the press is by no means final.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, let me describe a little bit the situation there. I mean for understandable reasons, I would not want to go into the legal strategy here, but I can give the parameters. So it's not only Australia. It's also the U.K. that go through a consultation period right now. The difference being that in Australia, it's a consultation on a draft legislation whereas in the U.K., it's a matter of concept. In Australia, the government appears to be predetermined. In the U.K., this all appears to be following a normal regular process. In terms of now expropriation of trademarks confiscations of our business, you raise one of the three critical facts that governments must look at and that also Australia must look at because there are, of course, litigation possibilities both under Australian law and under Australia's obligations under international treaties and laws. So those are the 2 avenues. That litigation situation and the leading situation has actually not changed compared to the time when Australia itself and also the U.K. before had been looking at the situation. And in both cases both in Australia and the U.K. the head comes to the conclusion not to implement the measure. So you would think still that whether is no change in facts, but also should be no change in outcomes. So much of the background, but please bear with me it would not be wise to go into discussion of the legal strategy itself.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. In Germany, well, it definitely remains to be seen. Certainly, we've seen all ready now some uptick in consumer purchases but you refer to trade. Well, we will have to see what individual competitors have done, i.e. what their respective stocks of old tax, old price volumes will be. That's -- I don't know. We will have to see what the outcome there is.
Hermann Waldemer: No, not in the first quarter. No. Actually if there is something, it is probably within the second quarter and will have washed out by the end of the second quarter. And your second question on investments, well, this is very, very specific and we talk about individual, large markets where we see consumer response and will immediate return. So it's not just spreading a little bit more money over there.
Hermann Waldemer: You would look at probably at the Asia and the EEMA region where there is going to be bigger growth potential of course.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. The other half would be a series of markets. Some example's here. Yes, the first one Germany. You heard about the price. You also heard about the improved share performance. Another one would be Turkey, where turkey has come fairly quickly out of the crisis they were in last year and market size declined of 2% only in the first quarter is a good sign in our share performance. It's really doing -- we are really doing well in the market again, thanks to a complete portfolio. So we are doing pretty well there in terms of shares. Mexico, well, we had expected decline there, a market reaction. If you're kind of take out of the 27% decline in that market in the first quarter, if you take out really the trade load effect over year end and if you take out also additional cylinders that you have in this quarter compared to last year, then you're either in the 14%, or say, in the 13% to 15%. But that's better and the second good news in Mexico really is that the premium segment is holding on very well. You see a Marlboro share is growing. Premium is holding on better than the low end. So no down trading in the market. That's good news as well. Indonesia, we're already doing well share performance, pricing we have implemented market size growth fairly nicely. France, good news essentially a stable market and now improved share performance as well. Holland will be another example of very solid share performance. So it's in a number of places...
Hermann Waldemer: The other situations in terms of illicit trade has improved quite a bit. This ones been about 30%. I would say this is probably has gone down in the range of 10 percentage points. Well, let's put it this way, it is always a sequence of 2 things, first, you need to attract the attention of everyone including the governments, which we did in Romania, which is well [ph] other places as well. We'll take Canada that was another example that you first need to get their attention and then you need the willingness of government to put enforcement behind. And we have seen that in both countries as well again both Romania and Canada. So it's the 2 elements.
Hermann Waldemer: No. It's a little bit more skirmishes, as I said, in selective repositionings and other tactics, Russia was one example. I give you another one, I mean in Spain -- you see I mean -- the minimum tax kick in is at EUR 3.66 and we have prices in the market at EUR 3.40 and EUR 3.35 even. So there is a year absorption of the last tax increase. So that's just another example or remember the one that we have been discussing earlier which was the discounting on the big and so called maxi packs in the German market. So it is hidden there. It is skirmishes here and there. But again, really look at our first quarter pricing variance which is very strong and all set of statement that the sum of the pricing variance 2011 is going to be greater than the one of 2010.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, we are keeping up with the inventory needs. Yes, sir. I mean, our effort is coming out of the European factories, you are correct. By ship, that's a long way. By the air freight, it's quicker. And we have to take a recourse to air freight in order to get some volume in.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes. But I mean, Japan, of course, in terms of spending overall already before any of that happened is one of our focused markets in there as I was just illustrating the air freight that is also cost some additional costs. If you simply have due to the situation there this is distribution and logistical costs. We will certainly also do everything we can in terms of brand support as we saw our shares are developing very, very nicely. However, really, I think, the Japanese situation, with the country in trouble, believes to different average behavior of a consumer then it would be the case elsewhere. So I believe that the retention levels probably will be lower and there will be in another country? To what extent? Some of them, of course, we will be able to return I would think. To what extent, that today is just impossible to say.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, I would say -- I mean, if you -- now going beyond Russia and talking about a worldwide picture, then yes. Since if you go back to say probably middle of 2008, i.e. before any of the crisis hits and you compare it to today, then you would have seen a shift -- from a very moderate shift maybe 1% to 2% from premium and mid to the low ends. Now talking total worldwide volumes for half range. But actually if you would look at that more recently, say, over the last three to six months, then you would have a slowdown or even a stoppage of that effect, and I believe we are at the point there now where there's improved economies around the world. Our premium portfolio will serve us very, very well. It’s just there are still a couple of markets out there, the known ones, where like in southern Europe where the situation is still difficult, but overall, I clearly see a return to our trading over time.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, Mexico is a very profitable market and the price increase has helped. So that is certainly a good part of the reason for the strong performance. It's not only Mexico, it is also the profitable markets in that region, take Canada where you had again an increase in development market size or you take Argentina where we continue a stellar performance and I'll audit the market share essentially in the range of three quarters of the market. So there are others, but Mexico is an important.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, of course, you're referring to delayed increases of tax driven price increases before so it's easy to grow share at the level of price. Going back now to the portfolio itself to our portfolio. In the premium segment, let me remind you that actually Parliament in Russia is a bigger brand than Marlboro, actually also with much higher margins than Marlboro and Parliament is doing very, very well. Marlboro itself, yes, to be self-critical here, yes, we need to do more work on the brand Marlboro in the Russian market, and we have plans in order to strengthen the brand going forward into this year. From there you go to Chesterfield which is a strong, higher- and medium-price brand. L&M which had suffered over the last couple of years, that too. That is not an easy situation and then you go to the next one to Bond Street that we have had tremendous increases, i.e. we have the best target train international low-price brand in the market. And then if you go further down, actually as we speak, there is now a lot of price competition going on at a very low end, which is also very low margin and at that time the trends like Java [ph] and others which are at very low prices.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, I was mentioning -- I was saying that yes, we have to work on L&M to do, we have work to do on Marlboro to do, but then it goes to segments then the story is different. Overall, in the premium segment, we're speaking about Parliament, the segment itself premium is doing well and we are having a good share in there, medium including Chesterfield we are doing well and now there is simply intense price competition as well at the very low end, which is chasing market share for not much margin.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. First segment, yes. What's called super low in Australia is still very, very profitable. That's correct, and we still used the margin of a premium brand elsewhere. But the positioning of the other brands are mid-priced to premium-price brands. So we are present across the market. But overall, in the market, yes, there is a certain trend towards the lower end. But as you said yourself in the beginning, this lower end is still very profitable end.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay, absolutely. Ukraine first. I mean, on one end, this is of course a country which has actually very good macroeconomic trends right now. However, when it comes to the cigarette market, then the price increase effects on the market on the consumer are simply not over yet. So I mean for the price that you buy today, a low priced product you could have bought a bit more than two years ago. You could have bought a super premium Parliament brand, so that's really what's happening in the market. As a consequence of that, you really see polarization of the market. You see the premium segment almost stable. Actually our share are doing very, very well. But then, in particular, in our case, you see a very competitive low-price brand and for us share losses at the very low price range, so there is intense competition really at the low end completely polarizing market in there. So that's pretty much the situation in the Ukraine. It will come down -- calm down over time but it is a difficult situation right now, and there are many price promotions actually in place in that market. Now moving over to Spain, what I would say Spain is still very difficult because there are too many negatives at play for the economy to start with. We still have a stagnating GDP. We still have unemployment at 20%. Actually, 1.3 million households out of 17.3 million households total in the country, I was told actually in this 1.3 million households both partners are unemployed, just to give you an impression of the problem. So not surprisingly, consumer confidence is low and the only positive for the economy overall is a recovery in tourism. So in that context, it's not a surprise that the cigarette market is really depressed not to the level of the 25% that you see in the actual numbers of the first quarter because there is an important trade stock reduction in there as well, and there is the effect of a total smoking ban in all the countries of Germany [ph] of this year in there as well. So probably 15% is a better number for the full year. One filament [ph] also you see in the market now beginning in particular in the South, we have made a recent self study in 3 of the Southern cities, Seville, Malici [ph] and Paris there almost 25% of the consumption were not Spanish tax paid products. So that is about double what it was a year before. That's just a snapshot that by no means is representative for Spain's total market, it has always been higher in the South than anywhere else. But that's also of course something adding into the problems, and in such a situation, it is not a surprise that you see down trading in the market and even more so, of course, the more you go South, the more down trading you see. So that's a good presentation on Spain.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I would say that I have to say again -- I mean, you have one fixed point here which is the existing law. Ad valorem 7% to 7.5%, specific from RUB 280 to RUB 360. The most discussion about the doubling of the specific element, but this is a discussion and you will hear many more people giving their input in this -- into this discussion until the end of the year. At this point in time, I feel it is impossible to predict the final outcome. As I said earlier, I mean, don't expect a decision there before October or even November of this year. We are only in April. So a lot of water is going to go down the wall guards [ph] and we know that.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes. I mean, it is the price increase effect. I mean, as we highlighted earlier and you mentioned it. There is of course a certain effect in there. Don't forget that really the recovery of the economy lies to see it in the big cities of Russia. It hasn't really reached the countryside yet. And in that context the rising food prices are a concern because those have gone up quite a bit after last year's summer heat and the drought thereafter and the hardest problems that occurred as a consequence. So it is those two elements.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. Let me give you some information there on Marlboro -- how it performs in the EU region. By variance, those numbers had -- I wouldn’t know by heart, but at the end of the day, they are part of the Marlboro franchise and we do those for incremental volumes but also for the halo effect on the entire brand. Now essentially going into it if you look at the EU, I’m at -0.1, I think I justifiably call an overall state of performance in the EU, albeit it's true that they are considerable market variations within the EU. Poland would be an example where the market share of Marlboro nicely up more than one share point to about 10.5% share. That is clearly up trading and that is in effect that you will see also elsewhere. So there's up trading potential for Marlboro in central Europe’ let me call it in general. Then, I would say you have markets where you have a stable situation in terms of market share Germany and Italy. They will both be down 0.1 to 21.2% and 22.5%, respectively. Then I would say you find other markets that are continuing to grow on an already high basis. That would be Belgium growing 0.7 to 25.1%. And most importantly, Netherlands is growing actually again, 0.7 to 34.9%. That's not too bad. And then you have a loss category of markets very clearly see the effects of a down trading environment, and that would be Spain, Portugal and Greece. Spain, we are down quarter 1 versus quarter 1 down 0.4. It would be even down if you compare more recently to Q3 of last year. Portugal, down 4 percentage points to 18.4, temporary again price increases due to delayed implementation of excise tax, driven price increases of competitors. And Greece again down trading environment where the brand is down 2.4% to 19.3%. So down trading environment stable and growing the number of sale and up trading invaded more the central European part. I think that's the categories that you find within the EU region.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I mean -- overall, inflation that is a worldwide average that is something about 2% to 3% so that's the range. As you know, we have productivity programs in place. In terms of major components of our cost of goods sold, that's of course first of all and most importantly, leaf. That's about 25% of our cost of goods sold. On average is leaf and on a yearly basis, last year, it was $3.5 billion. So within leaf now, you have leaf price increases. We all remember the situation in 2008. That is absorbed. That's no longer the problem today. The leaf price increases for this year that we still expect will be about 2/3 of what they have been in 2010, and now they are essentially driven by the currency strength of the underlying Brazilian real in the leaf price, which then currently is in dollars of Brazilian leaf, that's the most important thing. But against that, so of course also our productivity measures. So that's what I can say on leaf. On direct materials which is about 25% in there, that is essentially stable. And then of course you have conversion costs. Where you have productivity running against percent of the increases that you of course have to give and give to you [indiscernible] so those are essentially the components. But overall, I feel pretty good about it, I must say.
Hermann Waldemer: That is probably -- I must say that must be the effect of the Philippines that are included now. Yes, that's it. Of course, if you compare to last year and this year and now you have all the Philippine sector in there which of course on average have a lower cost base then...
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. The productivity and the synergies out of the Philippines is of course part of our total number because the Philippines are part of our total business. The second question forestalling. I mean we have made quite some progress in a number of countries and forestalling the most effective measure always being at the so-called sell by dates. Remember, 2 years ago it must have been were you had really big problems in Poland that’s solved today. So it is essentially 1.5, 2 months delay only. So there is simply further room for improvement also in markets where it's already existing. I was mentioning Russia before, well, that’s certainly is a country that would be on our priority list. But you also can always do better in other markets and that is already in place. Portugal would be an example from a second credit rate.
Christine Farkas: My question for you -- or two questions for you. Firstly, you talked about half of the increased business guidance outlook coming from Japan. I'm wondering if you can elaborate perhaps on where the other half of that business outlook is coming from.
Christine Farkas: Okay, so it sounds like rather than just better than expected performance in the first quarter, there's some sustainable reasons for your outlook in a number of markets for the rest of the year.
Christine Farkas: Okay. That's helpful. And just a quick follow-up on pricing. You did talk about Russia as an example where there’s some repositioning of competitive brands, and that perhaps might lead to some more conservative pricing on the aggregate. But I'm wondering if it's really quite isolated to Russia or any other markets where you feel this is necessary rather than a broad statement of product positioning in pricing around the world.
