Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I'd say for this year -- I mean, for the second half we expect a similar decline, but at the same time, we continue to be cautiously optimistic to achieve low single-digit OCI growth, excluding currency, nevertheless. In the EU region, in years before where we had similar decline rates, we had similar results. Yes, we see continued market declines there, but there are also, talking for this year, also several positives in there. In Italy, there was still the potential VAT increase looming in September that has been called off, postponed to next year but who knows what happens until September of 2013. But it's not going to happen this year. In Spain, the VAT increase of 3% on all goods is being compensated for cigarettes by ad valorem decrease. That's good news, too, of course. And in France, some sort of price increase is going to come in the remainder of the year, and despite this economic trouble in the entire region, the Marlboro share is actually up. So overall, yes, I think we can do that, we can still achieve low single-digit OCI growth also in the EU region.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. Philippines first. The situation there is that the House of Representatives has passed a bill with pretty substantial disruptive excise increases for 2013. Thereafter, even in that bill, the positive is that it takes a multiyear approach, but that is for now the House of Representatives. The legislative processes is by far not being closed. After the summer recess, first the Senate is expected to weigh in on the question. Then should there be disagreement between Senate and House of Representatives, then it goes into the so-called bicameral committee. So what I'm telling you here is there is more discussions to come in the third and in the fourth quarter. Then on GCC, while there is a discussion going on, that discussion we have had many years also -- for many years also in the past, it's still an open question. I really don't have an update to that one. We'll see in the remainder of the year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, okay. First of all, I mean, let me start then with the economy. I see that the economic outlook in the Philippines, which is actually brilliant, I mean, the GDP, the last number I saw, I believe that was the quarter 1 number, up 6.4%, with an inflation, I think it has been May, a little less than 3%. Remittances of Filipinos working abroad, up substantially in 1 month. That's about an amount of $1.7 billion coming to the country. Therefore, I mean, in terms of consumer environment, that's actually pretty good. That translates now in the total market that for the full year, we would expect a slight growth. So I would say the full year market, about 100 billion cigarettes. Last year was 97.5 billion roughly. So a slight increase therefore in the total market despite the price increases that was there. In terms of shares, yes, share, we lost a bit of share, and we lost that share essentially to some local company there, which, let me put it this way, sells at surprisingly low prices.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, first of all, it is, of course where it started it's in the German market, where it has been doing tremendously well, continues to do tremendously well. I mean, it is -- as you know, it is the continuation at the end of the day and the translation into modern values of what was the Marlboro campaign, the cowboy campaign stood for. So it's receiving excellent feedback, continues to receive excellent consumer feedback in the German market. In adaptations, you will find it in more and more markets around the world. It's not always going to be exactly the same what you see in Germany, but it's the same idea, the same philosophy behind. And we will roll it out from there. It has started in some Latin American markets, and it will go further. It is the new worldwide campaign.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well not regional, what will come later in the year is, of course, a discussion on the excise tax outlook. Typically, as the budgetary year of the government goes from 1st of April to the end of March, there, as you, of course, [indiscernible] These discussions will start in December, with a decision kind of by year-end. At this point in time, I really couldn't predict the outcome there, but it is obvious and clear that we will be advocating for a multiyear excise tax plan, which would be beneficial for both the government in their quest to maximize revenues and could also be profitable for us at the same time.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes, I would say it is a positive there, it is a first step to developing an entire refinancing plan, if you like, for all the funds needed to cope with the cost of the natural disaster of last year. So in that context, the discussions take place. Consumption tax was, of course, the key element in there. Excise tax, I believe, is going to be a normal discussion. It will not be dominated by that question on the consumption tax. To put that a bit into the context, that's something that is going to be manageable for us. It always depends of course what you assume to be the price level when the consumption tax kicks in at that time, April 2014 and October 2015. But kind of the first increase means a rollover of about JPY 15, and the second one means a rollover of about JPY 10 per pack. That's manageable, of course.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, at the first quarter call, I think I still expected 1% to 2% decline there. It's of course -- to be honest, it's a hard market to read with all the distortions from last year into this year. We had a prolonged period where incidence -- smoking incidence had stayed stable. It has come down a little bit the last 2 months but not much. So that's why I think that the underlying, really, is probably a 1% to 2% decline going forward. Now I'm talking next years and thereafter. That's of course [indiscernible] pricing. I'm talking about the underlying trend. But this year, when we take it all together, the obvious estimate is now [ph] that it should be about flat.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No, I mean, there is nothing on the underlying business trends there. It is simply some -- often a question of comparisons. If I take the Japan hurdle out, then organic volume in the first half has been going 3.3%. I mean, I can't expect 3.3% for the full year, I think nobody does, although we are optimistic to achieve our mid- to long-term organic volume growth target of 1% despite the hurdle in Japan. To give you one example of tough comps, if you go to the EEMA region, then the first half volume results compared to declining trends in the first half of 2011, whilst the second half of the year will compare to already an overall growth rate of 2.4% in the second half of 2011 last year in that region. So it's a bit of comps, but underlying our business is in very good shape. And Europe has, of course, been factored in into our full year guidance.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. Well, it seems they have not really changed much compared to the Investor Day projections. The quarter has come out slightly worse than what we already had highlighted there. I mean, in terms of market sizes, then the best will be we go to the biggest markets there. Germany, which has been down in the second quarter by 5.2%, is down on a year-to-date basis 1.3%. I would say in Germany, expect about 1.5% for the full year. So the 5% are not representative at all in that sense. Italy is a complicated market these days. I mean, I had it in my prepared remarks, austerity measures and consumer confidence going down, doesn't make it easier. However, I would say for the full market for Italy, I would expect something like 7.5%, maybe 8% decline. The first quarter was down 6%, the second quarter was down 10.5%. 7.5% [ph] to 8% could be a full year number there in Italy. Spain, I think the forecast that we had of something in the range of 10% for the full year outlook is still a reasonable assumption. It is, of course, was very important that the VAT increase has been offset by reduced ad valorem rates. Therefore, in that context, I think the minus 10% for Spain is still a realistic number. If I add in then France, there I would say take out the technical factors and stuff. Something like 3% is probably a realistic assumption for France.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, we just raised our prices by RUB 3 in Russia in July. That plays into that one as well. But other than that, yes, I mean, the overall environment is really good. The economic environment is kind of the antipode of what we see in the EU region. And with the right portfolios, the right brands, we are benefiting from those trends in those parts of the world.
Hermann G. Waldemer: We had a very slight loss here. I mean, we came down from 28% to 27.8%. That's a slight loss. We are competitive people. We don't like that. But one also has to acknowledge that competitors are not asleep on the switch either. We have had a very successful launch with Marlboro Black Menthol, as you remember. JT has come out now also with a successful highly mentholated product that they pushed into the market, that has had some share consequence on us, but that's the second quarter. As I said, we are already out there in July. Our sales with new launches with 5-milligram and 1-milligram versions of Marlboro Ice Blast. The 8-milligram version is the one that has 1.3% share, which is after such a not-so-long period in the market a fantastic share. But competition will go on, and we're never afraid of competition. But we take also the other [indiscernible] Serious, that's all there is.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I mean, Germany has been comparing to the second quarter in 2011. That was up by 4.6%, and it happens to be that Easter is in the first quarter and in the second quarter from 1 year to the next. That's just very, very technical there. So yes, there were some inventory movements in there. And typically, at quarter ends, you sometimes see intense activity of some competitors with the trades, which we don't do.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Illicit trade in Spain should be about 10%, 12%. I would assume there, so it's increased -- it's on the increase there as well.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No, I wouldn't expect a change in general trends there. It's really -- it's kind of a lot of activities going to the second quarter before the summer break, and then you have -- it's picking up towards year-end. That's a very normal pattern which has not changed over the years. I don't see a change now either.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Brazil. Okay. Well, in Brazil, you of course have now had -- the pricing is implemented, the tax increase was made first. All the prices are there. We do see an adherence of local manufacturers to the new minimum price of BRL 3 there, but as the minimum price is still relatively low, I think the real effect will only come with the already scheduled and foreseen minimum price increases over the years. We don't see, however, really, an improvement on the illicit product flowing in from Paraguay into Brazil.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, sometimes you can't have it all. Marlboro is doing better. I think the 2 are a bit linked now. But seriously, that's -- L&M did nothing wrong. The brand is going well. In Germany, the growth has -- it's still growing, but it has slowed down a little bit. But that's fine with me it's recuperated with Marlboro. And then when you go over to Spain, well, in Spain, the declines there in Spain are actually linked to brands that absorb part of the minimum tax today there. I'm talking about brands that fell at less than EUR 3.55. This is today the kick-in with minimum tax. That kick-in actually is going to EUR 3.77 of September 1. So I look forward to that date.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I would say that I just admitted that they have had a real hit with the highly mentholated product that has come out under Mild Seven. We have [indiscernible] had a series of very good ones, too. We will keep on working on our new launches, and being competitive in the market. A onetime hit does not change this plan.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Honestly, to the contrary, although you might further elaborate thereafter, to the contrary, I have big hopes that illicit trade will come further down in Canada because the province of Ontario has declared that they are essentially copying the measures that the province of Québec had implemented, was it now 2 years ago, which have brought quite a bit of volume back into the legal tax-paying market. So as the enforcements in Ontario kicks in and the total illicit trade in Ontario is estimated to be about 4 billion cigarettes, so quite a bit of that could come through and the legal market could benefit from that. So honestly, I would expect the opposite going forward in Canada.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes. In the second quarter on Marlboro ClearTaste, there is, of course -- and now we talk shipment numbers. We don't talk Nielsen numbers, we talk shipment numbers. It's still, of course, a pipelining effect, bringing the product to the distributor, and from there, into wholesale and retail trade. The volume, total volume increase in the EEMA region in the quarter was 3.8 billion cigarettes. Out of that, roughly 10% has been Marlboro ClearTaste. So yes, it's there. It's some pipelining effect, but it's just 10% of the overall growth.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes, our latest estimate is that illicit trade has come down by about 3 percentage points, national average from 20% actually to 17%. That's our latest estimate, these are of course by definition always estimates. So the 4% growth that you quoted, that's actually a good estimate for the full year. So I would expect the total market to be in the range of 95 billion cigarettes.
Hermann G. Waldemer: [indiscernible] There's a multitude of factors at play here. There were the price increases that we have seen, several ones that you remember. There is now -- there hasn't been a price increase now for a while, and the VAT threat has been avoided. Then in terms of comparisons, it was also a question of how much volume is in retail trades. But at the end of the day, that's the best estimate we have coming out of the Spanish market. Can it be 11%? Can it be 12%? It could, but we talk something around 10% for the full year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I mean, on plain packaging, you have actually mentioned 2 of the 3 developments in that area. The WTO claim of the DR that has now officially filed a request for consultation with Australia, actually, I believe yesterday or the day before yesterday. That adds another country and it adds more doubt and pressure into the procedure. We continue to be optimistic that more countries will actually follow that example, so that put simply more weight into the WTO claims between those governments. On the U.K., the extension of the consultation period by another month now to mid-August because that was supposed to end mid-July, is simply driven that a lot of people have made submissions and continue to make submissions to the government. I take it as a sign that the government is serious about their evaluation efforts in that process. And if that is all happening on a rational basis -- and I continue to think that this is the case, then I would also expect that the U.K. government comes to the same rational conclusion as they came 2.5 years ago not to implement. The third new element, the new one is actually under the bilateral investment treaty claim that Philip Morris has. The first procedural hearing is actually now scheduled for July 30 in Singapore.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. Remember, when we were here at the first quarter call, there we had had the press statement of the Finance Minister and the Deputy Prime Minister that they will address the excise tax structure. That has happened. The Council of Ministers has authorized specific tax to be implemented to an amount of up to 20% of the minimum excise tax. The timing and the actual percentage and amounts, that's still to be defined, but I would expect it still this year. So I think that is a positive development and a sign of rationality in the whole process.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, first of all, I mean, really, I mean, not even the quarter [indiscernible] year-to-date. Yes, for Asia, I have to pick the hurdle out. But excluding the hurdle in Asia, Marlboro is up 0.24 to 6.2%. That's all year-to-date June numbers. In the EU, it's up 0.3 to 18.4. In EEMA, it's up 0.1 to 6.9, despite still measured by Nielsen declines in Russia. Latin America, up 0.4 to 14.2. So yes, it's growing. It's also growing in terms of shipments. So even year-to-date, excluding -- including the hurdle, it's up 1.7. Excluding the hurdle, it's up 2.9. And if I then move over to really to the big markets, where it's really substantially up, then you have there -- first of all, I would think of Mexico. It's growing -- I mean, the quarter, 1.2 percentage points to 53.2. I mean, the brand is in terrific shape there. It's growing by 0.9% in Poland. In Poland, you see a phenomenon that the top 10 brands really capture more and more of the market volume, and you see a consolidation into fewer brands. That's clear uptrading [ph] potential for us and for a Marlboro [indiscernible] element there. Germany, we talked about earlier on the call. Italy, it's growing despite recessionary environment. And 0.3 percentage point to 4.5 in Indonesia, given the size of the Indonesian market, it's quite some volume. Then you go to those markets where Marlboro is actually down, and there are very specific reasons in there, understandable reasons, which are not there to be forever. Korea, it's down 0.9 to 7.7, while that is clearly driven by our price increases that we implemented and we compare still to the periods that we had price advantage versus international competitors and were at par with the Korean competitors. In France, it's down 0.8 in the quarter to 25.2, very simply driven by the fact that Marlboro is the only big brand who is retailing at above EUR 6. There are a lot of brands retail below EUR 6. As I mentioned earlier, there's a price increase coming up in France. And in Spain, the decline -- in such a recessionary environment, what else could we expect? But take it all together, driven by the innovation, driven by new campaigns, driven by better execution on the marketing and sales level, a new commercial approach, Marlboro is doing well. Pockets of weakness like Russia exist, and we work on those. I'm very positive on Marlboro overall.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I mean, there is many markets in there. And as I said earlier, Germany is just -- I think it's the most flagrant example there. I mean, you had Q2 down by 5.2, whereas year-to-date, it's down by 1.3. And our full-year estimate for the German market is down 1.5. So you have this technical reason in the second quarter where in Q2 2011, you compare to an up of 4.6%. These are comps. Let's not get hung up too much really on quarters. Year-to-date trends are the more reliable indicator. I'm not talking it rosy here. Yes, EU region is not easy, but there is no reason to believe that the EU region is now going to be down 10% for the rest of the year. It's not going to be down 10% for the year, it's going to be down in the range of where the year-to-date is, which is anything around 6.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. I mean, what we see there really is about 2%, 2.5%. 2.5%, I think, is the most realistic number of the kilo prices going up. The drought in the U.S., I mean, this is a worldwide business. One individual geography does not change total trends. So maybe marginally but not substantially.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Vietnam, remember, we have kind of restructured a bit our business set up there last year, which has given us a better influence on marketing and sales of our products. We are actually from a very low place, almost doubling volumes in that market, but admittedly from a low base. We concentrate on the 5 or 6 big cities. The best example that highlights the future growth potential is actually that in the city of Hanoi, we now have a market share of about 15%. So there's plenty of possibility going forward. Thailand is a bit more a volatile environment where we are up against a well-protected Thai monopoly. But we have good trends there, but it's a bit more complicated there, I would say.
Hermann G. Waldemer: In Indonesia, the way we implement pricing in Indonesia is actually that we increased several times over the year. That can be anything between 5 to 8x on average per year. Our trading price is into the wholesale trade. So it's not like in many other places where you have whatever an excise increase and the morning thereafter all the prices changes. So Indonesia has constant pricing throughout the year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Let me start with Indonesia. As I said [indiscernible] before, I mean, we don't -- nobody can expect continued share growth in the range of 3 percentage points all the way along. We have said that this is going to slow down a bit. But that being said, I'm just convinced that we have the best company there, we have the best brands, we have great management, we have great employees, we have great distribution. We're just doing extremely well. And overall, the pricing environment is rational, the government, yes, is increasing excise taxes every year but has not done that for years in a disruptive manner. So the elements are all there for a very positive performance to continue in the Indonesian market. And then for your first question on the overall guidance, I mean, let me answer that way. We are all very pleased to see that our Asian growth engine is now complemented by very strong performance also in Eastern Europe.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Russia, by its sheer size, of course, is the most important market in the EEMA region. But there is also Turkey, there is also Ukraine, there is Kazakhstan, there is North Africa, there is the GCC countries, which are also very prosperous countries with growing population and growing purchasing power. So there are many places in that region. Of course Russia is the most important but there are many others.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Honestly, I don't think so because when it comes to pricing, then the first thing you need to think about is excise tax, and governments all across Europe have been rational. I think there can't be a more convincing example of the very recent one in Spain that disruptive measures do not maximize excise revenues, but regular moderate steps maximize excise revenues. That is, at the same time, the best not only for the governments, but also the best for industry competitors like ours. So I do not see a change in the rational environment. You have seen a continuation of that rational environment. If you look back over the last 2 years, the European crisis is already going on for a little longer and then the last 6 months. And I see no sign why that all of a sudden would turn and change into an unreasonable environment. I can't see that.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I mean, on Lark in Japan, let me put it this way. Lark is more of a traditional brand, more of a Japanese brand, as funny as that might sound. And that's why it's probably a little bit more vulnerable than a truly international brand like Marlboro is. That's why successful launches of competitors, as the one I was quoting, probably is putting more of a dent into a Lark than it eventually could put into a Marlboro. That being said, it has been a big growth driver last year. So everything has 2 sides. So we did have a lot of additional smokers into Lark during the special situation, the crisis of last year. In terms of NGPs, there's really nothing new to report compared to our presentations that we had at our Investor Day, really, only a month ago.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I'd like to close with some personal remarks here. It was an exciting journey over the last 5 years, which started with preparing the spinoff, the spinoff itself, and then life as an independent company. Quoted at the stock exchange has been a wonderful period of my life. It was a great pleasure for me to work with you all. And more importantly, to get to know you, the analysts following our company and many of our investors. Let me thank you for your confidence and trust over these years. I will certainly remain a shareholder of PMI because it's simply a superb company, and I hope to get a chance to see you again in the future. Thank you, and all the best to all of you.
