Hermann Waldemer: Yes, you're right. I mean, the situation in Russia is encouraging. We see clear signs of improvement. The down trading is not fully yet over, but it's substantially improving. And if we look at kind of the decline rate of the Premium segment in Q1, that was still down by 12.2%. I'm talking our volume share. In this quarter, it's minus 3.3%. The mid-segment, which was down in Q1 11% was now down by the 6% only, but still, but only in the second quarter. So that is a clear, clear sequential improvement. Let's see how it shakes out going forward. Overall, measured unemployment in Russia is down to 7.3%. It's the last May year-to-date number I have seen. That was 8.4% before. So it's substantial improvement. Also, in terms of total market size, I would expect at least a stable market for the full year, despite the recent price increases that we have implemented.
Hermann Waldemer: There are, I would say, about on average, old price volumes in the market of duration of about 1.5 months. So there is still no effective forestalling regulation in place. That’s why we have that situation. I mean, the market reaction, you remember, I mean, it's still very affordable in the Ukraine overall, but we had a number of consecutive steep price increases. So total market, I mean, nominally in Q2 was only down 3%, yet we’re down [ph] (0:36:52) -- to date, it's down 11%. I think we will still look in the third quarter results at double-digit market decline. Overall, situations will improve also in the Ukraine at a slower pace than Russia, that's for sure, but it will improve. So GDP in the first quarter that I've seen, the last number was up 4.9%. Inflation is now down now to 8%, 8.5% year-on-year May. But the employment is still high at 9%. So it will come there was as well, but it will take longer.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, I mean, essentially the 3.4 is the inventory buildup, because that's the number, the really hard number, what was the inventory at same period as last year, and what is it now? So therefore, I mean, essentially, it’s at least the $3.4 billion cigarettes numbers to take into account. You will see quite a bit of inventory de-loads because of additional consumer demand but also, of course, also of additional retailer purchases in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter will, of course, come also the overall market reaction of consumers, then, to those new prices and that's the harder impact to predict. Essentially, I must say, they’re not really new insights to when we discussed a month ago. The negative remains the high percentage retail price increase. And the positive remains that even in the JPY 400 price range, prices in Japan will still be very affordable, given the purchasing power of the Japanese consumer.
Hermann Waldemer: No. The shipment is our sales into the distributor, and I would say our inventories that we have built up now are sufficient to cover both the consumer demand and the retailer demand. Therefore, I mean, the consumer-increased demand in the third quarter will be reflected in the inventory reductions but will not anymore be reflected in the shipments on our side, i.e. therefore, in our financials.
Hermann Waldemer: I mean, the inventory buildup in Japan, the brands contribute to that buildup essentially according to their market shares in the market. Then more broadly, your Marlboro question I thought was Japan, but your question is broader. I will go to other markets there as well. I mean, in Japan, Marlboro is doing well. It is up 0.2% a share to 10.8%. It has about double the young-adults smokers share than its actual market share. But it's not the only place where we see nice improvements in share increases of Marlboro. Give you a couple of examples: Korea would be up 1.2% share points to 6.8%; Poland would be up 0.7% to 10.2%; the Netherlands is up 0.8% to 34.7%; Italy is up 0.3% to 23%; Argentina, to go into Latin America as well, is up at 0.3% to 23.4%. So there is really good trends in many different places around the world. And we, of course, still also have a couple of places in the world where we have to continue on our work and with the good work that has been done there. The ones where Marlboro is really down is first of all those markets which were really hit by the economy, like Turkey, Greece and Spain. Turkey is down 2.5 share points to 8.1; Greece down 3.7 to 19.3; and Spain is down 0.6 to 14.8. So that is really the economy that drives the down trading in those markets. And then there is Germany, where we now are down to a share of 21.6, which is, however, sequentially stable over the last couple of months. That is not the economy. That is simply an overall price-sensitive market overall, where it’s really a bit more difficult to act. On the other hand, if you are being very successful in that market with L&M, which is our answer to the market situation there.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, I can. The request for Lark and Philip Morris is up JPY 110 to JPY 410 plus tax. Virginia Slims, Marlboro, up JPY 120 to JPY 440. And the king-size variants of Parliament also up JPY 120 to JPY 450. The 100 versions actually retail even JPY 20 higher, we have requested JPY 470.
Hermann Waldemer: What it is, it is the market number we see there, I mean, there are a couple of onetime effects in there, the results already, a lot of talking going on about the price increases, although they have not even materialized in the market yet. I'd say for that quarter, it's probably the number is rather 5% than 7%.
Hermann Waldemer: There will be a certain inventory level, then, on September 30 or October 1, okay, at the distributor. The additional value arising from the price increase of those inventories accrues to us. And that will be then reflected in adjustments of the selling prices in October. So therefore, this is an effect in our P&L in the fourth quarter. The inventories held by the retailers, that added value is actually to the benefit of the retailers.
Hermann Waldemer: No, because we don't know yet what really what the additional consumer demand will be and how much additional volume will go into retail. But there will be substantial number of volumes to lift.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I mean, we have -- as we've said, we have a number of places around the world where Marlboro is just doing well. I mean, this is principally in Asia, which as I said in my prepared remarks, is kind of the growth engine for Marlboro. So that's where you probably get the most. It’s not in Asia, you will also see some in the markets, which would be Latin America, also in Latin America, then in Mexico. So it goes through a broad range of markets, I would say. It kind of goes along with my earlier remarks on where Marlboro is doing really well and where, due to economy or price sensitivity, Marlboro, there is still some work needed on the brand.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, it is. It is in manufacturing cost. It is in leaf, in Indonesian leaf. It is also, I think, in cloves, so these are really the cost increases. It’s in the manufacturing area.
Hermann Waldemer: I would say, roughly, the situation in Greece has been a 3% drag on the OCI growth rate of the EU region in the quarter.
Hermann Waldemer: So Canada first. The market, actually, the legal market in the second quarter, up 20%. There was an additional effect in there, which were price increases actually, due to the harmonization of the provincial and federal sales tax in Ontario and Québec. So if you take an estimate for that effect out, then the increase is still about 15%. That compares to 10.5% in the first quarter. I think, together, if enforcement that I, of course, dearly hope will continue to increase, increases should be possible further. It will not be forever 15%, though. Then on the Philippines, well, on the volume, this is, of course -- we will separate that out until the year has left and that then this becomes part of the organic and underlying business. So it will continue until then. For the Philippines itself, maybe let me add a word there. It’s going really well. The market is growing, expected to grow 8% to 10% for the full year. Marlboro is going strong in the market, benefiting from improved distribution, so -- it has a share of market of 21% there. The integration is going really well. Cost-saving potential that we saw before the acquisition, more and more is confirmed. We see that, for example, in terms of tobacco usage. So it's going well. It's going nicely. I'm very happy with this business combination in the Philippines.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, pricing is always a little bit skewed or very much skewed towards the beginning of the year because this is when governments makes their budgets. And this is then when our pricing decisions follow those governmental budget decisions. So I would only -- I always have to limit myself to the actuals here. You have seen that we just announced a price increase in the Russian market or implementing a price increase in the Russian market. Let me put it this way, we are fully on track with our pricing plans to achieve the results that are reflected in our EPS guidance.
Hermann Waldemer: Yes, that we have a higher amount so far that is driven by the old share repurchase program that we finished in April. So that was a higher going rate in there. The decision is to be in the range of $4 billion for the full year. That's still the plan.
Hermann Waldemer: It's still a pending process, an ongoing process. We don't have a decision yet. I would say the outcome is open.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, in the German market, there is a little bit of an increase, maybe a percentage point or something in the broader sales. So that is 20%, 21%, right now, of consumption in the German market. From market increases in the other markets, no, I don't see.
Hermann Waldemer: Let me close, just couple of remarks then. I think we have had another strong quarter. Our underlying business is there, pricing power continues. We are competitive in the marketplace. And thanks to our global footprint, we are able to compensate excise tax hiccups, which we are managing through. And based on the currency at prevailing rates, that situation looks a bit better, hence the increase in our guidance. Thank you very much. I'll hand it back to Nick.
