Jacek Olczak: Well, Bill, to be frank I'm sure am thinking Indonesia can have all three, i.e., can be a volume, revenue and a bottom-line OCI growth target. We still remain confident in the longer run, Indonesia total market can be in the growth rate over somewhere around 1%, 1% to 2%. We have said it on a number of occasions in the past that depends on the macroeconomic factors which may impact temporarily the purchasing power, et cetera. The market may have some slowdown, I think what we observed, that we forecast to observe this year, due to the – a bit of a – the softer – due to the softer economy, et cetera. Then Indonesia maybe go into some decline this year. But pricing remains strong. The cost outlook for Indonesia, I mean, it seems pretty positive. And therefore, we're very confident that this year as in the years in the past, I mean Indonesia, not only will it grow double-digit bottom line, but also, can remain a very significant contributor to overall PMI performance. So I'm very positive on Indonesia, both in the short and the longer term. But, as many developing economies, they might have some periods of a relative slowdown, and then as you know they will go to acceleration.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean I think it's pretty obvious if you look at to what the price increase our key competitor has announced earlier this quarter. So we in some part are also reacting of – to the price moves announced or registered by others. So I think it's pretty obvious why we just selected that part of the portfolio.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think actually, if I talk historically, I mean, the EU had a relatively good mix, a relatively low mix. I think it's maybe there are some movements in timing of movements between our countries. I think the biggest challenge which we'll have to compete with, if you like, in the quarter was essentially coming, the lack of a pricing variance from Korea, and that's on a total PMI basis and obviously weighted quite largely on the Asia regions. If I would add a lack of the pricing – or extra gain from Korea, our revenue would be in a 4.5% growth territory and this is still despite a pretty challenging comp from Q1 over last year. So I think it's mostly the price which was driving the revenues and obviously also the bottom line there. And then obviously, you have a couple of comps which were coming from outside the EU region, that were coming mostly from the volume. I mean Russia, both total market and especially PMI performance, so they're completely different comps. And Indonesia and Asia also contributed.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we targeted 20 markets to be present with iQOS on the city level, on the national level by the year-end. I mean, clearly the Japanese performance is – and I could say it like this: it comes with our expectations, and our expectations are very high and our expectations are rising as we speak. So clearly, the focus today is to satisfy the full demand in Japan. I would like to remind that we operating this year with not fully accessible capacity because the factory in Polonia, our greenfield construction will be completed somewhere towards the end of this year. But so far, I think our plans are absolutely valid for this year and we're very excited, not only by Japan. I mean, we have said on – I have said in my presentations also, very good results which we achieved so far in the French-speaking part of Switzerland, but that's very encouraging. And in all places which we have make iQOS available today, we approaching or actually exceeding the conversions rate, which we are – at this stage achieving in Japan. So, it's – it's a lot of fine-tuning of the conversion model, of the route-to-market, route-to-consumer, and I think we're on the very strong progress on this side. So we're very encouraged by the results.
Jacek Olczak: Actually, you're always asking for lot of details, right? Look, let me put it this way, absent the iQOS partially comps but also increased investment, I guess the cost for the quarter would come about flat. Essentially that would be flat. So all the cost growth in the quarter you could – one could attribute it to the investment behind iQOS. It's obviously on ex-currency, always on ex-currency basis. To give a bit more light into how we see the quarters going forward, we still are to confirm that our outlook for the total costs for the year, and this is now all-inclusive again on ex-currency basis or conventional and RRP, Reduced-Risk Products on ex-currency basis, the cost outlook still remains at about 1% for the full year. So we'll have, obviously, some comps issues in the quarters. If you look at the pacing of our growth rate, if I take it on an EPS level, second, third, fourth quarter, look, as much as we would be explaining the difficult comps in the Q1 of this year, I mean, clearly we will all have a different situation, 180 degrees different situations in Q4 of this year. So obviously one should expect there quite a strong, very strong actually growth rate on EPS level in Q4. And in Q2 and in Q3, we will be going somewhere below obviously the guidance which we gave for the full year. This will very much also depend on the timing of some expenses, et cetera. I think revenue line is going be cruising closer to what we said is for the full year, so somewhere in a corridor of a 5% to 6% quarter this year versus the quarters of the last year. We should see the evolutions of our revenue. So it's much more the differences which we have in comps coming from the investment, partially behind the conventional, but very much obviously driven by the deployment of iQOS.
Jacek Olczak: Look, the way we look, I look at this – the EU region is that I still would maintain that all of our parameters staying equal, EU is in a sort, or should be in a sort of a secular decline of 1% to 2% per annum, okay? And I think obviously when you had the recovery of the illicit trade, which you had some – much of this pressure from the fine-cut products, some recovery from electronic E-Vapor products, electronic cigarettes, I mean that we could see that these trends could be better than the secular trend. And then, we all reading, watching the same news, and we all hear about the immigrations. I mean that these things are getting into a bit larger scale, at least recently. It's difficult to put a number, how much does this contribute to the volume fluctuations. But this will be difficult to deny at this stage at least that there is some impact of that fig. I mean, we recognize it – I recognized it in my remarks, but as much as I am willing, and you know me, on many occasions to give more details, I can't offer you a number. But there is some impact. Clearly there is some positive impact on the EU from immigration.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think actually the cost in Indonesia if you take the – it's – what's in the market, it's somehow at the level or somewhere at the level of last year, you know, they're actually better off. And remember that what hits our P&L is the cost going through the – through the balance sheet for the inventories, right? So if you – obviously, for obvious reasons, we'll not disclose how long the inventories do we have but that impact is not immediately going through the P&L. It takes some while to impact our cost. But the input costs in general for Indonesia is at this stage pretty positive, I mean, a stable positive. So therefore it's another compounding factor supporting our thesis with Indonesia, our business in Indonesia can grow at a double-digit bottom line.
Jacek Olczak: Sure. I think everyone is – we don't see anything abnormal in the speed or frequency, if you like, of the pricing being taken in Indonesia. Obviously, with some positive adjustments due to the size of the – or relatively higher size of excise passed on – they'll pass on, which our industry was confronted this year. So I think as an industry, if I follow what the competition price moves are there, there's nothing really abnormal taking there. Obviously the prices are going a little bit higher due to this, as I mentioned, as a higher pass-on to be passed to consumers. Now the four extra stick price segment, of some four-stick discounting which has happened there, that segment of extra four sticks in the pipe which was sold at the price of the competitor's product with the four sticks less was therefore some time, I think, until the relatively late – okay, let's say maybe second half of the last year, the segment was at about 3% to 4% if I am not mistaken, size of the total market. So it is a segment that's not very sizable segment. We have our more sizable segments in the market. This accelerated I think due to some offerings or introductions from some competitors. We're not very active in that segment. I think our recent, the most recent reading of the size of the segment is somewhere in the range of 9%, maybe slightly above 9%. So it's growing. It accelerated the growth recently. I think in that environment when the consumer is confronted with the frequent price increases and maybe of a slightly higher nature than in the past, clearly some form of a price also discounting, I mean, it might be attractive to some consumers. So that puts obviously especially if you look into the quarterly shares, the monthly shares, they put a pressure on some of our propositions in the market. But – and I mean, overall I would think it's like a manageable situation.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we are still comparing ourself to relatively late part of the – our – period of our performance in Asia – sorry, in Australia. I think Q4 2014, first quarter of 2015, however, we still were a little bit in a more – we're in a much more difficult situations in Australia. Australia is not a drag, neither nor in the quarter. No, I would think in our outlook for the full year, that sort of a drag would not even near the drag which we have had in the past periods. I mean the situation, I think the price increase at least, taking this at its face value as it is now, why the price announcement versus the excise increase, we'll have to see how it develops. But it seems that the dynamics in terms of the deep discount growth segment combined with these price increases from us and competitors might be a couple of steps in the right direction. So while I'm getting very cautiously more optimistic on Australia, but it's still, some time to go. But I think that the worst is definitely far behind us.
Jacek Olczak: I think we should expect something as always in Japan I think within 90 days, if I am not mistaken. That's about the time period when the MOF has to come back with a decision. And to be very frank with you, that price in Japan, the price increase of a 10 yen on the – on these two brands, is not fully factored in our guidance. But let me remind you that if the prices are approved, they will go into the market in the later part of the year. And as you know, guidance has a number of variable components, and this will – we'll see how it unfolds. But factually this pricing is not in our guidance.
Jacek Olczak: Well, big part of this cost we have incurred in the Q3, very much Q4 actually of last year. I mean, perchance you remember we've had these – we make these decisions actually to preempt debt spending and some of these preparations calls – when it calls, to the product retooling machines, et cetera. It's a number of a cost buckets, which we'll have to cover, we decided already to take in 2015 – in the 2015. I think we were prepared. You know, each of the biggest challenges that obviously this directive does not hit due to the transition periods, which were put by the different member states, the transition periods are different in the different member states. So logistically it is quite an exercise. They might be, it doesn't have to happen, but it might be that there will be some distortions on a shipment level. I don't think it's going to obviously impact the consumption or retail uptake, but there might be some difference on a shipment level in the quarters going forward. But it's difficult, frankly speaking, to predict. There are a number of formats which will have to be replaced, one format has to cease its existence at retail level, has to be replaced by the same cigarette but in a different pack format, et cetera. So it's more of the logistic supply chain type of a stretch at this stage rather than anything else. I don't think structurally it's going to change our outlook in terms of our performance, both on the top and bottom line for the EU region.
Jacek Olczak: I mean, I will start with the total market. I mean, the first quarter, again, as many quarters of last year came pretty strong on a total industry size. I think 6% is clearly on the low side of one could expect from the market. We have a 20%, 23% on a weighted basis, price increases. So clearly, the elasticities are still on a – what I used to call attractive side, i.e., minus 0.3, minus 0.5, somewhere in this territory. So that's good. Market share, I mean, it seems that this year we are a little bit faster than competitions with rolling out the prices, or maybe actually competition is a bit slower versus us in lowering of the prices. It's presumably a more appropriate description of the situation. Look, Russia also compares this year versus pretty strong share advancement last year. So 20 basis points, 30 basis points sort of a share pressure. I mean, it doesn't really disturb us dramatically. I mean, that the more important it is that the total volume of the industry somehow seems on a stronger size, relative again to the price increases. In our portfolio – and the downtrading in the market, so our brands' performance and the downtrading in the market, I mean, it goes frankly speaking in line of – what we would be expecting. It is not – we don't see acceleration of a downtrading. You have this medium to value segment sort of one share point to – up to two share points year-on-year fluctuations or difference there. I mean, our brand's performing in their respective segments pretty strong. So I think the outlook in terms, again, on the profitability, which I guess is the most important at this stage, I mean, is pretty positive. And yes, we might have some sort of occasional share pressure, but it is more as I said also in my remarks, it's more the timing of whose products going to hit first the market with the price increase. Nothing structural.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean we try to look at this stage of the – I guess the two product propositions separately. There are challenges which we are facing on our combustible business and we're trying to get the right portfolio of innovations into the market to address that problem. I think the launch of the Parliament Crystal Blast towards the end of first quarter, which is an operating initiative which we're bringing to address the pressure which we'll have in this new taste menthol category, the capsule product, et cetera. So by no means, we are refocusing our attention from a combustible to iQOS. Now, having said so, the story of iQOS is getting more and more exciting every time we look at the results from Japan. Now, I have to admit one thing; this is not that we are trying to mask somehow our performance in the conventional business. However, 0.8%, if I take the offtake shares from the places where iQOS is available today in Japan and I recalculate this to have an equivalent in-market sales market share to compare it to what we refer to on the conventional business, 0.8% in a quarter, knowing that there was a cannibalizations from my own portfolio and very much skewed towards Marlboro, I would guess if we just assume that half of that or close to half of that was for the cannibalization, clearly, iQOS already has an impact also on my conventional share performance. If I would just, as I said earlier, apply that or to use that number to explain the market share performance of Marlboro, about half of the Marlboro decline, I could – I should actually attribute to the iQOS cannibalization. It's a good cannibalization. However, this is what we might observe for some time. So, Judy, we're trying to address both conventional and both RRP, but we do have to recognize that it might be some of these interactions between both categories.
Jacek Olczak: No. I don't think, Judy, you're missing anything. We didn't do anything on the euro for the hedges which would have an impact. I think it's just – I guess it's just the timing. We always operate with a third of our quarterly numbers, but the end of the day, it's a sum of the parts of the monthly exchange rates which we use for the – for our P&L for our income statement. Maybe it's just the timing of – euro was pretty volatile, pretty dynamic in terms of the depreciation last year. Maybe it's just the comps between the year – between both quarters.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we had – well, at the beginning of the year, always when we give the hedge coverage, we're about a 70-or-so percent. So clearly, I mean, there might be a moment – and we always hedge, as you remember, 12 months to 18 months ahead. So, it's not 100% of the yen positions or cash flows which are hedged for this year, but a very, very significant portion of the yen projected cash flows are hedged. Maybe what's going to – what will help you is that some of the hedges are executed in the form of calls and put options, right, the collar option strategy, which not necessarily have to have an impact if we see the development of the year of the yen going outside the bracket. And only some of that is done for the forwards, okay? Forwards, obviously, you can't walk away. But with that collar options, you have some flexibility, so you can take an advantage of what is the spot rate can be.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. Yes. Well, as I said, I mean, because we always look 12 months, 18 months ahead, there is already some portion of the 2017 expected cash flows from Japan for – in yen which hedged. But obviously, they hedge also at the rate which are more corresponding to the – some of them to the more recent relative strengthening of the yen.
Jacek Olczak: It's a very reasonable assumption. You will still have a small, relative to the first quarter, small drag from Korea, but relatively not smaller than what we had in the first quarter. But the pricing in Asia in the quarter, okay, obviously masked by the Korea, but we had a very strong pricing in Indonesia, we had a pricing in Philippines, when we had a pricing in a few other locations. So, overall, I mean, Asia should be at a much better pricing level or price realizations level, which what you just saw in the Q1.
Jacek Olczak: I think we need to adjust for the marketing and the overall commercial environment which we have in Japan versus what we've had in Switzerland or Italy or many other places. And this is – covers the trade channels, what I call route to the customer, route to the trade, et cetera. So I think we're adjusting this one and trying to figure it out such a composition of the – all available to our blogs, which were the result. We've had manageable level of spending, if you like, versus the conversion rates which we can achieve. Now, Italy is – I think we're going to crack the Italy also this year. And I remain very positive on this despite the fact that for the couple of quarters, they're all – we're talking about the 0.2% market share. I mean that's not much of an issue I think, frankly speaking, in this stage. If I look what we have achieved and achieving in part of Switzerland and as you noticed, we, in some places, going deliberately very focused in order to nail down the model properly on the smaller territory, and then when we feel comfortable, we explode. I mean, let me remind you, I mean, we had, as you remember, the market shares conversions rate which we had at Nagoya at the time of the city test, right, of the test market. And no one at – if you were to look at that progression of the share development in Nagoya, you wouldn't figure it out that we can accelerate the conversions and the market share to the levels which we have in the 60% of Japan, including Tokyo and other main cities. So I think we're trying to get comfortable in the smaller territory that we know that we can amplify it and explode, and – or amplify the right components of our marketing mix, broadly marketing mix, and then we go to the national level. And it's actually – it's in a part of a, obviously, higher cost spend, higher investment, but more prudently invested into something which really gives you a proper result. So – and I am excited about Japan, but very excited about Switzerland, and I am sure we're going to demonstrate later on this year, what we can do in Italy as well.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think we get a better reading at the market or on the total region level when it comes to the illicit trade. I mean it's obviously always an estimate, well, because the methodologies were equally applied from year-on-year. I think we have a better comfort about saying that, yes, there is a contributions of the illicit trade. And that contributions goes in a, I guess, in a – well, it depends now versus what period, but you're talking about the few couple points of growth is coming from illicit trade. Now, you will have to zoom into Germany, which presumably has a much larger impact than, for example, UK when the illicit trade is still on the growth. Italy had good results. I mean, Southern Europe actually is doing better. As you know, the recent moves also over the last few months of some reinforcing the border controls or reintroducing, actually, the border controls in between that, some EU states, EU market and also outside, I mean, they clearly are another factor which also contributes to tightening the domestic tax paid market. I always give a example of Turkey, which I know is outside Europe, but Turkey has reduced illicit trade year-on-year by about 10 points, 11 points, which is about half. I mean Turkish market normally wouldn't be growing – or Turkish consumption, if you like, wouldn't be growing by 10% or 11%. We're talking about the industry tax paid volumes growing to this magnitude, and this is clearly the recovery coming from a 10 points, 11 points almost of the recovery from illicit trade. So, yes, you'll see the correlations. And – but I said to one of the questions earlier, it's more comfortable for us to talk about the illicit trade because there's quite a lot of data available or estimates available, and you can deduct with a high dose of a probability that this is a contributing factor. Immigration is more something which we hear about from a – reading the newspapers, et cetera. But clearly, there are movements in this location of population, immigrations, et cetera. In some places, I think they do have a factor, they do have an impact on the industry here.
Jacek Olczak: And E-Vapor, well, if you look where the product was in some places like Italy, for example, a year or so ago, and you know how much was the trial, which at least temporarily took consumers from a conventional cigarette, and where these products are today, I mean they're cruising somewhere at the 1% or below even 1% market share in most of the places. I mean, clearly, those consumers get back to the conventional cigarette. So this again, you will have to go into market-by-market basis. What is happening, as you know, the e-cigarette category does not attract a lot of loyalty to the category itself. There's a lot of dual usage, dual consumption, most of the time, so far, leading to consumer turning its back to E-Cigarettes and coming back to the conventional product.
