Jacek Olczak: Thank you, Emmanuel. Overall, we are very pleased to have delivered excellent growth in last year in 2021 with a strong underlying momentum for IQOS as well as the record adjusted EPS, net revenues and cash generation. In the consistent quality and sustainability of our organic top and bottom line delivery has been clearly demonstrated over the last two years, which I believe we all acknowledge with pretty to volunteers. With an improving outlook for device supply, although still were an element of agility, the exceptional initial success of ILUMA and the number of innovations and growth initiatives. We look forward to 2022 with a tremendous excitement. At the same time, we're building -- we will be building our development capabilities in wellness and healthcare for targeted investment in order to support the next driver of our long-term growth. Our balance sheet is strong, and we have increased cash returns to shareholders through a higher dividend and our share repurchase program, in line with our objective to deliver sustainable value and returns to investors as we continue our smoke-free transformation. In short, we continue to see a bright future of our business. Following a very strong 2021, we remain confident in our '21 to '23 growth targets and in our ambition to be majority smoke-free by net revenues in 2025. Thank you all for your attention. Emmanuel and myself will be happy to answer your questions.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. So Bonnie, as we're working on the -- bringing the manufacturing capacity for IQOS on the U.S. territory. And that's our main mitigation plan or reaction plan to where we are today post the ITC event. As we said, we think that the summer at the beginning of the next year, we should be in a position to resume the shipments in the U.S. As we and the Altria is this close, we have some disagreements with regards whether Altria has fulfilled the certain milestones in the current contract, and we're currently in negotiations or discussions with Altria to resolve it. And so, I believe in a good faith, we should be finding some solutions. I wouldn't do know beyond speculating what other options and how we would approach the IQOS going forward in the U.S. I mean, our partner results, and I think we should see some amicable solution between both partners. Now I have said it on a number of occasions in the U.S. market is as a few other markets in which we have a very negligible and more presence of strategic importance. So obviously, you've heard us in the past, I believe that that pre-ITC ruling IQOS performance in U.S. and you know how we perform with IQOS across all essential geographies I mean it's really well below what I would expect at this stage or characterize the potential of IQOS. And if I take into this, the fact that this is then inhalable FDA authorized product, you don't really have a competition and the size of the market, et cetera, I think it's fair to say that the expectations were much beyond where we are today. But I will stop here and I believe we will find a good resolution, which will, on the one hand, enable the American smokers, cigarette smokers to have our access to that technology, and also something which will be accretive to us with the partners' results there.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. Look, the Q4, reacceleration of coming back to the previous user growth is highly encouraging. I just confirmed that IQOS had that ability of a continued growth. Obviously, it's very much hinges on the fact that though we have unrestricted availability of the devices. And remember IQOS today has had a heat-not-burn propositions, which we have today consist of the few versions of IQOS blade product. I should mention real product coming through the other partnership with TMG and IQOS ILUMA. And all of that also rather create certain portfolio of proposition for the various target in the various consumers growth. So we regain a little bit of a flexibility of recomposing the full portfolio in Q4. And hence, Europe we've all seen the spectacular regain in the user acquisition. It is somehow reflected in our 4% to 6% growth target and the heated tobacco unit target for this year that for how many months or for many weeks in a year, we think we can have unrestricted access to the full product portfolio of the devices very much. I believe that actual IQOS can fly is higher if we're in the unrestricted moot, but some have in the product as for the next year, we should have bigger scenario, which is maybe more on the moderate side, et cetera. If this was the -- if we wouldn't have all these constraints coming from a device as a couple of other things in the supply chain, I believe would be looking at the different numbers. But at this stage, it's difficult to start taking this into something which we think we can we can deliver. So I think I'm saying the IQOS has a higher potential that growth rate, but when you really have to be the moment when we can go unconstrained. Needless to say that part of our growth is coming from Asia region. And although European Union was less than part of the one that you like, seems like it's moving COVID behind, we're still not at the stage in Japan and a few other locations. So we also have to start factoring this in. But I'm very optimistic that we can deliver 2022 and frankly speaking, knowing how much headwind we need to take on our test in 2022. I start looking actually excited about the '23.
Jacek Olczak: Well, there it. But the whole process is -- I think it deserves separate conversations about the patent laws and the processes around this whole thing and unfortunately, we have to cope with this. I mean, every, we prevail on the invalidation of some patents, obviously, the other party, in this case, if they have a right to repeal. So the whole process is really extended in time. And by -- you need another couple of years, frankly speaking, until you have when of the parties actually can claim the full victory. Then you have to go to the ITC and establish the restrictions, if you like, which are now imposed on us. I think the fastest -- absent any other resolutions, right, the fastest route back to the U.S. is reactivating that our domestic capacity and resupplying the market from that. And then maybe that later on, we are constrained, which means that the U.S. market could be supplied from the both international and from the domestic. But I think the near-term opportunity for us is to go the route which we discussed.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. So we're looking for, as we said, we're looking at the 3% to 4% pricing variance this year, which is better, stronger than the last year. I think some Asian geographies to the variety of factors are still presumably driving as lower on what we think we could have normally realized a bit comparing at least to the historical trends we have there. Indonesia, you're absolutely rightly pointed out is on the negative, although the tax increases, which the industry has to pass on. I mean, give some hope that we can end up with that maybe Indonesia can return to that pricing is the important component of the growth there. But we also have to take it from the considerations of impact of recovery, the volumes and presumably talking more about the Philippines. We see how much of this thing we can unwind in 2022. And having reaching the benefits in '22 and how much we can build at a pace for '23. It's going in the right direction, but a bit of a more is needed. The last of the pricing environment, okay, so as difficult to predict, but as we characterize it's improving on all our geographies. And we have a pretty good visibility at this stage, obviously, about the taxes that is in the major volume or profit market to Emmanuel in his part of the remarks, was talking about this more and more countries are taking to the multiyear approach, which gives us better visibility and planning around. As you know, in some countries, the tax increases cannot be passed into consumers in one step. You need to have some preparatory, take some pricing before some pricing after -- so it is going into the right direction, especially if we take it in a context that every country, every market is having a huge pressure on the public finances due to the COVID situation, et cetera. So, I think we -- I mean, as far navigated pretty well there.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. So -- but you might have -- if I remember that from the very beginning of ILUMA was personally very excited about that innovation. And I am so happy that it delivers on my expectations, actually is not even beating by expectations. So I will continue if you allow me to present enthusiastic voice. ILUMA does generate, obviously, the IQOS user, Blade product users, you appreciate the benefit of ILUMA the first moment, you have it in your hands and you have your fist experience. And the response from the consumers in Japan is phenomenal. Obviously, the ILUMA goes to the existing users, but we also already having the benefit of existing IQOS users switching to ILUMA because they have uninterrupted consumption during every moment a day when they or they're willing to use the product. And this also has an impact on the volumes. In other sense, if I give you the device, which is much more informative to use, reliable, much, much, much more reliable, you will have a tendency to increase the consumption versus what you have on a blade, we the patients failed to allow for having that experience. So that's a very good thing. Second thing is ILUMA, after all of these initial months, we observed a very solid higher level of conversions. And if you know, it is a very important component in the business model. I have many devices will fully convert smokers combustible smokers. How many of them will stay because it releases the pressure going forward also on the margins, et cetera. And the third one is, at this stage, I remember the number likely about 20% of the user of the ILUMA cells is coming from the people who are never in the category, not in cost. And also what I start serving recently, you also start taking back users who have temporary and migrated from IQOS to competitive products. So in whatever aspect of performance of ILUMA look like, it really delivers on every axis. So the question is again, and I know that for some might be body, do we have availability of the devices? And can we continue supplying the market and the rest, I believe so far so far is really going in the right direction.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we essentially, in most or all markets, we maintain the same sort of a positioning of IQOS today versus the cost of combustible reference point. As you know, most of the tax systems actually have that conversion mechanism baked in. So if there is a tax increase on a combustible somehow proportionally this triggers the increase on the heated tobacco units, which translates at the consumer price gaps essentially untouched. We obviously complement depend on the market situation, our portfolio, for example, KT&G, the real proposition and I think it works very nicely, especially in the geographies when IQOS reaches the levels which are above, for example, premium -- equivalent of the premium price segment in the combustible market. So we need to take affordability to the equation as well, so instead of doing something about the pricing of IQOS and the heats. We're actually expanding the portfolio to the below, but also to the above in some geographies when we think there is a bus premium versus IQOS versus heat that the opportunity. We did it very successfully in Russia in a few European markets. So I think the whole thing is that the broader we have a portfolio of horizontally from a price perspective and vertically from taste, flavor, et cetera, perspective, we're increasingly creating more attractiveness for the cigarette smokers to switch to heat-not-burn.
Jacek Olczak: Now actually, I think that like allow me the language, it was more on the user interface rather than anything else. I don't think the past the number of the market test the proposition, the livability of the propositions in terms of the -- is the better alternative to smoking and everything goes there. The issue actually pertains to the heat pipe. As you remember, the design at the very end of the cigarette-like looking product, you have the heat size, which requires lighting, okay? And this was -- to face open this from the paper cup lighting this. And that is the question, how you extinguish the product, right, because you need to pay attention how you extinguish the product. And this was actually in our opinion, what the consumers' opinion actually, not the leading to that adoption levels, which we would wish to have an especially comparing our experience from other platforms and the mainly T1 platform. So I think we reached the moment the design of that product and this part of the technology around the heat source and operating asking the consumers, how the intern operate around this whole thing led us to the conclusion that we are seeing that design component we shut down. And I think still the proposition makes sense is understood by the consumer has the potential, but we cannot offer the product to the consumers, which they will not find convenient to use. And the convenience is either name of what the consumers want these days, and I think we need to deliver on this one, especially that our ambitions would be to also leverage the equity, which we build around the IQOS, and IQOS cannot afford product, which has this one. So I think we will come back one day to the P2. From the very beginning, you may recall our annually Investors Day when we start talking about the vision of growing smoke-free and how many platforms will be needed to compare the 1 billion small cars worldwide. This is a proposition which is more for the more conservative audience, the people who really don't want to completely walk away from the ritual experience when the combustible cigarettes are delivering. So I think in terms of our growth prospects for the item I don't think it's that much of an issue that we will be working on that by using a different approach to the design and the technology going forward, going forward. So I hope it answers your question, Vivien.
Jacek Olczak: I'm happy to try to add to, Gaurav, certainly what we are expecting in 2022 is to have another very nice difference between the volume growth and the revenue growth. And indeed, for the volume, we've been guiding to -- from minus 1% to plus 1%. So then the question is how much are we going to generate in terms of extra growth, there is this price where we have in 2% to 4%. Remember, we've done 2.7% in 2021. So, the low end of the bracket is not massively above what we did in 2021. But it's true that it could be better, and it's certainly something that we are factoring in the high end. And then there is impact of the growth of the IQOS business and it's on category where we have this positive mix impact that is playing. But here, the mix and with the launch in many new economies and new geographies and emerging country that is potentially having an impact on the differential. So, we do expect a very strong differential again, but not necessarily at the same level as the difference that we generated in 2021. Last but not least, we referred to the fact that we have, at the beginning, and its temporary higher weight on the consumables for IQOS ILUMA Ontario. And this is having an impact because the excise duty in the country where the excise duty, are based on weight is higher, and therefore, because we are coming with the same price for the consumable than it. That can generate when we have a switch but temporary. Again, I see from the fact that it's temporary, decrease -- a slight decrease on per steak. So that can have an impact as well. So that is really what you're going to have plus potentially some impact on the price which will depend on the volume of the device that we sell also on the mix of the device that we sell and also on the commercial aggressiveness that we want to have on the price of the device. So you have to take a number of things into account. Now at the end of the day, as you can see between the minus 1% to plus-1% and the 4% to 6%, we are definitely targeting to have another year with a very nice differential between volume and organic revenue growth, which is exactly how we end up.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think there will be an investment for the next few years, not a couple but a few years, which we are willing to do. I think if you stay with us and wait until the CAGNY when we will give you more insight of what we have, what is our thinking about is beyond nicotine wellness and healthcare business because then we will be in a position to show which products, concrete products or programs we're willing to go after what is the size of an opportunity and what sort of investment is in terms. But I think the number which we gave for this year, for 2022 in the guidance, about the ballpark sort of the investment, which we will be calling for the couple of years.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, I would leave the U.S. aside for a second. I think nicotine pouches can play a very important role in, if you like the smoking smokers, okay? They demonstrated their variability that has that proposition in many markets. Initially, we're essentially taking share as we acquire this. And after remaking of the product and the packaging, et cetera, we'll go in the market when there was some sales of a share, obviously, not very high, but we start where we already were present. And we build on this as always, in our innovations who will look at the consumers' feedback see what else we have to improve. And we also have some product pipeline behind the initial offering which we now could accelerate to the large extent, thanks to the acquisition of the therapy. Now, Fertin gives us much broader opportunities than just the pouches because Fertin seats on the very interesting delivery systems in -- for the oral delivery. And we know that Fertin is the manufacturer of the nicotine replacement therapies like the gums, nicotine gums, but they also have interesting other technologies. So, we will be thinking we start with the pouches, but I think over a period of time, 2022. i think the oral way of delivering nicotine as a substitute to smoking is actually a very attractive opportunity, which we are very excited to start working on. So, we will go into the geographies, obviously, when the pouches are not present today. I mean, as you know, we have a geographical footprint in addition to this 70-plus markets where they have acquired quite a meaningful IQOS infrastructure. You're back in the shops, you're back in digital. You're having one in CRM, commercial consumer engagement. I believe we can start adding to that our portfolio of the propositions to smokers to the oral category -- broader oral category than just the pouches. So we focus this year on the pouches. We will be extending the presence, but I think that is more than just the pouches and the very pleased that we concluded the acquisition of rating because it gives us -- it accelerates our development by a quite good few years, which others would have to take organically.
Jacek Olczak: I think I answered that question to Bonnie. U.S. is a very attractive market, and I believe this other strategic importance to us. And I do believe that in the market of the size of the U.S., we need to have all platforms, frankly speaking, because of the one platform which can guarantee the full success of proceeding of an opportunity. So ultimately, yes, but our focus today is somewhere else.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. So the price elasticity is always the concern, and as we know very well, sometimes is price elasticity on the tobacco nicotine product is elevated due to the pressures or income pressures on the consumers. So, we're now having that situation in a few markets that consumers have a pressure on the income. I mean I believe some of these pressures will unwind as the COVID will be becoming a sort of the past and I don't think it's anything systemic. It's very interesting you're asking this question because if we look in the market where we're taking pricing on cigarettes and the HeatSticks and the market has a pretty robust set of data from the past increases. I think today, products like IQOS or alternatives to smoking, tends to have a better elasticity, price elasticity than the conventional cigarette. And as you know, I guess, very well, the price elasticity on cigarettes and discard by other factors was pretty attractive, and this was a part of the building as a business model. And actually, at this stage, looks with alternative even for the -- not high but better elasticity than a combustible cigarette. Separately, not from the elasticity perspective, but from the pure affordability perspective, we were already pretty successful with IQOS in the so-called low middle income countries. But we also know that in order to make the more significant inroads. We need to come with the proposition, which directly addresses the need below-price, price segment. And we will not deliver the smokers behind alone. And before the end of this year, we having the plans to test another technology which would allow for the both devices and consumables to be more accessible from an affordability perspective, while there we're going to have reduction potential as I course as we know it today. So, we're taking those things into the very serious consideration. So thank you for your question.
Jacek Olczak: Well, this was a call longer than expected, but we also delivered the results last year better than we expected. I think somehow we match it. Thank you very much for your attention. We invite you to our CAGNY presentation, which will be in a position to give the more light, more details on the few aspects like what we discussed today, wellness healthcare, but also how we look here in a much broader in terms of the development of these categories. And I think we got filling in our, my voice and Emmanuel's voice how excited we are that '21, we delivered in that shape and form. And despite the number of headwinds, which I believe we articulate pretty well. We're still looking into the very successful and rewarding for both of us 2022. So thank you very much for your attention and hope to see most of you, if not all the recovered CAGNY presentation. Thank you, all.
Emmanuel Babeau: I'm going to take this. So, obviously, and we've been trying it in our preliminary remarks, we are still facing a number of uncertainties. The COVID does not disappear even if things seem to be improving. We don't have full visibility on the IT shortage and on the supply chain globally. And that is obviously what is behind with some certainly cautiousness on the guidance that we are giving on the top line. And then from there, we, of course, are driving a business that is seeing a good momentum. We have the traditional driver of price increase. We're going to be very efficient on cost savings. You can see what we've been delivering in 2021, already more than $800 million of efficiency on our cost. We're going to continue in 2022. And I know that is going to drive the difference between the revenue growth and the adjusted EPS organic growth. One of the headwinds that we're going to face this year, which I think we should see as very positive because it's coming from the growth, and we are managing a very nice potential of growth is that we are investing for exciting outlook. It starts, of course, with ILUMA in Japan, but globally, the launch of ILUMA, but certainly with a big impact in Japan, where we know that when we launch a new product, this is having some impact on the cost of goods because we are not at the same level in terms of efficiency on the supply chain. The productivity is not at its maximum, and we've been explaining that in our remarks. And that is going to have some impact at the launch. We talked about air freight as well and that is to have an impact. We said it with probably what we see today is a moderate decrease of the gross margin rate. Without that, it would have been from what we see today, another year of growth of the gross margin rate. But that's really what is driving the guidance. So we have some uncertainty, but we are very excited by the potential of growth that we see with all this innovation that is coming up. We have the traditional driver of efficiency that are going to help. We have some headwind, which was absolutely planned because we are coming with innovation, and we need to invest to launch this innovation. And I should add in terms of innovation, but it's certainly the fact that we are also expanding in terms of geography, what we see in Egypt bode extremely well for the potential in emerging countries, but we need to invest, of course, to build the capacity. We need to develop our commercial tools. We need to invest on the new platform, vaping and nicotine pouches. So what I think is great in this guidance and in our ambition for 2022 is that it's a year with a lot of investment for an exciting growth, but we are still able to deliver a good dynamic top line. We are able to deliver nice margin improvement, good organic growth at a good level. And as you have seen, we are hugely cash generative, and we do that at the same time, again, while investing for the future.
Emmanuel Babeau: Just to complement on your question on, can we reach 1 million. I think we are simply we see rather a ramp up today. It doesn't mean that we cannot reach 1 million in one of the quarter in H1, but it's true that we see a ramp-up and an acceleration as we go through the year.
Emmanuel Babeau: It's not a one-off. It could go a bit higher, but I don't expect an explosion here. I think you have a good calibration of the cutout that we're going to invest over a few years.
