Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Chris. No, I think there was an element of preparation for the launch in this Q2. For the rest of the year, at that stage, we expect IMS and shipment to be more aligned, so we don't expect to have further material differences at that stage emerging in H2.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Chris. On this objective to stabilize our market share in the CC segment or CC category, that's a clear objective that we have. Of course, it's a year-on-year stabilization that we want to reach. We are stabilizing sequentially quarter-on-quarter, and it's good to see that the Q2 market share is showing this kind of improvement versus Q1.  We are not there yet in terms of stabilization year-on-year. That's an objective that we have gradually for the coming quarters. We'll see when we are able to reach it, but that's clearly something that we want to pursue. On the pricing environment, as you have seen we started nicely the year.  Q2 was still quite good. I would cite in Indonesia, we are reporting a price impact of about 5%, so clearly positive. H2 is more difficult as we've been flagging it in terms of basis of comparison. There was a VAT decrease in Germany. There is a different pattern in excise duty increase in Australia, so that is going to play.  And we are also going to monitor what is the situation as hopefully we are exiting the COVID crisis, which exactly what is the timing and how is the exit, but we know that many economies would still stay quite impacted by that. So, we’ll be of course monitoring the capacity of our customers to follow price increases and that will be certainly driving our decision when it comes to price increases.  So, I would say we're going to monitor the situation. We're going to see what is happening. There would be certainly a question on evolution of inflation here and there as well that we're going to take into account. So, a lot of unknown at this stage, but we'll take that into account to monitor and decide on price increase. Nevertheless, we have been flagging the fact that after a 3% increase in H1, we do confirm the overall bracket of 2% to 3% for the full year, which means that we expect notably and partially because of tougher comps in H2, an H2 that could be less favorable in terms of price increase than H1.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure. So remember Indonesia was a very tough market last year, really hit hard by the pandemic. It doesn't mean, unfortunately, that the country has exited the crisis. And until recently, there has been new announcements of lockdown and restrictions. It's probably the impact was so strong last year that we're comparing to probably favorable basis of comparison, but the situation is certainly not back to normal there.  Nevertheless, what we are seeing is certainly an improvement of the situation, again, based on probably favorable comparison. We are doing well ourselves when it comes to the premium market, what we call the Tier 1 with more excise duty, and we are gaining share there, and that explains that we are able to grow our volume this year.  But we are also, unfortunately, at the same time seeing the Tier 2 category, the one enjoying lower taxes, that is still gaining ground and probably getting close to 30% market share. It used to be, at the end of last year, around 25%, 26%. So, that is playing the other way around, and hopefully this is going to be corrected with evolution [ph] on the excise duty policy put in place by the government.  But, of course, we don't have any news on that and we don't know if and when it's going to happen. That is a situation that we are facing. And in Indonesia, there is clearly improvement versus last year. It doesn't mean that the environment, when it comes to possibility of price increase, is becoming favorable, but at least it's no longer the kind of very negatively oriented market that it used to be for us last year.
Emmanuel Babeau: We are impacted by the increase in duty, so we are increasing price, but it's still having a negative impact, and that's why there is a difference between what we are reporting in terms of price impact with Indonesia and without Indonesia. So, overall it's still having a bit of a negative impact.
Emmanuel Babeau: So, there is no official launch of an IQOS club where we may gather some user. As you know, Indonesia is first and foremost a kretek market. And while we certainly have the objective to develop a specific heat-not-burn device for kretek, we haven't been launching it yet.  So, we do that, of course, addressing only part of the population, the one with the purchasing power that can afford the current devices, and also a small group of people that are non-kretek, if you want, smoker but that's a very small fraction of the consumer. So, that could be the element that you are referring to, but there is no offficial global launch, if you want, at that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, thank you for the question, Gaurav. I think you're going too far. We've been sharing this three-year guidance and objective at the time of the Investor Day, more than 9%. We are off to a strong start because we are targeting indeed for the first year 12% to 14%, it's clearly above the 9%, so I think we're compliant for the time being with the overall beyond 9%, and that means that we are certainly on good track to deliver the more than 9%, but I don't see a contradiction between the more than 9% and what you said the new good news, which is the strong start in 2021.
Emmanuel Babeau: Certainly, Gaurav, with IQOS ILUMA, we are going to enrich the premium category for [Indiscernible] product. And as we keep saying, that's going to be a real, I would say, major change for customers, and it's going to represent for them clearly a big, big progress, killing the remaining pinpoints. And therefore, of course we focus on that for the time being. We believe the potential is huge as we've been highlighting. Now, depending on how the market is evolving, certainly we'll see what is the interest of launching new devices with a different positioning. The ultimate goal, as we also said in several instances, is certainly, in any case, to have a full coverage of the spectrum of the market, from the most premium positioning to certainly more value for money designed to cost simple product that are of course delivering an experience that is not at the level of the prime experience, but that is value for money and good enough experience for other type, I would say, of customers So Japan will make no exception in our willingness to cover once again, the full market from premium to medium and even low price positioning.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes. Bonnie, Certainly, that's of course a very good question. I happy to elaborate on it. First and foremost, and that's probably the most important in my answer, we are really happy to see competition really taking now the bih tategueyas a big priority. And showing, I think increase commitment engagement beyond the category. We think that the shared vision on the fact that we need jointly to phase out cigarette and develop better product for smokers is a way, certainly, to accelerate the journey to end smoke the world. To see competition realizing that this is a great category, this is answering smokers need and expectation, putting more innovation, more investment there in the category, that's just great. And I think we can start seeing in some geography where competition increase investment, we can see the overall growth of the market accelerating. And of course, as we take a lion's share of that, that is very good news. Having said that, obviously, what is important for the smoker is the capacity to find with it heat-not-burn tech nology and proposal. Something that is mimicking, to the closest way possible, the experience versus combustible cigarette. And that's where our technology, our capacity to innovate, is making a big difference. And that's where probably some of the competition is struggling a little bit, and that is the reason why some of them believe that they have to discount their product to get some traction. So what does it generate? At the end of the day, it generates the fact that you may have a trial because the device is coming almost for free, the consumable is cheaper. But then if it's not satisfactory, if it doesn't provide the same pleasure, the same benefit as what you have with an IQOS experience and we love further more with IQOS ILUMA, then whether you switch back to IQOS, or you may just be back to combustible cigarette because as you're feeling that that's not satisfactory versus what you really enjoy. And therefore, it's not whether playing the role of converting smokers to heat-not-burn, and you create lot -- lower average consumption device and lower loyalty. So we continued to be a firm believer that at the end of the day, just the right technology, the right experience will convert the majority of the smokers to switch to better product and to heat-not-burn category. And we believe that this is exactly what we are offering with IQOS. And that make us confident on our capacity to retain big market share. It doesn't mean that we're not going to propose also, simpler device, always with our capacity to innovate. Targeting, as I said, different purchasing power, different expectation. But certainly we will continue to lead the way when it comes to a premium product delivering a superior experience.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Pamela. I have to say, I fully understand your curiosity and that you want to know more about this extract in order to form an opinion. But I'm afraid I will have to disappoint you because, as you can imagine, that is super sensitive and we don't want to disclose the detail of that. Nevertheless, I'm certainly happy to say that we are putting investment in places that are going to move top-line, i.e. growing more volume, more conversion on a smoker switching to IQOS. Certainly, part of the amount is going to be behind the launch of IQOS ILUMA. But not only, there are also commercial activity. As we see, a number of markets returning to a certain normalcy. I will not say we are fully there, but certainly more reason to reaccelerate a number of marketing and commercial activity. And that's going to be important. We are also accelerating in term of innovation, and we are putting more money in life science and to build more presence in RRP category notably, so that's part of the accelaration. And we also signal it's going to be much more marginal, but that we may have to very selectively reinvest here and there on CC where it's possible. I would say it's going to be a small fraction of the extra investment, butt we have this objective of stabilizing our market share. So I think with that, Pamela, you have really what is behind the 300 million to 400 million. No, you don't need to necessarily annualize that, but let's be clear we're going to launch ILUMA in many more country next year in 2022. And And I'm not able to elaborate at that stage on what's going to be the plan in term of investment, but I would expect that, yeah, we'd certainly want to invest with a great return on this new offering and new technology. S that would have some impact on our investment next year. Remember, nevertheless, we have a very ambitious program to generate 1 billion efficiency on S G&A. We have ambition to be very dynamic on revenue. And therefore, our goal over a three-year period is to reduce nicely the SG&A on revenue ratio to create a driver for increased profitability. And of course, including all this investment that absolutely remained a big ambition that we have.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, thank you for highlighting the great talent of Deepak and we're all very pleased to see him taking his new responsibility. I think it just highlights, certainly, the potential that we see globally for Americas but notably, of course, for the U.S. We want to keep working in close interaction with Altria on IQOS. We flagged the fact that we could have, certainly, for IQOS VEEV some ambition. You will allow me not to elaborate more on that, but that certainly mean that we see the U.S. as actually a country where reduced risk product have a great potential and we want to participate in that potential.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Vivien. Indeed, we -- on VEEV, this is what I could call a soft launch for a number of reason. We want to learn the category. We are learning in many dimension including age verification, which we see as absolutely paramount. And the obvious initial move from us was to put VEEV as the nice complement for some of the already IQOS [Indiscernible] been user in the case of polyusage. And that was a natural move from people who were knowledgeable of IQOS already, the technology, the great experience the IQOS brand can provide. I think we are moving now to new dimension. We have beyond this initial move some great feedback coming from consumer that show that it's not only the elegance of the design, but the overall experience, the quality of the product that is comparing very well when we do test versus competitors. So time to certainly accelerate in our ambition that will come with more launches, of course, development of more flavors. So after this first step in the category, you should expect us to certainly increase ambition on vaping.
Emmanuel Babeau: My view would be, Vivien, that with the proposed acquisition of Fertin and Vectura, we would certainly really build a very strong platform on which for our 2 ambitions on inhale therapeutic and on self-care wellness, we would have indeed very strong platform, and notably from life science perspective. For the life science, that would be great. That's certainly the view that we have today on that topic.
Emmanuel Babeau: Alright. Well, let me leave you with some key messages then. First, despite the slower recovery from pandemic in certain markets, we are happy to report a very robustful first half performance with a record high adjusted diluted EPS and raised 2021 guidance. Second, the impressive growth of IQOS continues. And we remain on track to deliver our target of 95 to 100 billion units for the year. Third, our Combustible Business is improving sequentially as the recovery from the pandemic infraction in many key markets. Lastly, we are building towards important milestone in our Beyond Nicotine strategic vision, as part of our business transformation. Thank you again for joining us and talk to you soon.
