Adam Spielman: Hello, thank you very much. I guess, I have two questions. Clearly, you've guided both to better volumes for the markets and more -- on a bigger improvement for yourself. And I was just wondering, where what has surprised you and what geographies you're talking about particularly in terms of a market, and in terms of your end volumes as you think about 2019? That's my first question, thank you.
Adam Spielman: And just very quickly. A second point, you mentioned at the beginning a couple of times, but you had more pricing variance this quarter. And I guess you implied there's going to be sort of slightly reverse in Q3 because the impression you gave was you took earlier prices in 2019 than you did in the corresponding markets in 2018. But I was just wondering sort of can you be a little bit more specific about what markets you're talking about? And also why did you do that? It seems a sort of slightly strange thing to do. It's a bit more of a color around that pricing variance thing moved a bit further forward in the year.
Adam Spielman: Again, I've got lots more questions, but I'll leave it at that, so that the other folks have a go. Thank you.
Martin King: It's fairly broad based, but I would call out the EU as the one area that is exceeding its previous run rate or and maybe surprising us a little bit to the positive this year. Poland is one market that's doing well. I mean, it's overall EU run rate used to be around 2% to 3% and now we're seeing it running more like 1% to 2%. With so far this year, it's been quite encouraging. But we're also seeing pretty good volumes across a number of other geographies the Turkish market in the first half of the year is still up. Indonesia market has started to grow again with no tax increase and with limited pricing this year because of not having the tax, and you have a couple other markets at least for the first half of the year that are benefiting from lapping some previous big tax increases and so forth like Saudi is up compared to last year, Thailand is up pretty strongly even though it's not such a big market but it is a pretty strong size growth there. So it's fairly broad based, but I would -- I would pick out the EU is the one that's probably a little bit more than what we expected.
Martin King: Yes, well I mean you see our overall share is benefiting from heated tobacco units. And even within the cigarette category, we're doing pretty well. We called out this quarter wasn't quite as favorable as last quarter on cigarette share, but Turkey was one of one of the main reasons and the issue in Turkey was that, we increased prices and we're the only ones in the market with the higher prices for about a month. The competition lagged a bit, and so we lost quite a bit of share in the second quarter. However, competition has lost and we don't expect -- Turkey with Marlboro in Parliament. They're recovering quite quickly. So that was a bit of a Q2 anomaly. So overall our share in cigarettes, within cigarettes is holding up very nicely and of course we're benefiting from the overall strategy of leading the heated tobacco space as you know approximately two out of every three consumers coming in the category are coming from the competition. So overall our share is holding up very nicely we're quite pleased with it.
Martin King: Yes I mean, first of all with pricing you kind of take it when you can get it. It's not that we try to stick to a certain schedule. We read the competitive situation and the overall gaps and various other measures and we take the pricing is as we think we can achieve it. One market to call out as having shifted from where it was in Q3 last year into Q2 this year is Mexico. So you had the trade movements benefiting Q2 and the pricing benefiting Q2 this year where it was in Q3 last year. And the other piece on the comparisons to last year is, last year’s pricing variance in Q3 was very large, it was the biggest of any of the quarters. It was $483 million. So just because of the way the timing works out and the different sequencing, you get some quarters that are bigger than others, and when pricing moved from one quarter to another, it can have a pretty significant impact on the total revenue line. So yes, 9% total revenue growth in quarter two ex-currency like-for-like is very, very strong, but it is flatter by these movements by about 2%. So we wanted to call that out, and also make sure people understood the impact as we make the comparison against Q3 coming up.
Martin King: Okay. Yes, I mean there are a couple of broad areas where the spending will help us maintain our momentum going into next year and really beyond. I mean one is, to accelerate the development of innovation of both the product side and on the commercial side and that will have more of a long term benefit. I mean that's something where it's not likely to help us this year, but it will help us next year with some of our innovation coming out at a faster pace and some additional projects that we can we can accomplish. So that's more of a long term investment, and very much a confidence on our strategy and realizing that, that in order to stay ahead of the competition we've got to continue with our innovation pipeline. The second piece is around geographic expansion. We've had great success in Russia and the EU, and we've pointed out that geographically we still have opportunities to expand in both areas. So accelerating those plans ahead of more competitive presence is prudent. And then we also have some new geographies that we will open in the second half of the year and funding that appropriately to get off to a really good start is I think an excellent use of additional investments to get momentum going into next year. And that's really what I would sort of say staying ahead in the areas where we're -- where we're doing well and opening up some new areas. And then the third bucket is investments to address intensifying competition. I mean, I guess the best examples that are going to be Japan and Korea. We do have new innovation improvement on our IQOS3 device. And we want to get that out there in a in a big way and benefit from it. It's an excellent innovation and it helps us have news and, and a reason for IQOS users to really stick with IQOS in the face of having lots of other products being offered to them and so forth. And then there's also in that same bucket I think commercial activities, which I won't specify, but which we will put aside some additional investments for given that the competition is putting more intensity into these markets as they realize that they need to try to catch up in the reduced risk space that we've built. So those are I think prudent investments. It's about momentum and it's a bit of success, breeds success because we've been able to do well this year and get ahead. And then that allows us to up the ante and keep our momentum going, not just finishing this year well, which we need to do, but more importantly for next year and beyond. These are these are long term plays so I hope that covers that Judy.
Martin King: Okay. So, for Japan, I mean, we have to keep in mind that we're up 1.1 share points year to-date over last year. So yes, sequentially we only had very slight growth on an offtake basis from Q1 to Q2, but that's already on a base that's well stepped up from our run rate last year. So, our initiatives are clearly working. The introduction of HEETS at the different price point and with the different taste lineup to attract the different consumer group is definitely working, its incremental share we're getting, and it's more mainstream brand that opens its access to more consumers. We've had very good feedback on the IQOS 3 and MULTI. The battery works better charges between usages for IQOS 3 much quicker. The design it is well received. And the evidence is that despite the price tiering where 2.4+ is available in the market at a lower price nearly all of the purchases and all the volume, the vast majority have gone IQOS 3 and MULTI. So it shows that the consumer there has appreciated that innovation. And our salesforce is working effectively to convert adult smokers that overall category has grown and as I mentioned before our HEETS and HeatStick share has grown and we expect that to continue going forward. Now obviously there is going to be some more competitive activity in the second half. So we'll see out there may be some short-term impact with consumers trying other products and so forth, but we're convinced that our product is still the best choice in the marketplace and we're to keep investing behind it. And the IQOS 3 improvements we think will help consumers see new innovation from us as well as the competitive offerings. I'm not to get any further details on what that improvement is as you can imagine we'd like to keep it in surprise for now. But I think its improvement that consumers will really appreciate. Pleased with Japan's performance; obviously we're watching very closely the competitive situation and that certainly – the first half of the year only behind us. We still have the second half to go and I think that's one area where we have to keep our eyes short and make sure we're addressing the competitive situation in Japan as well as in Korea.
Martin King: I would say that, it's different between the two markets, between Japan and Korea. In Japan, I think we have seen the period of churn and we have more consumers that are actually settling back with IQOS. Obviously, there would be a new wave of expansion coming from some of the device sales especially from JT, so there maybe another phase. But overall in Japan I think the initiatives we took are having a good affect, our share growth is up from last year nicely and we see that our position is pretty firm and that we're growing the category and growing our share moving forward. So, in Japan well obviously we'll keep an eye on the competition. We feel pretty confident going forward. In Korea, it's a little bit more intense competition. KT&G's device has a lineup of consumables in a taste direction, non-menthol flavors that are kind of unique to Korea if you will. Korea is a country that has an overall trend not just in tobacco but in other categories of all kinds of exotic flavors and its present in the tobacco area as well. And KT&G has done a very good job of capitalizing on this. It's not just by the way in the area of heat-not-burn, it's also in the cigarette category that they have put out a large number of new offerings with all kinds of exotic flavors, but within the heat-not-burn area we feel more confident to respond and offer some additional flavors in our lineup and we will come with that in the second half of the years. So we'll have to see how those competitive responses get traction. We think we will do better going forward and we're also putting more attention to conversion and some of the other activities in the marketplace in Korea. But right now our results in Korea are in need of some remedial action and that's we're taking, going forward in the second half of the year, whereas in Japan I think we're on firm footing and we're quite confident going forward.
Martin King: Well, I think you need to separate out consumable pricing versus device pricing. On the consumables we have absolutely no indication of any sort of pricing issues or skirmishes. And in fact for example in Japan when overall prices went up last year with the tax increase, the pricing went through on RRPs as well as on cigarette. And we don't see any sign anywhere of the actual, consumables being a big issue from the pricing perspective. Now on the devices, there are some countries where the competition has offered very low prices on devices. We are always priced well above competition and surgically and where necessary we have and we'll continue to offer discounts to promotions to keep our devices from being too high on price and we will need to keep doing that. But that's a much more manageable issues, I mean the value of converting a consumer it's really in the consumable and making sure that you're in the mix for devices on device pricing is a relatively more manageable economic challenge than having to do with the consumable side. So overall I would say pricing in the category is not a major issue. Its small skirmishes in certain countries, certain places with the devices where we're going to have to continue to make sure we're being competitive.
Martin King: Well, I mean, I think that the top line increase allowed for a bit more spending while keeping the margin still where it was before, and I think if you put that through the model I think you'll see that's more or less what it is. I mean, obviously we're very mindful of our spending and working hard to get efficiencies. You see us moving forward on our footprint as we've announced some factories. We did Pakistan before. We're doing Columbia now. We've announced the intent and the beginning of consultations on Berlin. We're working hard internally on our cost categories and bringing cost out and so forth. But most of those benefits you'll see more going forward in the next few years. It's not showing up so much already this year because you have to take the actions and of course incur the cost and treat people fairly and properly and then you get the lower cost base in the out years. So I think the 100 million is really within the realm of the higher revenue and keeping the EPS growth 1% higher as well.
Martin King: Yes. The investments are across several platforms including e-vapor. We continue with our plan to roll out the first initial market with – improve the cigarette with the mesh technology and then improved form factor and we're very confident that that product will be superior to what's in the marketplace. So we're continuing to vest behind the capacity ramp-up for that and we want to ramp the capacity as fast as we can and get to as many markets as we can next year. As far as timing on spending, if you take the total of 400 million that we're now communicating on spending, about $120 million has been spent the first half leaving us about $280 million and then we said about 200 or half of the 400 will come in Q3. It's across various categories, not just the innovation you're asking about. But it's a broad-based commitment to the smoke-free future and all of our activities across commercial as well as product platforms as well as commercialization.
Martin King: Well, I mean, I think we start with looking at the prospect for IQOS in the U.S. and I think it start with the consumer receptivity. And in our estimation U.S. consumers are very open to trying new products not just in the area of reduced risk tobacco product by the way, but also all products in general as compared to many other countries. U.S. consumers tend to embrace innovation pretty readily. And you certainly see it with the cigarette category and some of the other categories in the U.S. where consumers are trying to product, so that's a plus. There's a pretty clear regulatory approach and we got clear guidance from FDA on some of the aspects of introducing this product in the U.S. There's good communication freedom that will help build awareness and trial amongst adult smokers. And then you've got Altria and PM USA. They have excellent execution ability. They're well prepared. They got a very strong plan. We've been working with them to share all the learnings, very good cooperation. So we expect the U.S. to perform quite well. I mean, we would expect it to be faster on average than the EU has developed. I mean I think you have to be realistic. I wouldn't assume that it’s going to take off like Japan did or Korea initially et cetera, but we expect U.S. to have very solid results. Now, of course, has yet to be started. We'll find out a lot from the Atlanta beginning and then we'll take it from there. But we have very high hopes and we're working very well together without you to make this a success.
Martin King: Well, it is early days for JUUL. We're not seeing certainly any impact from JUUL on our overall results. As you can see there's really nowhere that we're having any issues with it, but it is early days. We're watching it closely. I mentioned staying ahead of competition with expansion and staying ahead of competition, it's mostly we're talking about heat-not-burn, but it’s also quite frankly with an eye toward JUUL as well and making sure that we get as much awareness and trial and presence throughout the EU and Russia and places like that as we have this great momentum and we're doing extremely well and as within eye also to the fact that others are coming amongst them JUUL. So we have our eye on it. We're taking steps including with the e-cigarette platform for investment and rollout that we talked about and I mentioned earlier to make sure that we're going to compete well with JUUL. Nonetheless of course there's room for more than one on successful product in this category and JUUL will likely get some success. So we're realistic about it as well.
Martin King: The 2.5 is a reference to the total market for tobacco and heated tobacco units worldwide and the 1% it's our shipment rate. So, I'm not sure. Maybe I didn't get your question.
Martin King: The total industry in the first half was down a bit less than the two and a half and would be down a bit more than two and a half, obviously, in the second half to bring it back to that. I don't have the exact number.
Martin King: Yes. I mean, there are couple moving parts in Japan that have impacts on inventories especially one quarter the next. I mean as you point out we had the pricing last year. We obviously drew down the inventory because we had a different projection for the market than what we started the year. This year you have a VAT increase expected October 1st going from 8% VAT to 10% VAT. That's across the whole market not just tobacco, but all products. But obviously, consumers are going to expect that there might be some pantry loading and trade movements from that. There's also a health warning change coming next year, so inventories have to be managed to deal with that. So there are quite a few moving parts. I mean, obviously, we've made the statement that overall worldwide we expect total heated tobacco unit shipments to be more or less in line within market sales, in other words if there's inventory up in one market down in another market, but overall it should be more or less flat. I can't really give you that individual where each market is going to end up. Even Japan given these many moving parts. And you have to remember inventories are really set. As we go into the end of the year with an eye towards what we think is going to happen in the next year that's the whole reason to have the inventory, is decide as to what's coming and what events are coming as well. So it's a bit difficult to give you any more details on what's coming up for inventories other than that broad statement that we expect in market sales and shipments to be approximately the same this year and not have big inventory differences.
Martin King: Well, I mean you have to keep in mind there's some volatility in the numbers, but if you look at Greece the share is 8.1, up four from the prior year, so it's doubled, right? So there might be just like we saw in Russia for example where the overall IMS is growing at a very steady, very nice rate. But you saw the share moving around, Q1 was overstated because of cigarette seasonality and now when you when you look at the underlying and understand the situation the Russia share growth has been growing and growing steadily. But it's distorted by these other movements and its similar things happen in other markets. But when you look at the longer term both you called out Greece, it's doubled in the last year to 8% up 4%. Bulgaria's is more than double. It's grown two and a half to four and a half. So when you look at one quarter to another quarter with those kinds of growth rates I don't think that's really the best way to look at it. But we're growing well in both those locations.
Martin King: Well, I mean, one of the biggest impacts is this timing that we talked about, where the Q2 is benefiting by about two percentage points. And that's obviously going to drag on Q3 on the top line. And then when you look at it year-over-year we had this very large pricing variance last year of $483 million. And while we'll have decent pricing this year as well, it won't be nearly that big in the quarter. And you add to that this spending step up which is very much concentrated in that quarter. And that's how we get to the overall picture of essentially flat with the pro forma from last year at 135. I mean that's pretty much the basics of it. I mean obviously there are individual events in certain countries like Japan and so forth in one year to next year. But if you look at the bigger picture those are pretty big movements and significant numbers that affected. I remember last year Japan had a price increase in the same pattern, right? It was October 1st. So you had trade loading and et cetera. So when you do it this year you have a VAT instead of the price -- instead of the tax, I'm sorry. But you have a similar potential for trade dynamics that are at really the same date. So I don't think that that's going to be a big driver of it year-over-year.
Martin King: We never discuss forward pricing. The VAT is going to go up, that's all we can really know at this point in time. We'll have to see what happens as far as any anything else.  And we usually have to discuss with the government you're pricing ahead of time and so forth, so it's not always very clear as to what's going to happen.
Martin King: Just to be clear, we took the 100 million increase added it to the 300 million that we had already said would occur. That's a total of 400. Half of that i.e. 200 million step up will occur we believe in the third quarter. That's why it's a pretty big impact. It's not just the 100 million. It's 200 million of step up out of the total of 400 million that we expect to hit in Q3. That's why it's a pretty big impact.
Martin King: Yes. I mean we've only spent 120 million so far this year in the first half. Some of it was by design and some of it was some timing slipping and some things like that. As it turns out, Q3 is actually a very good time for us to step up this investment because we get some time through the year to benefit from the geographic expansions that we're going to do and we've been planning them already now. There's much of that's out of the original 300, the 100 million on top as we go and try to address better some of the competitive situations and work on our longer term innovation. Q3 is when we can get things rolling and get -- the commensurate spending that goes with it hits the timing. So yes, it just so happens that the concentration of the 200 out of the four falling into one quarter. But it's a variety of different things driving that.
Martin King: Yes. I mean, our share in London is relatively small. It's above 1%. But it's relatively small. It's bigger in certain pockets like around Canary Wharf, West London, we have pretty significant share. We have really good conversion rates in U.K. and London at 70%, so the people who do buy the devices successfully convert and for the most part quit smoking and switch completely to heat-not-burn. We're continuing to invest as you pointed out by opening stores in Bristol and Manchester. So we're making headway. As you pointed out it hasn't been easy due to the regulatory setup and some other issues. We have to keep in mind London is like a crossroads of the world. So you have a lot of people to visit London that might buy a device, but not actually consume HeatSticks in London. So when I give you market share, I'm talking about HeatStick offtake share, but obviously you would have devices that would be purchased by people visiting London from various countries. You might have also Londoners who travel quite a bit buying HeatSticks in the EU and bringing them back as long as they stay within certain limits they can do that. And prices are much lower, say in Italy your price for HeatSticks in Italy is about significantly lower than what it is in London. So you get a lot of that going on. So I think probably London is a bit of a unique situation where the number of devices sold doesn't match up very as closely as you might think with the offtake share of the consumables. But I think it's a worthwhile endeavor for us to keep working on awareness and conversion of people in London because it is a leading city in the world and one that helps set worldwide trends. So we keep chipping away at it. We are making progress. We'll continue to do that.
Martin King: Well, I mean, the only one that would be kind of at the level where you might think that there might be some challenging would be Vilnius which is at as you said 20%, and it really all depends on the dynamics of the pricing of the offer if you're running out of people that are in the premium category that can sometimes have an effect. But overall it when you look at EU and even Russia, we still have quite a bit of runway to go before I think we'll start to hit issues where you say, I've converted the vast majority of premium smokers or I have converted the vast majority of the early adopters and innovators. And even now, even when that starts to happen we're now much more prepared for that because we know obviously you need to be prepared to make sure you have offerings that span the different price tiers. You need to be prepared to have the messaging in place for different groups. So, obviously it's something we keep an eye on and we build the toolbox to be able to move to a different strategy when you start hitting those levels. But in the EU frankly, I think we're still in aggregate anyway far far away from it. Keep in mind Lithuania and Vilnius are relatively small geographies within the EU. So I don't see it as an overall issue for our growth rates in the EU. We're on a good trajectory and I expect us to continue to be growing nicely for quite some time to come. But we are prepared and aware of it and have the toolboxes and strategy for those sorts of situations. Thank you for your question.
Martin King: That's not how we've set up the three year. We gave it as a compound annual growth rate. Obviously when we get into next year, we'll give some guidance for next year and we'll see how things are going before we do that. We're not prepared to do that, and we wouldn't change the three year overall based on just this just this period.
Martin King: Yes I just wanted to leave three key takeaways. First one being, we've got very strong momentum as evidenced by our total volume, which is which is actually slightly positive on a like-for-like basis in the first half and it's both the conventional and the heated tobacco units which are performing well. Second is that our strategy is working for the shareholders. We've got the top line benefits that are flowing through, with our margin expansion of at least 100 basis points currency-neutral that we expect for this year, and this has given us the confidence to increase our investment to maintain this momentum into 2020 and beyond. We're focusing on the longer term, with the product and commercial development. We're focusing on geographic expansion. We're addressing competition to maintain our favorable competitive lead. And when you put all three of those things together, we're in pretty good shape for the first half of the year. We definitely have still the second half to go and there's some countries in areas that we have to make sure where we're keeping an eye on amongst them, Turkey with the pricing in Indonesia, with some down trading and so forth. We've got the increased competition on heat-not-burn, but when you put it all together, we're confident in the future and we're ready to have a good second half and move into 2020. So thank you very much for listening.
