André Calantzopoulos: David, you said it yourself. It's the Board decision. However, the Board takes into consideration a number of factors, 65% target being one. Clearly, if you look at our history, we have a history of rewarding generously our shareholders even in turbulent times. That's what I can tell you.
André Calantzopoulos: David, clearly there is an improvement as I also said in my remarks. Clearly, we are seeing [the price] [ph] of the Mighty brand greater than 70% of the portfolio of Mighty Corporation going up to PHP1.50, although the price per carton does not yet reflect the second excise tax increase if we speak about reasonable economic returns. What has also happened is they left behind one of their brands called Marvel that represents 30% of the portfolio and roughly 6% to 7% of the market. Until this brand also goes to the right price point and price gap, clearly we are also obliged to maintain some presence in the segment. In summary, this is all about achieving the right price gaps as I have previously explained, but in general to fix the price gaps either you do it from the top or from the bottom, it appears that some progress is made to achieve this from the bottom. We need to wait until the new tax is reflected across the Mighty Corporation portfolio. Then as I said, there may be some upside in there. Now, they are still under declaring from what we understand based on mix and tax stamp [inaudible] a very large part, roughly half of their volume which helps them subsidize the lower price, but there is progress. There is increasing pressure on them. There are hearings in the Congress and also the fact that they lost their bonded warehouse, which we understand they were used to kind of declare that the products or the raw materials are for exports but essentially been used locally so that the pressure is mounted. We are kind of optimistic, but we'll know better as the year unfolds. Also to say, if we look at the outlook for next year, clearly, I think in terms of Philippines, probably we'll reach the bottom of the negative impact and we can only go better next year both in comparative and even in absolute terms.
André Calantzopoulos: Difficult question to answer. Yes. The pressure should be there, because it's becoming extremely visible to the general public and the media, so we should expect some move but we need to see this move. That's all. Okay? Now, the other limitation on the Philippines that I explained in previous times is that over the long-term the tax system clearly is locked in our favor, because it closes the gaps top to bottom in a normal operating market and also allows us as the two tax tiers equalize to unleash a bit more pricing power of the mid-price brand because today the mid-price brands are down. By the way, the excise tax or the price of the different excise tax tiers is calculated which as you take the retail price you remove VAT and the excise tax and government ignores completely the retail margin which as we know is pretty hefty up to 20% and that's the price and that ex-factory price that determines the price tier which are classified and we have to be very careful on how much pricing we can take for Fortune for example not to jump in the upper tier. As the two tiers close over time, one or two years then you have much more pricing power from that perspective. Other development also that is positive in the Philippines, good at least, is that there will be pack stickers implemented towards the end of the first half of the year and we have to see how this impacts Mighty but definitely is another positive to us, so that's why longer term we are very optimistic about the Philippines, but still this year it has the impact I described on our profitability, it was about [inaudible].
André Calantzopoulos: This is very early days in Japan. We have submitted our request to the Ministry of Finance, but it is subject to approval by the Ministry of Finance. If that holds and we hold it well, yes, it will give some positive pricing in Japan. However, we need to put this in the context of and that depends also what other competitors are doing of some additional potential impact on our share and also the fact that we may need to put some promotional, additional money to support that price level. Again, it's early days. It's subject to approval by the Ministry of Finance, but there is some small upside over there.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. First of all, the investment as we described is, one part is going behind our reduced risk product, okay? Clearly this is longer term as we were starting some volume in this product [in 2013] [ph], okay. Now, regarding the existing business, of course, there is need for investment in Japan and that is also to support our product introductions at the Marlboro campaign and other initiatives that I described. Some other markets where business needs are, we are ramping the investment. For example, Indonesia, okay? That's part of that normal business spending. Clearly, the investment in the Philippines is another type of investment. It's not a promotion or a marketing investment. It's more investing in our margins by holding the right price gaps and that's where the big investment is. As I explained this one, I believe this year clearly we see the bottom of the problem, and we can grow significantly out of this, just remaining flat year-to-year in the Philippines in terms of profitability it will increase by 1% of growth, [it just swings] [ph] 2 growth points, okay. I think also that for 2016 one element is our cost base in terms of manufacturing cost, will gradually improve. Already, if we see the growth of our manufacturing cost, it was 3.8% in 2013. It's going down to 3.2% this year and will further decrease next year and that's a positive addition. The conditions in Europe, I think, will slightly improve. We still have strong price base and we have a number of portfolio initiatives, including new initiatives on Marlboro I will describe in more detail in CAGNY. All that makes me fairly confident that after 2015, we can reach our revenue and operating companies' income target. And I don't even take into consideration Japan, which can certainly improve compared to the impact we have this year as we are lapping the year, where the actual product introductions happened in Japan and where Japan Tobacco got their fair share of excitement, which I remind everybody that were not existing before. Thank you.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. I mean, currency clearly plays an important role here. Different agencies look at ratings in different ways as I said, ranging from total debt to EBITDA to net debt or adjusted net debt and one element in the adjusted net debt is that rating agencies start taking cash abroad at a discount, because, I mean, applying a theoretical, say corporate income tax rate, if that cost were to be repatriated in the U.S., so that reduces the capacity and you can do the math very easily yourself. The currency impact we just announced at prevailing rates, that is to stick for the year. It's at the cash flow levels, it's roughly $1.1 billion and at your EBITDA level is $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion, so that takes a lot of share repurchase capacity out and as the year unfolds, we need to reevaluate the situation, so the other thing we need to note is we had $2 billion of business development projects that we just accomplished and frankly speaking, they're much more accretive to the shareholders than the share buybacks.
André Calantzopoulos: It's a bit across the market, okay? It's also depending on the timing of price increases in Argentina as we know Argentina is an inflationary environment and we need approval from the Ministry of Finance all the time, the Minister of Economy. So, sometimes we have a delayed approval and that's partially what happened also in last quarter. We got the approval later, so we had to time differently the price increases.
André Calantzopoulos: This is the best we can see to-date, okay. There is still some pricing that has to take place. The situation clearly looks slightly better last two quarters and I hope it's going to be confirmed in the first quarter 2014, okay? So, that's the forecast to the best of my knowledge to-date.
André Calantzopoulos: We don't have the latest, latest figure of the global survey in the European Union. What I hear from the different markets, it seems to have stabilized. Clearly, it has improved in Italy. It's slightly up in France, but we see stability although the base remains high, so I think that if it doesn't get lost during the year and frankly, we don't have disruptive taxes in the European Union. Maybe we'll be slightly better, but today I cannot confirm that. I want a quarter more to be in a position to confirm.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Look, I can't give you the absolute precise number for the breakdown between translational and transactional. I think [Inaudible] 20%, but Jacek is here. He can give you a breakdown.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, the only outburst of illicit is clearly the Philippines, okay? I think I have explained lengthily the situation. We are all aware of the problem, but that's illicit trend in a different form. That's a form we see increasingly in some places and that's probably the form that is the easiest finally to address, because it takes action from the government. A painful process in the Philippines, but that can be addressed. For the rest of the illicit trade, which is essentially illicit wide, we always said that the best way to address this is through the supply chain and especially asset in total and I think we are making very good progress in that area. Not yet done, but the progress, the awareness amongst the companies that produced in their efforts fairly confident and hopeful that by the end of the year we'll see tangible results. That’s one of the best ways to tackle illicit trade. I think that our prospects to reduce the illicit trade our objective is over the next one to two years to stabilize it and we are working with many governments as you know around the planet to achieve this and then gradually reduce it, but even stabilizing it is a great thing to achieve.
André Calantzopoulos: Nothing particular that I can point to, okay? As we said last year, we had a bit more of inventory movement in the Philippines that was lower this year, because the tax increase was lesser. That’s one thing and the rest is pure timing. Indonesia is every year is the same. We start with the tax at the beginning of the year and gradually increase, so nothing particular to worry about.
André Calantzopoulos: I think our pricing policy is very simple. We take a lot of factors into consideration, affordability price gaps, excise tax and our pricing is every year very strong. I think, I explained in my remarks there's slight differences compared to this year.
André Calantzopoulos: Early days. The launch is both, tactical and strategic, so it's not meant yet to be expanded, so we will see how it reacts there, but that's kind of hedging also the price gaps in the Philippines.
André Calantzopoulos: I can't answer by heart these margins. The margins are not very different, but this is a very small volume, okay? So, I don’t think that impacts our margins. Cut to skin in the Philippines, as I said by maintaining artificially low price for a period of time brands like Jackpot for example, where we have to subsidize to a large degree the excise tax and that’s much more impactful and it would correct this that will swing the profitability much more than Marlboro flavor code.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think the important thing is the performance as I said in my remarks of Dji Sam Soe and Sampoerna A, the two hand rolled kretek brands, but cost during the middle of the year, the price points and competitive brands in the same category, have not yet crossed that point. I don’t know exactly their pricing, but logic says that during the second half of this year, they should cross that point and should help our share. Okay? For the other brands in the portfolio are doing very well. And as I also said, we are increasing the marketing support of the brands, so I'm fairly optimistic about the share situation in Indonesia.
André Calantzopoulos: I don't know how competitors are pricing. I cannot predict this obviously, but Indonesia in general, the tradition is, as I explained previously that, at the beginning of the year, your price is covering the excise tax increases and then you get net pricing during the year. You always have gradual pricing in Indonesia during the year, okay? As the year unfolds, we have our plan for pricing. I would expect, also given the excise tax and continued pressure from the clubs, other manufacturers are going to have a similar approach. So, yes, we will be probably under some pressure for the next few months, but overall we can see moderate share gains during the full year.
André Calantzopoulos: I wouldn’t say they lower in rupee terms. Clearly, the evaluation in dollar terms they have come a little bit down. Now, the purchase has happened in the market. We are quite I would say lucky this year that we had second year of a very decent cold, but if you look at the impact on us, we had a very big impact on our costs in 2012, '13 is going down and as we annualized the inventory replenishment the impact is going to be even lower in comparative terms next year, so we our other price stability and our price is going down.
André Calantzopoulos: Yes. Day one, if you do the math, it's 4%. You are right, but then way also there Ministry of Finance is looking at areas, what the end result is going to be, including share, some down trading from that portfolio. As I said previously, there will be some share movement. As I also said, we will put some additional promotional money for a period of time. Overall if these prices are accepted, we will have some net positive.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Look, the positives about Indonesia is it has positive demographics. Also, I think long-term account, it has a lot of potential and we have seen that there is up trading this year, last year and I expect up-trading to continue this year. We had some particular issues. The first one is, the disappearance of the low tax tier, but in a shortcut we call the sister companies. That has a 3 billion cigarette impact on us and we have discontinued these brands actually, but other competitors are much more affected. Clearly, it's either discontinue these brands or you take very substantial price increases, which I think is reasonable to assume it will have some impact on total market this year. Okay? This is one of the key factors why we have predicted its prediction 1% total market growth. The other one is the devaluation of currency is bringing inflation, and many of the goods in Indonesia including fuel are important, so we are seeing some inflation happening. That’s, again, unfortunately hit the low end consumers. If we see some deceleration is at the low price segment, and bigger the factor that I can describe today, but long-term as I explained, I think the country has tremendous potential.
André Calantzopoulos: To be honest with you, Vivien I don’t take the fuel subsidies actions, because I don’t know how to factor the mean, but try to bake in all this factors I described and that’s the best guest we have.
André Calantzopoulos: I think, if I recall correctly, we took a slightly higher price elasticity given the magnitude of the increases. We need to look at the history of Russia, where with a tax plan which is very welcome, because it gives us predictability. We had three subsequent years of a substantial tax and price increases, so it's not only one year. Its three years. I think it's reasonable to assume some higher elasticity. Now, whether 9% to 11% is the final number we'll see as the quarters unfold, okay? I want to remind you two things. First, that this is the last year of large tax increases and we should be looking at a better tax environment, although continuously predictable as of 2015 and beyond. Secondly, despite this projected quite large volume decline, we also, as I said in my remarks, foresee a pretty substantially profitability growth in Russia due to margin improvement.
André Calantzopoulos: Marginally, it's always the case. We have put this in our guidance, obviously, okay? We also have, as I explained previously, this year the disappearance of kiosks. Although it's difficult to say that this will have an impact on total consumption, we have to see also what it really does in terms of impact on consumers, but always it's part of our estimate.
André Calantzopoulos: If we look at 2015, clearly a contribution of reduced risk products is rather de minimis and we will be in investment mode, because of the expansion or introduction of reduced risk products for the next two, three years, okay? Reality is, for the time being the investment is going against our numbers, so at least once we come even and breakeven on this, the rest is incremental. For the time being, we are negative on reinvestment you appreciate that.
