Hermann G. Waldemer: I think the most important point is really your last point. We are early in the year. Yes, we are facing a difficult comp in Q2. But the underlying business, as I said also in the prepared remarks, is in very good shape. We're very happy. There is no -- really no change in the business prospects that we had expected when we gave our initial guidance on the business side in February. It's just early in the year. There is always upside in life. There is also risks in business. That's why our guidance also is a guidance that spans $0.10.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes, I think -- I mean, if you look at really the shipment shares in January at 28.3, February at 28.5 and then March, 27.3, it is pretty obvious that it's influenced by competitive trade load. The fact, simply, is that we only have had so far one launch this year, the Lark Hybrid One 100s. In the same period, JT had 3 launches. Our pipeline is also there. This is going to come in the next months. So I think we are in a very good position. The market dynamics are back to normal. Again, the novelty impact is always there in Japan. You were asking for offtake shares. They are very, very slightly below 30%. So that's a very, very small decline to what we had seen the 2 months before. Also, that one, I would say, is driven by the novelty and the trial of new products that have come to the market.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I think there are -- Europe is, of course, a mixed picture, as we all know. And if you just take the 2 extremes, if you like, on the growth and on the more difficult side, the German cigarette market has been growing 3.1% in the first quarter versus previous year. Whereas in Spain, while there was some growth, but there is really just, due to very, very undemanding comps in the first quarter of last year, that really the retailers have brought down their inventories quite a bit. The Spanish economy continues to be very difficult. Unemployment continues to increase. So I, again, would expect the Spanish market for the full year still to be down at least 10% again. So let's not be misled by the first quarter. There is quite a mixed picture, but if we really kind of step back for a moment and look at really what has happened more on a macro basis in terms of volume trends, then I would say, yes, the so-called more mature markets, the decline rates have really moderated if you compare that to, say, 3 years ago. At the same time, in a number of emerging markets, the growth rates actually have accelerated compared to 3 years ago. And that, of course, taken together, combined with our great portfolio and our momentum also in terms of market share, provides us with potential opportunities for further volume growth and for good performance that's more from a macro picture.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, David, we have never made really or given quarterly guidance. I won't do it now as well either. I mean, the 2 points really to keep in mind here are that the hurdle due to Japan is about $0.10, EPS cents. So the calculation there really is the market in Q2 in Japan was about 45 billion cigarettes, our market share was 42, our retention share is about 28. That makes a difference of 14. Multiplied on the market size is a volume hurdle of about 6.3. You take the margin, you take the cost, you deduct the tax, you divide by the number of shares, and that brings you to about the $0.10. So that I can confirm or reconfirm. We have said that before. And other than that, I would really revert you back to the full year guidance because that's what really counts and our continued conviction that business fundamentals are doing well. We are doing extremely well. Things are good. Things are in order, and they keep on going as we had expected from the very beginning of this year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: That's correct. And as I said in the question before also, I mean, it's not only Japan -- that trend of moderating decline rates in the so-called mature markets is a Japanese sentiment, it's also a European sentiment. It's really hard to pinpoint that down to what it is. The fact really is, in Japan now, completely back to Japan, that actually, the smoking rate has been stable. Smoking incidence has been stable since at least middle of last year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: We are increasing capacity. That's part of the reason why CapEx is going up. Of course, we are adjusting our capacity to the needs there. On cloves, that's a cyclical harvest actually. Typically, you have a strong harvest in one year. You have a weaker harvest in the other year. 2011 was a weak year in terms of overall clove harvest. The indications for this year are good. It should be a strong harvest. And of course, that would lead to replenishment of the clove stocks that we would then, of course, perform.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I would say managing price gaps has a lot to do with managing price structures and price -- tax structures, excuse me, not price structures, tax structures. And we have seen improvement in tax structures in many, many places. I give you a couple of recent examples. France increased the specific component at the end of last year. Spain, just right now, the excise tax increase there had at the same time are rebalancing from -- at the lower end to specific tax. They missed out on the minimum tax in Spain. Let's hope that it's going to be corrected going forward. Only at the beginning of this week, actually, in a press conference of the Deputy Prime Minister in Turkey and the Finance Minister in Turkey, they also announced that they will look at the structure of excise tax there without increasing overall tax burden and that will implement a specific element into the overall structure. Details, timing, all that remains to be seen. But that's, again, an important step forward. Again, also this week, a public announcement of President Putin in Russia that yes, there will be regular excise tax increases in Russia, but there shouldn't be any excessive excise tax increases there either. So a lot of improvement. Brazil earlier, where they began to do away with those many tax tiers that clearly were a disadvantage for Marlboro. So there is improvement in a lot of places and that helps. And then as well helps you and, as a consequence, helps us to put in the correct and the right price gaps.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes, I mean, if the origin is of course what you said, it is the overall economies. And many of those economies, take Indonesia as an example, have really excellent macroeconomic indicators. So Indonesia GDP growth is forecast at 6.5%. Consumer confidence is really high, inflation expectations of 5%, i.e., there is -- there are real wage increases there, so improved affordability. A growing adult population is, of course, another factor that plays in there. And when it all comes together and you have the right brands to compete in such a market, this is how you generate your volume growth, your market share growth overall. I mean, Indonesia, to stay with that example, has been growing a bit more than 12% in the first quarter. I don't expect that to happen for the full year, but I still expect a strong growth of about 6% to 8%. That factors in that in that market, eventually, the existing subsidies for fuel prices will be reduced. That's going to take out a little bit of the purchasing power. That's the reason why I would expect the 6% to 8%. But a 6% to 8% is, of course, again very strong growth. And in the Indonesian market, just to compare, it will now be well above 300 billion, i.e., at the size of the U.S. market or even slightly bigger.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I would say, including the Japanese hurdle, I would continue to expect stable volume, eventually slight growth. If you would exclude the Japan hurdle, the 6.3 billion that I was quoting earlier, then we definitely expect strong organic growth. That wouldn't be that far away, actually, from the 1% target.
Hermann G. Waldemer: The closing number is hard to predict, but I would say there are really many places in the world where relatively speaking, if you take the last 3 years' horizon, that our situation is actually improving. So what I mentioned earlier, really on more moderate decline in the mature markets and stronger growth in the emerging markets, there I can see it. At the same time, there are a number of markets where the potential or the actual up-trading has come back, that would be Russia. Russia is not going to be a growing market. I would expect again, say, about 2% decline this year, just like the 2 years before. But here, you have the up-trading element in there. So the combination of all those factors provides the basis for a continued growing and successful business for us.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, the really declining volume -- segment is the low-price filter and non-filter segment. So there is up-trading in the market overall. Then don't forget that there was another price increase in the market. So if you like, people had to up-trade in any case because prices were going up. Then if you look through the portfolio, actually, Parliament, our above-premium brand, is growing tremendously, a record market share of 3.2%. That's really excellent. Yes, Marlboro in the quarter is still down 0.2% to a 2% share. Marlboro is on a low basis in Russia, as we all know. Well, that you also have to see in the context that we actually increased the price for Marlboro by RUB 5 to RUB 60, a price positioning measure we took there, which is just part of our overall efforts in that market. marketing sales price positioning product. Everything goes together how we want to bring back Marlboro in the growth track in the market. So don't pay too much importance to the 0.2% in the month. We are working on the equity of Marlboro and that, obviously, doesn't show from one quarter to the next. That's a longer-term investment, which we are willing to go.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, in terms of trade inventory movements or in, if you like, what I called undemanding comparisons in the first quarter, that would, of course, be Japan. That would be Mexico at the other end of the world. But otherwise, nothing in that sense unusual. There will always be trade inventory movements from one quarter to the next. That's pretty obvious, but nothing spectacular that I could see there.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, for the individual market, Greece is of course -- the decline and the deterioration that we have seen in that market, it is important. If you apply then on the PMI scale in terms of comparisons, then of course, quarter-on-quarter there, last year to this year, Greece is not important. I mean, it's simply the situation in a Greece or in a Spain in our market reflects the very serious underlying problems of those 2 economies.
Hermann G. Waldemer: The total market size is -- in Greece in the first quarter, now you test my memory. It must be not too much. So Greece, about 1.2 billion. It's in the range of 20% to 25% down in Greece. I mean, it really reflects what you see in the economy there, which is why I cautioned earlier on Spain, if you just look at the market this quarter, that would be misleading. It's just comparing to a first quarter of 2011 where retail -- where tobacco leaves have really bought down their inventories dramatically and where you had the first quarter where the full-fledged public smoking ban also came into effect. So Q1 Spain this year compares to a very weak Q1 Spain last year, which is why I said, I expect another at least 10% decline in Spain for the full year. And the 10% decline expectation is probably realistic for Portugal as well.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, excise taxes have gone up also in Indonesia in the range of 7% to 8%, which compares to an inflation expectation of 5%. It's not that there are no excise increases in this part of the world. There are. It's just the overall economy. The environment is simply a growth environment, a strong growth environment. And it's kind of at the other extreme of the scale. When we were just talking Spain -- well, when we talk Indonesia, we talk about everything on the other side there.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. Essentially, I mean, the beneficiary in terms of share was, of course, the company that has not raised the prices. The only company that has not raised prices, KT&G. That was combined by a fairly bizarre consumer campaign on their side, highlighting the difference between the foreigners and the Koreans, and that was the impact. But that stuff, at the end of the day, is an impact. At the moment, we are back now to a more normal situation going forward. And the underlying trend that the Korean consumer prefers international products over Korean products, that has not changed because of those events.
Hermann G. Waldemer: So Latin America first. Well, yes, we have -- we are in the process of closing the costly plant that we have in Venezuela. That's correct. Then some organizational adjustments and stuff that we had also in Columbia -- salary impact there. And we are in the process of discussing our plans in Mexico with the employees' representatives. So that's really what's going on there. On the cost side, this is ongoing management of our business. This is nothing an underlying cost increase that will be there now or forever. Moving over to the plain packaging situation, yes, the hearings in Australia in front of the High Court have been finalized to date. The court has reserved the matter for judgment. So I would expect a decision from the High Court in Australia in the first quarter. But as you rightly say, this is not the only legal avenue. There are 3 legal avenues and 3 proceedings out there, the second one being the claim that Philip Morris has under that bilateral investment treaty between Hong Kong and Australia. There, the situation is that the first 2 judges on that panel have been selected, i.e., the judge that we select and the one that the government selects. Now those 2 judges are in the process to select the third arbitrator and judge for the panel. We expect that to happen sometime now in April or in May. So I would expect the first procedural hearings in that case in June. But as we always said, don't expect rapid judgment. This is a process that's going to take from there at least another 2 years. The third avenue is a legal proceeding between governments, i.e., the proceedings under WTO. So the first 2 countries that have started proceedings under those rules are Honduras and the Ukraine. I would -- we would expect actually more countries later in the process to join that effort. Again, however, a process that is not going to last just a couple of months. These are longer processes, but promising legal avenues.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, there must be a misunderstanding, quite frankly. Because in the quarter, our pricing variance is $369 million and the volume mix impact is a positive $224 million, actually adding up to $593 million, almost $600 million, i.e., an increase of more than $300 million versus first quarter of 2011.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, this is -- of course, this is a number of markets. This is many markets. This is Indonesia we talked about before. This is Korea. These are price changes in many markets. It's just, I mean, on a quarter-to-quarter, sometimes, they can be just timing, which quarter comes first. But there is nothing really unusual. We don't -- we take the pricing as we deem appropriate, but no, there's no specific trend out there that I could see.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I would say it bodes well also for the Turkish government. Such change is clearly in the interest of the government. Overall, I mean, Turkey, as a country, has a good economic outlook. Turkey has shown us often in the past that, yes, it's volatile, it's often steeper on the way down, but it's also definitely steeper on the way up. I think that's what we'll see again. We'll see a situation there of a GDP growth expectation of 4%. So things are going pretty well. And coming -- when it comes to us, well, we have a superb portfolio. This is Parliament. This is Marlboro. This is Muratti. This is Lark. This is L&M. This is Bond Street. We cover the entire range. And that's really, I would say, the secret behind our success in that market that we welcome a change in the excise structure. Of course, we do, and as you know, we have been working with the government on that. And now, as I said earlier, so the government has declared their intention to provide changes whilst the nature and the extent of the change, the timing of the changes is still open. Take it altogether, certainly positive dynamics for the Turkish market.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. I mean, our plans for the year have remained the same. Obviously, I will not divulge what our plans are going forward. But look back to the last 3 years, 4 years, and you can see that pricing has been a constant factor and has been an important factor in our growth over those years and continues to be, and honestly, always will continue to be.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes, well, the U.K. has actually announced at the beginning of this week that they'll start a consultation period lasting 12 weeks. As you know, they have done the very same thing 2.5 years ago. The government has clearly stated that they want to listen to the public views, that they want to consider the legal implication, that they want to consider potential cost to retailer and the impact on demand for smuggled and counterfeit cigarettes. We will participate, of course, in that consultation. We will show that there is no credible evidence that plain packaging will reduce smoking rates, and that on the contrary, that plain packaging has serious adverse consequences, including an increase in black market for counterfeit and smuggled cigarettes. And those markets are run by criminals. So on the basis of the same facts, then 2.5, 3 years ago, I would hope and expect that the government comes to the same conclusion.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, Marlboro is tremendously successful in many, many places around the world, and it has been growing also in this quarter it's volume quite a bit. That being said, well, the world is never really perfect and we are always open as well about disclosing that we are not happy with the situation of Marlboro. Russia would be the one place. We are just too competitive and ambitious people to accept that Marlboro will stay on a 2% share in the big Russian market. Marlboro can do more and this is why we put the resources behind, the creativity behind. This is about marketing. This is about sales. This is about retail. This is about products also and product innovation for the Russian market. So we are investing because we want to improve the situation. Another markets where the situation on Marlboro has been difficult over the years is the German market, where Marlboro, essentially today, is the only premium brand left because everybody else has repositioned to the low end of the market. However, that being said, low in Germany means $0.50, $0.60 below the premium pricing. This is, therefore, not a price problem. It's an equity problem. And here again, in Marlboro -- for Marlboro in Germany, we have there worked on the campaign, the new "Be Marlboro, Don't Be A Maybe" campaign, which is showing strong signs of really -- of success there and is improving quite a bit the smoker share amongst the 18- to 24-year-old. Innovation that we have brought to the brand has helped enormously. They actually stand in Q1 for 10% of the total volume of Marlboro. So you see, we are tackling it from all ends, but it is important to remember that whilst there are places here and there that our performance can be improved and we are working to improve it, if you put it on a global scale, then Marlboro is doing very, very well. And it's doing extremely well in the most important Asian markets.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. I think the share losses have occurred, come back, not yet. I was just saying that at the end of the day, the competition in Korea will be amongst brands, and we certainly have the stronger brands in this market compared to a local competitor there.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No, I mean, Philip Morris as a brand has always been one of our core international brands. It is just, if you like, the brand that we have selected to address the -- our underrepresentation in the low-price international segment in Italy. So I mean, it has always been a very strong brand, for example, in Argentina. It has always been a strong and growing brand over the last 10 years, I would already say, in France. No, it's just one of our top brands, but there is nothing. There is no underlying change in the way we look at it.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I mean, in terms of really -- of CapEx, we have not changed really our multi-year average that CapEx should be in the 1:1 ratio in relation to depreciation and amortization. From 1 year to the next there can be above and then a little bit below. The average will be there. I mean, in terms of big categories where we invest, that would be super high-speed machinery. There is machinery today that can produce 20,000 cigarettes a minute. Then of course, in the important Indonesian market, that would be the capacity increase that we have there. Then we are in the process of finalizing the greenfield factory in Korea. We are investing in Korea. So the secondary is up and running. Primarily will be running in July, August of this year. In the Philippines, we do the factory upgrades following the business combination there. So it's ongoing. In terms of other investment for innovative products, as you know very well, the margin dynamics of this industry, if you really have a seller, the investment on CapEx is amortized pretty quickly.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I mean, yes, you're right, I mean, in March, we actually issued $1.25 billion of bonds, $550 million with a 5-year tenure at 1.625%. And we actually issued also a 30-year bond for $700 million at 4.5%. So as you can see, again, we think also long-term and not just short-term benefit, i.e., we have increased the time, the duration of our outstanding debt. In terms of total cost of debt, the year-to-date number would be 4.2%. It has been 5% in the year 2010. It has been 4.4% in the year 2011, i.e., it keeps on coming down.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I mean, essentially, as you said, this is short term. We are able to borrow at extremely favorable rates on the commercial paper market. That was actually a $3.7 billion at 20 basis point average by the way, 20 basis point average at month's end. This fluctuates. So the year-to-date average would be already $1 billion less, would be $2.7 billion. But last year's average was -- the full year average was $1.9 billion. So you will always have fluctuations there. But in terms of overall financing, really, the basic principles and the cornerstones around it have not changed, the most important being that we want to be comfortably in the middle of a single A credit rating.
