Jacek Olczak: It's very early stages, but for reasons we are not talking about the market share et cetera. But I think first reaction of Korean smokers are much better than what we experienced at the same period when we entered Japan, largely much better. I guess, obviously, Korea benefits from the somehow cross-border growing awareness coming from Japan. So the grant at the consumer level really was a better prepared. But, I think Korea might equally or better surprise us in terms of the results in Japan. This would be my reading at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: Finally, we have applied for the price increase of Marlboro and a conventional - the conventional cigarettes. And timing for the implementation is September this year. I'm not aware at this stage of any other competitor price changes in Japan.
Jacek Olczak: Look, Judy, it all boils down to the available capacity, okay? I think we observe as we speak a better productivity from the installed machines. So we might be able to go beyond the 32 billion, which we had initially announced available capacity for this year. If this would happen, I mean, it clearly will be able to sell or to ship more. But I can say, look, if we have that product available and then we can actually do the revenue better than 7%. But at this stage, we'll just say that we will be about 7%. More precisely that number will be - I think we'll update it that outlook in Q3, as we will know so much really the productions we had capacity with them. When it comes to the one point lift in our revenue guidance if you like, and they're not lifting the guidance. I mean, we have a range, 9% to 12%, so this is pretty - or relatively broad territory. I have highlighted in my remarks that we actually have a pretty challenging situation from a pricing perspective in Russia, so we have to be relatively cautious on this one. Although, very recently it comes from good news from the fiscal authorities with regards on the view on the potential excise increase in 2018, which will not really or at all change the 2017, but gives us a better outlook for 2018. And we still have to see what is the total impact from this very high tax price increase in Saudi. Okay, and that's very much the Q2 - sorry, Q3, Q4 type of event, which we have in front of us. We'll see what we'll have. We're continuously investing behind the IQOS. As you could see, the growth rate in all geographies are very solid, very good, very encouraging. We opened recently Korea. We have a few other markets which we will have - very likely - we'll have to very likely put up the investment to support that revenue level, which these markets are generating now. We will see how we close. But I think it's a nice problem to have as long as we see the good quality of a top-line growth and you presumably notice that for the first time we're not only driving the revenue by pricing variance, but there is a pretty good contribution at the revenue level from a volume mix actually or product mix. So I think the quality very nicely comes to the top line. And I think it will one day also flow very nicely to the bottom line.
Jacek Olczak: Look, I think that - we actually welcome the competitors entering the Heat-not-Burn category, because from a consumer awareness perspective, et cetera, it's actually going to be helpful other than us riding the - building the awareness of the category, the product, the brand in our own. We have been coexisting at least at the city-type basis, with competitors' product, the [GET product and the BET] [ph] product. You see the trajectory of - the growth trajectory of IQOS in these places, I mean, it's still pretty comfortable. But overall, I think it's actually not that bad, but the competitors also coming to the market and the general awareness of the product is - of the product categories - sorry - is growth. I mean, IQOS, it is early days. I mean, we'll have to look at the national expansion like here announced by the competitors in Japan. I mean, how it is going to change the dynamics in terms of the growth rates of IQOS. But at this stage, I think we feel pretty confident that consumer will - we will continue having a high conversion rate and very importantly higher stickiness rate to our proposition.
Jacek Olczak: Well, at the beginning of the year, if I remember, we said that we will cover to the Yen for about 40%. We obviously brought up the hedge ratio higher to about 50%. But in the meantime, the cash flows and revenue from Japan start shooting higher also than we initially thought. So it's a little bit now of a moving target. So therefore, we have the exposure - we have this exposure, still uncovered exposure on Yen. But the Yen in Q2, just Q2, if I take the actual, right, the $0.11 which we had in the quarter, the Yen actually contributed to the negative only by $0.01. I think it's more what we think will be the cash flows and our hedge ratios going forward and it will value this at the spot rate. So this obviously changes the outlook, i.e., the guidance over $0.14. So, two currencies which moved us in this quarter were Euro by $0.04 and Egyptian pound over $0.04. And Egyptian pound is something which we need to pay attention, because we had the - last quarter of 2016 we had a quite big negative currency variance, despite the fact that the majority of the currencies were actually improving versus dollar. And these were the transactional losses, which we incurred on Egyptian pound. Now, Egyptian pound is relatively are pretty stable since then, after this massive devaluation. So at the current spot rate we should have a complete reversal of the negative variance on a currency line in Q4, which may lead to the - or it should lead the current spot rate to the situations that we will have some negative currency in Q3. And we should flip completely to the positive currency in Q4 and this blended will give us this $0.14, which we have announced today in the guidance.
Jacek Olczak: Matthew, without going into specifically the pricing variance for the full year, which obviously Russia will wait, because now for the six months, two quarters, we essentially have no net pricing despite the fact that for the first two quarters PMI had about 6% pricing variance, but it's going to wait for the year. I'd rather focus that the pricing situation in Russia is, in fact, well factored in our net revenue outlook for the year by above 7%, this is probably trying to manage the situations, clearly it always have had not allow the pricing opportunity to take extra pricing in Russia, I mean, net revenue and pricing volumes correspondingly would be high. This is the situations in Russia today. To remember usually as of Q2, us, I guess, industry where even net positive start of a pricing situation in Russia, right, to generate tax increases pass on a little bit ahead was that back end of the year, the previous year, and the current year, and now we aimed in June, and my estimates are correct, industry and us are presumably few rubles maybe up to 5 rubles below the pass-on as of January this year. So actually the only pricing which we have in Russia today, is the fading out annualization of the past year, and you have no net pricing due to current year. But as I said, this is factored in at 7% higher revenue growth for us. That's the situation.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean, the few factors which we have for the Q3 and Q4 ahead us. First, I think, we expect the correction of volumes in Indonesia due to the timing, right, because Indonesia along due to the timing of this inventory movements around Ramadan and et cetera, I guess our estimate is about 2 billion units in Indonesia, which we should see the payback of that in Q3. There is a bit lower growth in Indonesia compared to the last year, but pricing goes through the consumer is a bit softer than in past years. Philippines are going where we wanted Philippines to go. So that's - I wouldn't expect any surprises price gap's getting close. Marlboro performance well. I think we might also improve our competitive situation and profitability situations at the bottom end of the market, I think, Philippines should nicely be continue contributing. Indonesia, I said, should have a better second half of the year than the first half of the year. Pakistan a little help on the volumes, the Pakistan is not really the driver of the financial performance, but it's good to solve this problem. Russia, I don't think - I wouldn't count on any surprises on a pricing there on both sides. And the question mark is how consumers going to take this 100% of doubling the prices in Saudi, and they are still a few other GCC states, which as we understand also planned to increase the taxes between now and the year-end, so we'll have to see how this unfolds. The EU has a good strength both on the underlying volumes. Share is in a good shape is more the questions how much, we will report in terms of the investment behind than IQOS, which we may reach the sacrifice the profitability within EU for the sake of building the right revenue opportunity, which lies in front of IQOS in EU. This is how I will do. The range is 9% to 12%, how we - there was the reasons why we expanded that range, I think we will deliver in the range. That's clearly the report today we have to have. We have not revised the range, both the target EPS range probably 5% in currency. We will reach the high-end of the range. Look, I mean, the speculations we'll have to see.
Jacek Olczak: I think, you guys, a little bit still early to talk about this. France is a few months longer with plain packaging. And I don't want to sound sarcastic, okay. But I remember when we had these discussions in Australia, a couple of years ago, the early quarters of implementation, there was the market share erosions and down trading, and people were trying to connect the dots between plain packaging, and what is happening in the market, which we were arguing that this is correlation of quotation at the best place. In France actually Marlboro grew share in the quarter by 60 basis points. This is the quarter post plain packaging implementation. And I am not implying discussed through of the plain packaging, I think this is the never argument for each the market dynamics at this in a short-term is nothing so there was the plain packaging implementation. We always - we are using this argument that the two things are somehow thought to relate. And actually my total share, if I recall the number correctly in a release. I think, we grew the share total PMI by almost one full 90 basis points, while doesn't seem there is a down trading in a market, doesn't seem that the premium brands or premium segments at this stage is impacted by plain packaging, but I won't to be surprised frankly speaking, that it would be.
Jacek Olczak: Thank you. It's a very good question actually, because, yes, the national distribution would help in the building the momentum and growing the awareness on behalf of our international distribution requires the full availability of full capacity, okay, to meet very lightly searching demand. So reasons why we holding many of our markets essentially, all of our markets outside Japan for the city-type of territories, it's for the reasons that we'll create essentially on a manageable constraint on the supply chain. We are barely still until the end of this quarter. We are coping with Japan. The capacity should start this in Q3, Q4. But again, as we have highlighted through before over the - I mean the priorities to stabilize Japan from a supply chain perspective, okay. And we need to leave the quota for the devices, we also working on developing the second device suppliers. We will have a full flexibility on devices hopefully full flexibility of the HeatSticks volume for Japan. And then we can start leveraging the expanded distribution as the factor of increasing the awareness in our market. But you're absolutely spot on I your question. There is some correlations between broader availability of the product and the awareness. It's a little bit opportunity. But in territories, surely focused at the stages even this restricted part of the territories as much as obviously, one can restrict territory in a given market. In these restricted territories, the growth trajectory, acceptance, conversations are very positive. I mean, you see this on the chart which regularly update this performance on every market. There are differences between the markets. But they have one common denominator, they all have good offer, that's very encouraging for us. And with regards to spending, we will maintain high level of spending in Japan that's pretty obvious, but we are now serving, Japan summer this year will close by past 3 million consumers. So that's an obviously entails, so requires some support, which we have a link to do. And obviously building up, or preparing the rest of the market mainly, EU. You will see by the spending year-on-year in comparison behind IQOS in particular in the EU Region. Obviously, Korea will come in Asia. This is on the early stages so there will be investment, mainly at Korea.
Jacek Olczak: It can be very significant. I mean, where we trying to compete on a full flavor pipe part of the machine-made and the lighter - or lighters, smoother part of that segment. It is a growing segment. I mean, this largely - fastest growing segment. We obviously - it's important segment for us, it's a building block of our continuous leadership in the market. So we will be very focused there. We also very pleased with the Marlboro trends to the kreteks segment, if you like. Very good results despite that there were some sort of cannibalization between Marlboro Whites and Marlboro - to Marlboro kretek combined Marlboro Fresh nicely grew this year. I think there is still a distribution expansion ahead of this brand. So despite that they are not in international wide availability, they're very nicely both the proposition already contributing to the overall share of the Indonesian market. So we are very pleased with this, and we'll continue focus on this. There will be some happening from time to time, which is very much around the pricing. There are some brands, which are sitting at around per pack price points. But we had it in the past. So this is sort of a cyclical type of a thing, and - but we'll focus to conclude the answering your questions, we'll focus on the machine-made segment going forward.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. I mean, we're building this distribution, will it go faster than Marlboro. It's hard to - for me to say now, but clearly, we have that expansion. The classical launch planned in Indonesia, with you start with x number of territories. You build that brand there, and then, you start going to a number of territories, pretty large market, right. So we don't have despite the fact that we think we have a pretty strong capability to deploy - deployment capability in Indonesia. We have the capability to have our Indonesia in one month or two months in terms of a national distribution.
Jacek Olczak: No. It was IQOS could, I guess, by not better than we initially would have thought, but this is more the function of how much product we have available. So we just - which has essentially sold those [indiscernible] what we could. And on the combustible business, on the conventional business not much actually surprises. I mean, we knew that, we have that [indiscernible] but the timing in Indonesia. I have quantified this is roughly about $2 billion for us, but this what should see in Q3. So the Q3 should come stronger versus the Q3 last year. Pakistan, I think, authorities addressing this problem with illicit trade. They're trying to help addressing this problem with creation of this extra tax tier, it's very helpful. I mean, that come as a surprise, but the results volume-wise, I think should start growing Q3 and Q4. And we know that we expecting that tax increase in GCC. Okay, Saudi started - okay, it's a little bit of impact on Q2 volume. But we sometime - we've somehow been factoring this in our projection. So remember that during the first quarter earnings call, I said, that we expect the total combined volume for the year to be 2% to 3%. I think, I came that we might actually come - 3% to 4% and that we may come closer to the 3%, actually pretty sure we're going to come closer to the 3% based on what we have achieved in Q2, how we've seen our situations level for the Q3 and Q4.
Jacek Olczak: But, look, it's - we're gaining - we're taking the benefits now of a better productivity. We can run the machine faster and we can install machine faster. So it's not necessary that we can accelerate the CapEx as such. But once the machine arrives at the factory, we can put them in a production much faster than the first groups of machines. So it's obvious gain on the timing of implementation. And clearly we have a gain that the factory people are doing the spectacular job with how well they start running this machines, and this is becoming material. So I have said as answer to the one of the previous questions, we will end up with the higher volume than a 32 billion. That's very clear to me. But at this stage, I wouldn't like to commit to this, because this is a productivity gains. So the calculation is a little bit more complicated. But for sure, we are going to end up with higher volume than 32 billion guaranteed.
Jacek Olczak: I think, we'll try to build the full - we'll have to unblock the supply chain for Japan first, which includes proper lifting hopefully the caps on the devices. We have on hand in Japan, onshore, the right inventory. So we can have smooth operations from the supply chain perspective in Japan. That's our objective number one. So most of the capacity will be - our priority on the capacity allocations would be for Japan. So I don't think we might be in a situation to push any market outside Japan for the national distribution. I don't think we'll be in the positions to do so. But then obviously is Korea, as I hinted, Korea started better than Japan, and we have to start factoring Korea in this calculations as well. So I think - so we will now go national outside Japan this year, like, 99% guarantee.
Jacek Olczak: Look, this unavailability or not the full availability of the devices has created a lot of opportunities for our people, completely not related to Philip Morris, and I guess, this is from what you're referring to. So we have a number of e-commerce sites in a various number of places, not only in Japan, but outside Japan, with our devices somehow are being sold. And you know, Vivien, very well, we have a listed of $100 plus-minus the currency in different countries. And we ended up with devices being sold on this various e-commerce site at the prices of $600, $800 or even $1000. So that's the situation, until the moment when we completely lift the caps on the devices. And we will be in the - in ability to supply fully the market, we'll have all of these things. We have our online sales, our own online PMI sales in the different countries. You can go to the iqos.com, korea.com, et cetera. But we are not pushing this for the third party channel.
Jacek Olczak: No, there is no correlation. Actually, where we're selling the product, there's a Marlboro and the Marlboro trademark in Japan or as HeatSticks from Marlboro in other places, which is the [Park, Dresden and other] [ph] places, there is no differences in cannibalization between the two geography.
Jacek Olczak: Good afternoon, Adam. Look, the territories which we are listing on the slide, okay, you have to look that we still very much focus depends on the country, on the cities, right, not even on the entire territories. If I give example of Switzerland, right, because presumably, might for some, look like a slowdown in the penetration of the growth of a market share. I mean, you have to really zoom what is happening in Geneva, Lausanne, Neuchatel and Zurich, I mean, a few places where we're really focused, okay. Some of these places, iQOS is already above 3% or 4%, some of the place, I think, is even closer to the 6%. Obviously, in this territory, altogether, including the villages, you have to look at the urbanization, non-urbanization of Switzerland, I mean, this turns to 0.9%. We're not worried about this at all. In every zooming territory in which we are, we have a good trajectory, and therefore, the investment is behind these markets to have a right base going forward, but also remember that we expanding our territories, which are not even in Europe, which are not even in this chart. That is obviously entails the additional spend. We don't read the chart in a way that - Greece, in my opinion, have a very spectacular growth rate, and we know that the Greece could have gone higher if we would allow Greece to expand broader. We're just focusing on what we focus. It's good that is relatively faster or slower, the famous 2%, 3% that which we think is the point from which the word of mouth et cetera, start to help.
Jacek Olczak: No. I am talking that the 42% weighted distribution on our Switzerland, but the real focus is on few cities. And obviously for the distributions, when you have a HeatSticks available in the stores, et cetera, there is not much of the IQOS sales shop - support, okay. The focus is in the big cities of relative to the size of Switzerland. And there, if I look at the readings, as I said, in the places like Lausanne, Geneva, few others, I mean, they pretty impressive. That is what I mean.
Jacek Olczak: No, we're happy with the progress we're making on the conventional business. I mean, you have to - there is a reason why we're talking about the total revenue line and the combined volumes, et cetera, because you'll have to now factor back to the combustible business, the volumes and the margins and the revenues which we are cannibalizing on the way, okay? So that's the job. Am I happy with the development of pricing in Russia? Clearly, not, okay. So it's - and am I happy that the consumer - are we happy that the consumer in Indonesia is a bit softer? I mean, obviously not. Am I happy that Mighty was not really playing fairly or faring the market? No. So we always will have the [indiscernible] the situation. But the way we love to handle that thing is actually we can grow the revenue or deliver the pricing value, for the six months of 6%, despite the fact that we had this clearer headwind that we can deliver the good quality, in my opinion, very good quality, in my opinion top-line growth of 7% or above for the full year, which is a nice mixing of the pricing and the volume rather than just the pricing with just the past [indiscernible]. I'm very pleased with this development. I mean, we're very much looking at the quality of the top-line growth. And you see this quarter, and revenue level at least, I mean, for the first time we're turning into positive volume type of a territory in terms of the contribution from IQOS.
Jacek Olczak: The old platform as we said before, sorry the two and three before the year-end should go to the test market.
Jacek Olczak: Yeah, city test market and platform for the product growth is now hearing the comments of the feedback which we get from the consumers in Birmingham. And this is incorporating or incorporating this feedback into the next version of the product. This was the purpose of the test market. I think the MESH, we delivered on what we wanted to deliver. But also that has also to see what else we should add to the product in terms of the performance of that, try to address what are the consumer needs. But that's the part of our - you will see more of the things that the test market is for the purpose of really verifying in real-life what we need to do and then go back quickly to the drawing board and follow up shortly with the new product release. We somehow went for this very quickly in Japan. But people may not remember that their version of the IQOS device, which we have sold initially during the test market in Nagoya is a different product version which we have nationally expanded. And it is a different product version what we are shipping to Japan right now. So Japan is already at the third generation or release if you like of the devices and you incorporate the feedback from the consumers. And I guess, other platforms will follow the same sort of a pattern.
Jacek Olczak: Well, usually we target inventory in terms of the duration, right? So if I would compare the duration of inventory there for IQOS compared to what we strategically or normally maintain for the conventional IQOS would be below conventional, so that's clearly the level of inventories which is not sufficient to maintain the current level of operation. Now, obviously on a conventional business in Japan even before the opening of a new product category, the market is in a secular decline rate, et cetera. So from time to time, your inventories automatically have a longer duration if you don't adjust the volume. IQOS is a reverse situation. I mean, as result - on a projected volume, what we think is the duration. And if I don't ship the product next week the inventory is going to grow dramatically, because I'm on the increasing shipments to the retailer. So I would - our thinking is that we should end up in Japan with the inventories at minimum duration-wise with the level of conventional cigarettes. And actually if we could, we would like to build that inventory higher, because let us remember that we still today have one operation - one manufacturing center supplying the market. So our dependence from the risk perspective is - risk management perspective is extremely hard, completely different than what we have on the conventional cigarettes. But we have said it already with the Q1 that if we can build inventory in Japan, which will allow us to operate more freely the supply chain, we will do it this year.
Jacek Olczak: You're talking somewhere between up to about three months. But you need to take into consideration that the shipments to Japan are literally taking - are going by water. So your inventory is essentially on the water. So two-thirds of that duration is not accessible for sales in Japan, because it's in the pipeline to Japan. It's the [indiscernible].
Jacek Olczak: Well, we'll have increased sales and shipments to Japan, because that capacity - we're producing more week-by-week and month-by-month. But what we say that, hopefully, around the Q4 we should be in that situation that we can ship to the shops what is required and somehow in parallel get the inventory right, which would absorb any sales. We can leave the surge in demand or we can leave the quarter on the devices and Japan will not be putting further constraints on the supply chain. You'll have gradual expansion…
Jacek Olczak: Not, I mean, the pricing decisions are made to - are in our case country-by-country basis. So I wouldn't link the price development on our side in France to what we have done in Japan. We just think that taking into considerations the market dynamics, the projected elasticity, et cetera that we could increase the prices in Japan. As you might have heard, the initial attempt was to increase for more brands than just Marlboro. We ended up with Marlboro increase. So this is what it is. And I have no clue whatsoever why the industry, as you phrase it, have decided not to pass on the tax in France. I can speak for Philip Morris. Again, it's the case in Italy very often, we look at tax structure, we look at brand elasticity, and we're just running the numbers whether this makes sense or not in the current configuration, the increased prices from the view of growing the profitability and we just moving the pricing variance with the volume variance and vice versa, that's the situation. Having said that, and as you noticed, despite the fact that - we didn't have the pricing in France where there is no pricing still in Japan et cetera, we still had the 6% pricing variance for the six months of the year. So somehow, they have this factored in 12 months.
Jacek Olczak: I guess, somewhere this 2% to 3%. And I don't think we would - if the Pakistan - we will have to now start factoring in this. Russia, I think this 5% to 6% about right. Euro, volume view, which we have to forecast, should be around what we have said. I think Indonesia should now have a bit of better volumes. The question is what's going to continue to happen in Philippines. But we observe some relatively moderations in the decline rates relative. Pakistan, which is a big market thinking the international volumes. I think the 2% to 3% of the industry seems like a right number for the year.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, well, I mean, look, I mean, there is a number of countries which we see a pretty good improvement on illicit trade. But I think also Marc was trying to show in our experiences, one can help in collaborations industry and collaborations with the government, continuing probing this trend, so…
Jacek Olczak: And, as I said, I mean, we follow up for a while. You see that over the last two, three years, we've made a pretty, I would argue, significant improvement with regards to illicit trade. There are still some pockets which have to be addressed. But globally I think it is getting better. And with regards to Altria, I think Altria waits, as we are waiting for FDA, premarket approval authorization with the FDA.
Jacek Olczak: And counting just my calendar days, somewhere before the year-end it should happen. So Altria would be - should be good to go to launch the product in the U.S. And I know from our collaborations with Altria that Altria is working on the plans to - for this to happen. We're just waiting for FDA.
Jacek Olczak: Our numbers for today are, as we said, 50 year-end installed this year, plus minus now the productivity gains which I highlighted in answer to the previous questions.
Jacek Olczak: That we actually may leave the 100 year-end installed capacity 2018 and Dresden facilities to start contributing beyond. So this is our second, if you like, greenfield operations of Cologne. In the meantime, we talk about Greece, we talk about Romania, et cetera, which are the retrofitting or converting the conventional capacity into the RRP capacity, so we got…
