Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Gaurav, for the question. Look, let's be clear. We can always challenge us on whether we could do even better in terms of price increase. The fact is that we are doing better than what we thought initially. We have this very strong performance, 8.7% price increase for combustible for H1. I think we all know that the inflationary environment is no longer what it was last year. So obviously, this is a very strong performance. Please bear in mind, I said it in my preliminary remarks, but around 3/4 of that is not coming from inflation in -- sorry, from a price increase in a country with very high inflation. And this 8.7% in Q2 is largely driven by the markets where we are really driving price on a kind of opportunistic basis, building on the strength of our portfolio and making sure that we are ever optimizing the potential for price increase. So you can be absolutely sure that this is a very granular work, market by market each time as we signal, we take into account what is our position on smoke-free product on this market, what is the impact of increasing price. And I think we can demonstrate that we have a very successful approach on this price increase. So I would tend to believe that we are optimizing this price increase potential in the current environment.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, I'm confirming that we have the objective to be around 900 million can of production capacity for next year, that's for the full year 2025. We are gradually improving our capacity, and there is a number of steps that we are taking. I'm not going to elaborate on them, but there are several levers that we are pulling to increase this capacity. So I would say every quarter versus the previous one, we are improving the capacity. I'm not going to give a prediction on where we're going to be at the end of the year. We believe, given what we see from the potential consumer demand today, that in terms of what we produce at a certain point in Q4 versus what the consumer offtake could be without restriction, we're going to be good. And then we'll see exactly how we finish in terms of capacity at the end of the year. But I think what is more relevant and, frankly, more important is you have the picture of this 560 million to 580 million can. That is our goal for 2024. You know that we have this capacity for 900 million cans for next year. Let's be clear, it's not a guidance on the volume for next year. We're just here giving the capacity on which we are working. And I think with that, you have what is important.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Bonnie. Thank you for maybe giving me the opportunity to further clarify the dynamic and the good dynamics that we are seeing behind IQOS. So we are indeed revising, first of all, our objective of adjusted in-market sales by around 2 billion. I've been clarifying that the majority of that is coming from Taiwan, okay? So in fact, it's really the fact that we were expecting Taiwan to start more than 6 months this year. And it's -- at the end of the day, today, we are making here the assumption that at the end of the day, it's going to be zero volume in Taiwan. We thought it was a reasonable assumption. Remember the law allowing for heated tobacco product was passed now 15 months ago. So we thought that during this period of time, there was this capacity to get the approval from the regulator. And there is an administrative process, asking question, you have Q&A. It's just taking much more time than what we thought. But first and foremost, the reason for this 2 billion revision on adjusted IMS is Taiwan. Then in addition to that, we have this a few hundred million that is coming from Europe. So that's really all you should understand, the 2 billion. And because of Taiwan, we are indeed saying when we were expecting to be above 140 billion in terms of shipments. We are now expecting to be around 140 billion. Again, that's the way you should understand the revision on the guidance. But let me take 2 minutes to explain the dynamic because I want to make sure that things are very clear. What we've been seeing in H1 is, in fact, an acceleration of the IQOS business outside Europe. So if you look at the adjusted in-market sales outside Europe, and we talk about 60% of the business, the adjusted IMS were growing around 14% versus around 13% last year. So we've been growing faster in percentage. So you can imagine in terms of volume, of course, that means a significant acceleration. And indeed, what is beyond this very nice dynamism is Japan. You have other developed markets such as South Korea, but we've been seeing a number of new contributor to this growth. We mentioned Indonesia. We mentioned a number of markets in Middle East. Mexico is also accelerating, and we enjoy also a nice performance in duty-free. So that's really what we are seeing outside Europe. Then Europe, absolutely as expected. I mean, we are going through what is a significant transition. We are moving away from flavor. It's still growing. Outside Italy, we have adjusted in-market sales growing close to double-digits. So very strong in dynamism despite the fact that many of the country are going through this transition. And as we flagged, it is true that it's really great to see, at the same time, our champion market, like we mentioned in Portugal, Hungary that continue to do very well. We have new markets that are really confirming their status of growth driver for the future. We mentioned Germany, Spain, Romania, Bulgaria. So it's important to have this new growth provider, if you want. And then a number of markets exiting, I would say, as expected, the turmoil or the disruption, I would say, of a few weeks that is coming with -- with the implementation of the flavor ban. And here, we can mention Greece, we can mention Romania, we can mention Bulgaria, we can mention Czech Republic. So a number of markets where things are happening absolutely as expected. And then you have Italy, where we've been, in fact, not evaluating well the level of flavored products available with distributor and with retail, and there was less than what we thought. And therefore, the consumer offtake has been impacted quicker than what we were anticipating by the absence of a flavor product after the implementation of the flavor ban, and that has had some impact on the growth. And at the same time, no doubt that the 2 accumulating have had some impact. We've been increasing price by $0.30 on our consumables. And that has not been followed only very marginally by the competition with some impact on our market share as it happens when we increase price in a meaningful manner, widening the gap with competition and the competition not following. So that is really the picture. And now when we are looking at the second half, so we expect outside Europe situation to continue to do well. I'm not going to name again all these very great country where we are performing extremely well. We have the launch of LEVIA and DELIA in a number of countries. And we expect Europe to accelerate as we are transitioning out of this phase of adjustment to the flavor ban. And Italy will be part of the market where we expect improvement. But I would say, globally, we expect more acceleration on all the markets that have been going through the flavor ban. So I think this is really the complete picture, Bonnie. I hope it is helpful in answering your question.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Bonnie. So you're right. ILUMA i, so the latest generation of IQOS ILUMA. So it does not change the fundamental technology, but the -- the device is offering a number of additional functionalities, is, for the time being, only present in Japan. There was the launch in a few other countries that is planned for H2. And it's always difficult to say what this new product is triggering, but we've been seeing clearly a new acquisition of IQOS user. We've been seeing consumer sentiment going up with some very good reaction to this product. So I would say we continue to have more ammunition to convert smokers to IQOS, to improve the experience, to improve customer satisfaction that is triggering of course, more loyalty that can have some impact on the average daily consumption, so a number of positive effects. That's what we have seen in Japan. Difficult for me to tell you exactly by how much this has been further accelerating the growth in Japan, but now that was a positive for the market.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure. So as a coincidence, I suppose that it is true that in H1, the growth in nicotine pouch outside the U.S. was very similar to the 1 in the U.S., what chart. It's -- we talk about 10% only of the volume in the U.S. That is included. It's not totally nothing because that is including the Nordics. And what we are clearly seeing is that there is from the nicotine user, some interest and attraction in many countries. And I tend to really put 3 buckets of possible growth for this market. You have, of course, first, the Nordic country that have the knowledge, the understanding the culture of this product and where the nicotine pouch category is dynamic. And here, we want to take our fair share of the growth. Then you have Europe, where the category is not relevant in all markets, but we can already flag a number of countries such as Austria, the U.K., Switzerland, where we believe that there is potential, and we see the growth. And then you have, I would say, global market, international market. We can name Pakistan, we can name South Africa. We could talk about Indonesia and the Philippines, where we see potential for these nicotine pouches. You may have some culture already of overall product. And we see some development of the product. I could add Mexico to the list, by the way, where we are starting nicely the development of ZYN. So we see that this product maybe because of the U.S. influence, I think in the case of some country like the U.K., it's clear. That's a category that could grow in awareness, I would say, interestingly and rapidly, and we want absolutely to make sure that we're going to capture our fair share of this opportunity.
Emmanuel Babeau: Okay. So on the vaping category, I think what we are seeing is that with what we've always been saying, the vaping category is a legitimate category to be an alternative to people who would otherwise smoke. And therefore, that is a category that is growing, not necessarily faster than burnt, not faster than nicotine pouch for sure. But of course, the basis for nicotine pouch is smaller. And we know that the vaping category is more appealing for people legal age and above that want to start consuming nicotine and it's much more difficult to convert smokers. And that's clearly what IQOS and the heat-not-burn category is doing much better. So yes, the vaping can be appealing for some legal age and above nicotine user. More difficult to convert smokers, very clearly. We haven't seen any meaningful report of people moving to vaping and a change of kind of dynamic in the category following the implementation of the flavor ban in Europe. Of course, we are monitoring that. But as I said, there is nothing that we can obviously report on that trend, which probably could confirm that we talk about people that are probably with different profile, but that's something that we will have to keep monitoring, of course. So we've always been saying that the concern with the vaping category is that if the products are not properly developed and marketed. If there is an unreasonable appeal to flavor, what that can trigger unintended usage, and that is a problem for the category. And we are very happy with our growth because we do that in a very responsible manner, both in terms of development of our product, development of our marketing activity. And we are developing this responsible approach, very much based on our commercial strength and a great product. I think VEEV ONE is a great product, and strong partnership with the trade that is giving this very good start as we mentioned, the number 1 position in five countries for close pods. That's really what I can share with you at that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, on ZYN, I think we mentioned the fact that we are clearly with some restrictions. So I'm not sure that what you read in the Nielsen, which corresponds to the availability is going a view on the trend and the consumer demand, we are gradually improving, and we expect to see that in the coming months, the availability. Today, we clarify that we are working with a target of around 900 million can capacity for next year. So we are creating very nice headroom for growth for the coming quarters. And we think it's really important. I'm not going to be able to tell you because, frankly, it's impossible to say what would have been the growth rate without the limitation. Please bear in mind that there were some competitors move in term of pricing last year that triggered an acceleration in our market share, and that the effect is now behind us. So it is also having some impact on the year-on-year comparison. So that's what we can say on ZYN.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes, I know, there is nothing new. We keep working and fully cooperating, of course, with the Attorney General. And at that stage, it's impossible to say how long the work will take or what will be the conclusion. And there is nothing new today.
Emmanuel Babeau: Today, from what we can monitor in the market, we are not having the feeling that there is anything material at that stage. But of course, we are monitoring that very carefully. If it was to become material, I think what we are clearly seeing today is that the authorities take that seriously, and they are starting to have much more action and be much more alert on the topic. So I would expect them to have the same behavior when it comes to nicotine pouches. So to summarize, I don't think we're seeing anything meaningful today to be certainly watched. And if it was to become the case, we would expect the authority to have the same, I would say, proactive behavior that they -- I think they are starting to implement on vaping.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Callum. Look, again, I don't have any data on what you're saying. So it's very difficult for me to report. I think we know whether the product that benefit from the situation and the positioning in 2016 in the market and that, therefore, are legally being commercialized. As you can imagine, I'm going to repeat only what I said. We are doing everything we can to control the flows. I don't have information today saying that you have these flows of product. If we knew, we would certainly tackle that, and we would try to understand where it's coming from. And what I can certainly repeat is that our objective is to do our utmost, everything we can to be compliant with the regulation. And there is nothing else I can say, really.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, Callum, this is obviously coming from a mix of consumer demand perception that we have. And we believe that if we can produce them, there is a space to get to 580 million can shipments. That's the first element. And that's what our senses are telling us about, what consumer would be happy to buy if it was available. And at the same time, of course, our measures to increase production capacity, where, as I said, I'm not going to elaborate on the various levers, but we're pulling a number of levers to progressively increase the capacity for ZYN production in the U.S. So that's really the combination of the 2.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Priya. Well, that's a very broad question, although a very important one, of course. So given where we are, I'm going to make a short answer on that one. First of all, we clarify the fact that we go for a scale launch only once we get the PMTA for ILUMA. And as I said in my preliminary remarks, we are still, today, targeting to get this approval in the second half of 2025. Once we are there, then we have the right product to really go broader in the U.S. And at that stage, we will have been learning with a number of things that we're going to do between Q4 and the moment where we go with ILUMA. And it's -- you're asking, okay, what are you going to do differently? Let's -- let's be clear, we don't believe that IQOS has never been launched in a kind of serious, consistent and profound manner. And we believe that what makes IQOS so popular outside the U.S. is going to resonate with a number of smokers among the around 30 million smokers in the U.S. So we're going to develop what has been working elsewhere. It will be about, of course, going to the smokers explaining what IQOS is about, explaining the experience, why IQOS is a better product than smoking. I think it will be, as always, very important to create the image, the brand territory, but also talk about closely with the smokers, okay, this is a journey to move away from smoking and to go to a better product to IQOS. We will have the same commercial, I would say, a machine that has been successful in so many markets with developing our own retail sales point. We will have a strong partnership with a number of independent and third-party retailers. So we're going to pull all the levers and something that has not been done in the U.S. Because until now, it has been only a very limited launch in a few cities with limited actions. So everything is going to start at that moment for IQOS and there won't be any magic. We're going to use what has been working so well elsewhere, of course, adapting it to the U.S. market.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, for the time being, we don't have the plan to file a PMTA on these. We are very much focusing on IQOS. I think that this success is just at the beginning today. It's great to have already five markets where we are number 1 on the closed pods system, but it's just the beginning. We're going to keep learning, developing how we can develop a successful, profitable business on vaping. And then we will see whether in due course, it may make sense to have some thoughts for VEEV in the U.S., but we are not at that stage today.
Emmanuel Babeau: No. I think the improvement in the estimated financial cost for the year is reflecting a better situation on, first of all, the level of the debt with the cash flow generation. Second, with how we are financing the group. And that is coming with this -- you said it. I mean, we are in the low end of the initial bracket. And I don't think you should expect some kind of revolution in the way we are financing the company, nothing on the agenda.
