André Calantzopoulos: Okay. To put this inventory movements in context, we should all remind -- remember that we had to close better than to resume during last year. And this is an $80 billion plus cigarette factory and consequently, we had to prepare for the closure and also move production to a number of other factories. We had to build in a particular case of Japan, some safety stocks but not only in the case of Japan during the year. And some of these inventories had to carry through the year end and will come back in 2015. For the particular case of Japan, however, the objective for the year was to adjust inventory hurdles to both the market decline in 2014 and anticipate it for 2015 and in addition to that to our lower market share. Okay. And the vast majority, clearly of these adjustments as we right sized will not come back. And as I said, because of maintaining some safety during the year, we had to do this adjustment in the last quarter. So that’s basically the whole story.
André Calantzopoulos: I think the inventories in the last quarter, I can’t quantify exactly, I appreciate, but probably 1 point.
André Calantzopoulos: On adjusted basis, what was our volume development in the fourth quarter, I mean, we read it, André read it in the remarks. So, yes, there was a drag clearly coming from this rescheduling of a supply chain and the subsequent inventory.
André Calantzopoulos: The key positives for the year, clearly is the improvement in the Philippines. I think that was big, I think issue we had in 2014. We -- I think we stabilized in any case the share at Japan that was even bigger, better than the inventories. I think the business in Europe is doing fine. So I think we fix the issues we had announced we need to fix in 2014. And we’ve just behind that. I think we can look with optimism into 2015 and that clearly explains the swing we have in terms of OCI growth.
André Calantzopoulos: Look we all understand there is huge currency volatility in 2015 and we have to be bit cautious. And clearly, dividend is more prerogative as you know very well. But I understand where your question points to or points at and I see a no scenario under which we will reduce the dividend in 2015, okay, even if we have to temporarily stay at a very high payout ratio.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think you mentioned them. Clearly, Australia was a big drag compared to 2013. And we had Japan overall as we said at the beginning of the year because we expect a lot of share at the time of the inventory adjustment, clearly, Japan would be another drag. Now, we’ve stabilized our share and quarter-to-quarter daily, Japan, on an underlying business basis is rather stable but where to make the timing of this inventory in Japan as I explained previously because we had to maintain certain safety stocks until the whole situation of Bergen op Zoom closure is resolved. So I would say its Australia and clearly, partially the Philippines. Don’t forget that in the Philippines, we increased prices ahead of main competitor there plus during the year we had to absorb partially excise tax. Now the good news about the Philippines is that we had the price movement at the bottom of the market. Prices per stick now of virtually any brand that comes are 2 or above, our price gaps are reducing. So the Philippines definitely are now going to be of any negativity and if any, they will turn positive this year and I think that’s an excellent develop, but we have to watch the situation that really carefully. But so far so good, I mean, I feel much better now, as I say, six months ago and three months ago, I can tell you.
André Calantzopoulos: It is early day, first of all, in Australia, the market decline is 10.6%, but if we correct for inventory movements 2013 to ’14, the underlying is roughly [4.6 points over there] [ph]. And as we know, this is entirely driven by the excise driven price increase that are pretty substantial in Australia. I think we know about the issues in Australia is the growth of the low price that the deep discount segment and some competitive activities. So we said that we have to put in place a strategy to extend the growth and I think our pricing strategy that is currently in pace is bring results. We see a slight deceleration of the deep discount segment, part of this is -- technical part of this is real. But I would not say, yes, that we can declare that the deep discount segment has stabilized. But sequentially looks like it doesn’t grow any more at the pace it used to be. We also see some positive price movement at the bottom end of the market. That’s good news. Business will be confirmed, because if there is price movement, it’s good, but we have to see how much of that is discounted back, if that sticks, this is also a positive development. Overall, I -- our estimate is that it’s unlikely that Australia will contribute positively to our OCI growth this year, but definitely we don’t anticipate this to be the kind of marginal drag that we had in 2014, okay. So it’s early days. We will see how the next three, four months unfold. I don’t know if I answered your question.
André Calantzopoulos: I think we look at our cost structures constantly and we are focused on improving productivity and efficiency. And I think that indication we gave that total cost excluding RRPs are going to grow by normal than 1%. It’s a clear sign that we are very focused on these items. Now every market is particular and Jacek will elaborate a bit more on this. But as a matter of principle, in many markets we have costs that are in local currency, but we also have costs that are in euros or in dollars, like tobacco, leaf and certain materials. And clearly rebalancing that cost structure is a bit more difficult. But today, I would say that in the vast majority of the market, even in Russia we are not dollarized in terms of the cost basis we have and agreements we have with the parties other than the materials I explained. So we see a reduction in the cost base as well as currencies devalued.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. We had very, very good year in Russia in 2014 and I believe the portfolio fundamentals were plus the initiative should maintain a share growth momentum. Now whether this can fully compensate volume or not, this has to be seen, okay. The second important thing in Russia is a question of pricing. We had about 22% pricing in 2014 and November and December prices were up roughly 13% if move way above average on our portfolio which of course will carry forward almost entirely in 2016. You appreciate, I cannot comment about further price increases for the year. But the situation in Russia we all watch it very closely, clearly a combination of the sanctions in the oil price have an impact on the economy. We start seeing inflation and quite the unknown is for the year and this is not only particular to Philip Morris is what will happen with real incomes and salary, okay. So as you know we take pricing decision trying to balance our ways, consumer affordability, price gaps, illicit trade and clearly margin improvement and we will always pursue the opportunity within that equation. This is -- Russia is because of the microeconomic environment we have to assume that we will have a similar decline in 2015 that we had in 2014 despite as we rightly pointed out a lower excise tax, okay. So how this will unfold, I don’t know. I will be happiest man on earth if the decline is lower than what we perceived.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. A lot of questions, Bonnie. First of all, I think overall we are obviously positively surprise by their performance we had. You appreciate, I cannot disclose precise numbers for competitive reasons, but clearly our device -- our iQOS device sales were well ahead of what we had initially projected and we are talking to thousands of units okay and we are not talking small quantities. And they continue every week at a pace of 3% to 4%, so this is not bad at all. Regarding conversion rates, it is a bit premature to measure this because as we are building a consumer base, it takes time to make the assessment and takes time for people to fully convert. The numbers we see in terms clearly of offtake or repeat purchase and mind you some of the consumers bought cartons at the beginning, so it’s difficult to judge daily purchases of product. We see that the rate of full conversion is clearly lagging behind the amount of units we sold. But that’s natural and we expect it, okay. We also need to understand the situation in Japan that people still have the ability to smoke combustible products in very many venues. So that’s natural that initially they use iQOS in situations like in warehouses or in office where they can’t use combustible products and mostly and slowly they will eventually convert more and more. So I don’t have yet a sufficient database to know exactly what the conversion fully conversion versus occasional are. We will have a better reading a couple of months, but all I am saying is that the progress is pretty good and steady okay. And we should not be totally impatient and think that everybody will convert in day one. Even with the people I go around, they took some time to convert. And the awareness of the product is right. I think the consumer profile is a target. And as I said also in my remarks, we are testing our supply chain, returns rates are much lower than we thought, although people have the option to return the products if they are not happy. And we are learning also a lot in terms of marketing so that we can adjust our programs when we go national, but overall it’s pretty good experience. As expected, and I said in my remarks in Milano because of less marketing freedoms and more difficult and it’s higher difficult to create awareness, we are a bit behind Nagoya in terms of absolute amount of iQOS unit sold still in thousand, but we have an apparently higher full conversion rate also because there are much more restrictions in Italy. One particularity of Italy is that there is an initial, I would say reluctance for people who have tried electronic cigarettes to try iQOS because they had a bad experience with electronic cigarettes, but the ones who finally try and buy, they are more committed because they see the difference. But this is more qualitative and anecdotal at this stage than quantitative. So again, good progress. We decided to go national and in few months, we will have something that is really quantifiable and of course we will communicate this to you.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. I am referring to you the 1% refers to the entire base, okay. We should not forget that we have the benefit also this year of the manufacturing footprint improvement of last year, okay. We also benefit with for moderating leaf prices that will continue into the future and growth price also that has been a big cost item in 2012 and '13 are also kind of stabilizing as we had good crops. So from a manufacturing perspective, clearly we are on the low end of the cost. So that for the business, we pursue also efficiency improvement programs, but we never stop the investments that will grow the business further. And for this year clearly, we have some exciting programs on all the brands. We continue with the deployment of 2.0 Marlboro. We started with red. We continue with Marlboro Gold and the other variance of the brands, so that continues investment. And we also essentially revamped and created new marketing campaigns for all the other key brands in the portfolio that we are also deploying and investing besides them. But as I said in my remarks, clearly, that pays dividends. So be reassured that we don’t stop investing behind the growth of the business and I think, the market share performance has demonstrated that were the right thing to do. For the rest, as we said in -- and I said in previous intervention, our long-term objective is to always contain cost between 1% to 3% ex-RRPs. And depending on leaf prices, I think we can even at least, for the next two years remain at the lower end of this range. So I think we are pretty happier about that. And just to clarify on also RRPs, there is incremental investment this year compared to last year’s incremental investment and the variance is slightly above the range we had last year or the north we had last year. So it’s about 1 EPS point just the increment, okay.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. It’s difficult, obviously, to appreciate to predict total industry volume this year. I would see and I will explain some of the caveat in the 2% to 3% range, okay. This is what I mentioned previously that mid-term, I think, would return to 1% to 2%. First of all, we have all this currency situation that it’s very difficult to predict what precise effect is going to have on the economies around the planet. Second thing, clearly, we had to revise our estimate for the Russian market given the particular situation there. We thought that 2015 would be the range 4% to 6% roughly. Now we think that it will be at 8% to 10%, of course, that’s an assumption. And the positive, however, can come from the Philippines, because when I say 2% to 3% that assumes that no cigarettes return to the legal market in the Philippine. Now, hopefully, given the development in the Philippines, we’ll see some more volume coming back to the legal market and that can change clearly the overall equation. So we may end up in the middle of that range I gave, but that’s the best I can do at this stage.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Now, the overall economic outlook, we all know the fundamentals, okay. Oil prices will be lower, so that’s helps economy and consumer spending. But in some places we’re going to see inflation following devaluation. Not in many, because as we all know, its only one currency appreciating and all the others depreciating and remaining in relative parity to each other, so they -- when they trade with each other, we don’t have imported inflation. So Russia is the one that comes to mind first as we discuss previously. Overall, I don’t see an acceleration, I think, overall of down trading at all on a global basis. I think we said, we stay on the same trends as we were in 2014, although slightly better, okay. We know the specifics of Australia. We discussed it and so on. Obviously, there is a bit of geographic mix. But if we look at total market declines in 2014, there is no substantial difference between OECD and non-OCED especially, thanks to the recovery of the European Union. I mean, OECD decline roughly three point something percent and non-OECD 2.5% in 2015. So, I would say overall nothing worrisome at this stage.
André Calantzopoulos: We always said and I maintain this. We will not lose our rating for share repurchase purposes. Now, if we have a strategic reason, that is a strategic acquisition or something then of course that can be considered. Okay. Absent that, we will do everything we can to maintain our A rating. Okay. And I think we have to be prudent on how we manage the situation given the currency volatility we are in. Having said that, I want to stress that we are committed to share repurchases. We’ll see how the situation unfolds. And as soon as we can resume them, we will. We’ll not change our approach to that. It is just a temporary situation that calls for caution given what happened with the currency. Okay.
André Calantzopoulos: I think I tried to clarify this. First of all, it’s rather a speculative situation and I said that I don’t see scenarios under which we will reduce our dividends, unless we have third World War.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, that’s all baked. Yes, it includes obviously the savings from the footprint optimization and that’s included in the overall guidance and in the cost indications I gave.
André Calantzopoulos: It’s very early to judge the effect. But that you said is correct. I mean, the subsidies were removed but oil prices are a bit low. We didn’t say anything in the market generally that shows any change in the dynamic in this direction but it is only one month. Okay.
André Calantzopoulos: So it is actual that’s why we project and now we know the specificities of 2014, we had Italy that skewed clearly the European Union. And we also had the Philippines absorption that skewed Asia and these are the two fundamentals. Okay, now.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. On Marlboro, I think we are very pleased with our rollout. We have 100% retention of existing smokers, which is I think remarkable. And we do see change both in profiles and other all attraction from competitive smokers and the share performance of the brand in the markets where we have rolled out is a clear testimony to the success of 2.0. And we will continue rolling it out. The plan is to be fully down with all the rollouts by early 2016, okay. We are ready in 26 markets and growing by the day. So which is through the planning and we are very happy with it. Now Megapolis is not in the pricing but an item that is below the OCI line, okay. I’m sorry, I’m asking the people that are more.
André Calantzopoulos: We have received clearly a dividend, so yes it will be somehow affected by the ruble, et cetera temporarily, but that’s currency clearly.
Jacek Olczak: I can answer that question but I think André would be even more enthusiastic about answering this question.
Jacek Olczak: You are absolutely, right. Judy, one thing which maybe will help looking at the same $0.80 EPS, negative variance is the currency net in '14, the transaction impact, negative transaction impact is just in a range of 10% of this total amount. So most of the impact which we are incurring is coming from translations. And to André’s point, if I take the largest individual market on net profitability per market we take Indonesia, Russia and we have a local cost, this in a range of 65% to 75% in total cost. So this is COGS in all discretionary marketing overhead etcetera spend. So we have obviously there quite a significant portion of the natural hedges for the cost structures already building, but as I said earlier, the impact on us is mainly coming from a translation.
Jacek Olczak: On the tax, we should stay broadly in that effective tax rate, which we had in 2014. So it looking 29, slightly below 29%. And on the interest expenses, you remember I hope that quite the portion of our debt portfolio you seen euros. And so obviously, it’s put a bit of the lower pressure or reduces the pressure coming from the interest to serve our bond portfolio. So there is some benefit on us coming due to the overall lower interest rate, lower interest rate environment and also for the composition of our debt portfolio due to the significant portion of the euro debt.
Jacek Olczak: Well, volumes in Turkey are stable. Illicit trade is stable. Okay. Increased a little bit, which outlines that the underlying volume is even better. I don’t see any change at this stage. I mean excise taxes are in. There was moderate increase in the specific and of the minimum tax. So from a total market perspective, I don’t see any particular change in the trend. Now regarding the dynamics, clearly, there has been some down trading but shares have to -- seem to have stabilized now. And we did very well in the premium segment, particularly with parliament this type all the down trading. So I think we are there for a decent year in Turkey going forward.
