Martin King: Yes, Judy if you recall when we were talking about the end of the year call we mentioned that we were expecting to be able to meet the additional HeatStick units inventory that we had sent to Japan with additional devices from our second supplier that had ramped up production. And we did ship the additional devices and we were anticipating a substantial surge because as you know we had short in the market for quite some time. And as it turned out we were closer to having met market demand than we realized. We are anticipating that we would reach some sort of a plateau later in the year given that we knew the consumer dynamics that we hit close to saturating the early adopters and innovators. It is just coming a bit earlier in the year than what we had foreseen, and this isn’t unusual.  We have looked at trends of other new products and new successful launches in other situations, and there is almost always periods where you get surging adoption and then it plateaus a bit as you enter some new consumer dynamics and categories, and then it tends to resume some growth rates. And we think we are at one of those points. Now we are obviously going to adjust our plans. We have very good initiatives in Japan that we are going to pull forward earlier in the year and we need to adjust a bit our messaging to these consumers and we don’t know how long this plateau will last it may -- we may be able to resume better growth rates fairly quickly or it may persist a bit throughout the year. So we thought it was prudent to reserve some of the benefits from the tax to account for this as well as for the Saudi and Russia pricing. And we're going to see how it goes for us here. It's still early days in the year. We've got a terrific team in Japan that is addressing these issues backed up by some folks in the region that have experience in Japan. And the group here in the headquarters that's putting together a great tool box for us to address these other consumer segments.  So we're actually quite optimistic about Japan. We had tremendous growth there. I mean to reach about 16% share in such a short period of time is absolutely phenomenal. It was just an issue of whether this torrid pace of growth would continue uninterrupted or whether we would hit some points at which we need to adjust a bit and approach consumers in a little bit different manner and that's just coming a little earlier in the year than what we had hoped. And there is that -- I'm sorry go ahead. 
Martin King: You had mentioned the shares, for the quarter we are at 15.8 versus the quarter four last year of 13.9. I think you mentioned the January share that probably you were looking at from CAGNY which was given at 16.3. We're focusing more on quarterly shares because there's always a bit of noise in those in market shares there based on exchange of data from the different companies and sometimes there are some inventory impacts as they shift to retail. If you look at December of last year the in-market shares percent was 14.1 so it was probably a little understated versus due to some inventory increases from our competitors and then 16.3 came in in January probably a little overstated because of the reversing of that effect. But if you look at say quarter end to quarter end so December was the last month for Q4 at 14.1, March of this quarter is at 15.6 so we're seeing a good trend in Japan in offtake. What we're flagging for the rest of the year isn't really you don't see it in the first quarter numbers. What we're really flagging is the growth, the speed of uptake of new consumers as measured by how quickly they buy the devices and rather than get a big surge from pent up demand that we had optimistically estimated we're seeing still good growth, still a good number of new consumers coming in the category. We just don't have that surge there of devices and therefore we can project forward and see that our HeatStick sales which come as a lagging indicator to the device sales are likely to be a little bit lower than what we had flagged at the year-end call and therefore we're being cautious in reserving some ammunition to deal with that. 
Martin King: Okay, so let me go back a little bit to what we said previously and remind a little bit of what the setup was. So we started the year last year with almost no inventory because we were behind on HeatSticks and only later in the year were we able to start catching up a bit and we called out in Q3 and also in Q4 that we were actually building what we thought -- what we think still is an appropriate inventory for Japan. If you recall we said that for the full year we've built inventory as a company of 8.5 billion net of conventional cigarettes. So in Japan obviously we were providing for an appropriate inventory of heated tobacco units while at the same time reducing our conventional cigarette inventory. So we had called out the 5 billion that was in the fourth quarter and a total of 8.5 throughout the year. And of course we were at the same time we were shifting from air shipments to sea shipments.  We were still relying and still are relying primarily on one factory. So we needed to have some safety stock to deal with any potential disruptions and so forth and we were also anticipating HeatSticks to meet the new device volume which had become the bottleneck by the second half of the year. So I think we were pretty clear to say that within our numbers for last year was a build-up of the inventory for heated tobacco units in Japan. Now for this year we've got that inventory, we don't expect it to reverse from the point of view that we have excess inventory. We have an inventory that's appropriate for a rapidly growing product category and appropriate for the long supply chain and we've gone to see shipments and appropriate to guard against any possible disruptions from a supply chain that's still relatively young and relatively focused on a single factory.  But for 2018 you will see pretty stable HeatSticks inventory in Japan. You'll see comparisons year-over-year which is a variance on variance where we'll call out that the difference in inventory build in 2018 will be obviously lower than the inventory build was in 2017. So I think you also have to keep in mind that we're back to shipping by sea from Japan so you have product on the water that ships and is recorded as revenue when it ships out of Europe primarily and it takes six to eight weeks to get to Japan. And I think maybe there's been a bit of confusion also with some people reading to Japanese government import data within the quarter and mistaking it as having been the IMS sales in the quarter when in fact it was shipments in the fourth quarter of last year that arrived on the water only in January-February of this year. So that perhaps is another source of confusion on reading the difference between our in-market sales and our shipments.
Martin King: Okay, sure. So for Russia it's more a situation that we still have a lot of the year left to go with the pricing situation and we still have the tax increase which comes only in July this year which is a pass on of five Roubles per pack. So it's lower than it was last year but it's coming six months later. So the whole pricing situation in Russia is still unfolding. The first quarter actually came in pretty good. We're on track, there is no big new news there. But we have a situation in Russia where the timing between when the price is announced and when it actually reaches retail is quite long in Russia because of the way the pricing happens, it has to be declared at production and then there's inventory that works its way through the market. So the time between now and the end of the year with the tax still to come and the pricing having such a long time to retail, we just called it out as a caution and something that we are still watching and concerned about. But there is really not a big new development. You always have the usual skirmishes or lagging from competition and certain SKUs perhaps not coming up in price quite in the way that others are. That's normal so it's not really new news.  On Saudi I think it's a story where we're just now seeing the full impacts of the volume effect of these huge price increases. We had another price increase in January driven by the VAT. Our market share in Saudi is actually sequentially starting to recover a bit. In Q3, Q4 we were in the 35% more or less market share range. So while Q1 is way down versus last year sequentially it's actually starting to recover. The watch out is more on the market volume which is still not in recovery mode which is still lower in Q1 than it was in Q4 and Q3. So again it's a situation where it's very hard to predict the rate of recovery of the total market volume and our share and it's still early in the year so we're calling it out as a caution.  Again we're not seeing numbers that are dramatically different from what we had expected but it's still very early days and we want to make sure we have that accounted for rather than just roll it on through to the guidance and then have some news later. 
Martin King: What, I mean certainly IQOS in Japan is probably the piece that's more newer information coming from the way that the device offtake is occurring. But we're still anticipating a very successful year in Japan and we're still anticipating double the volume of heated tobacco unit sales worldwide. I mean but clearly if this situation in Japan persists then our volume estimates for heated tobacco units will be more in the range of 55 to 60 versus the over 60 that we had called out before. It's hard to say exactly at this point, we don't know how this trend or the dynamic is going to develop. But we are just calling out kind of a more cautious situation to give us the time and the resources to tackle these different consumer segments in the right way. 
Martin King: No, what I am calling out is we expect to be more than double our in-market sales. So I'm accounting for this inventory build last year and just -- and comparing our in-market sales last year to what we expect for this year which would be well over doubling. And giving a more or less cautious range to say 55 to 60 would probably be a better estimate if this situation persists in Japan. But overall we're seeing tremendous growth not only in Japan by the way but if you saw the situation in the other markets we have a very nice stepped up share growth and volume coming from a wide range of markets across the EU and Russia is doing better and we're seeing some very good developments and very good news across the world for IQOS and our heated tobacco units. But obviously Japan is a big chunk of the volume and so when we are revising the numbers we felt it was best to give a little bit more cautious range.
Martin King: I'm sorry Michael, it's very hard to understand you. I don't know that you have a very good connection or something. I took away you are asking about how do we model our for the years, is that… 
Martin King: I'm sorry I can't hear the question at all. So I don't know Michael you just have a bad connection maybe you can call in again. We can go to another and come back. I can't get the question. 
Martin King: Well, I mean we're building a whole new category not only for IQOS but we will be doing the same thing across our entire RRP portfolio. You have heard our commitment as a company to move as quickly as we can our entire combustible business to reduce risk products. We're investing substantially in building the infrastructure not just centrally but in the markets to make this happen. So we are very committed to this. We have a strong portfolio of products not just with IQOS but with other platforms as well. And as IQOS continues to do well in these other markets we expect the volume to keep growing extremely quickly as we make this happen. At the same time we're not abandoning our conventional product focus. You see we're getting very good results from our portfolio, our pricing in the first quarter is bang on. We said that for the full year on the conventional side we would achieve 7% pricing variance as a percent of the combustible prior year net revenues and in the first quarter we're right on track for that doing extremely well. The volume is okay. We're getting some volume back in some markets where we had lost it in Asia and overall we're using the combustible side to fund this transformation to reduce risk products and as far as modeling how fast that will go it's difficult. We've said there is uncertainty in this, we're going to move it as fast as we can but we're also prudent at the speed at which we invest to make sure we're getting good return for the investments and so forth. So as far as modeling it out several years, if you figured it out, have a good model we'd like to look at it too.
Martin King: As far as the margin outlook, well okay look at the situation right now in the first quarter, we saw a pretty big drop in our margins. We were down about four percentage points. So let's strip that out a little bit. About half of that, about 2% of that is coming from the device impact and one of the things you're seeing in the first quarter is that our device sales as a percentage of RRP net revenues was a bit higher than usual. We had said that we expect around 25% to 30% of the net revenues for RRPs would be coming from devices and in fact in the first quarter it was about 5 percentage points above that range, around 35%. And this is partly the impact of what I described before that we had the devices coming from our new supplier that we shipped into Japan which we record the revenue as we ship it and they didn't sell out quite as quickly as we anticipated.  Still we had very good results by the way. It's just not the surge that we anticipated so you see a bit of a disproportionate share of the devices in the first quarter versus some of the other quarters. So that's about two percentage points of the 4% volume, I mean, the margin impact. You have got Saudi in there which is a huge drag, Saudi is very high margin area and you're seeing a big drag coming from that. So that's a big chunk and then you have the $80 million annual foundation which hit in the first quarter only. So that's -- those pieces together account for this four percentage point. If you look at some of the regions that aren't impacted by those other pieces we had very good margin expansion in South and Southeast Asia and Latin America and Canada and then of course on top of that you have the big RRP investments that we put in and a lot of it's going into EU but it's really going really across the world. There are a lot other markets as well.  So when you put all these margin pieces together you see a pretty big impact but going forward we should not see some of these as big a drag as we have seen in the first quarter. Obviously on the investments we will continue to invest and part of that is new consumer acquisition and making the transition, but there's a certain portion of this step up in spending which should not just scale the volume. A lot of it is infrastructure spending in the -- digital approach which you do it and you build it and it's there and then it can support a large scale of volume. It doesn't have to grow with the volume and the transformation. So going forward while we'll have more investments, the ratio of the investments to the new consumer should become more manageable.  The other piece is you've got a lag. You put in your big investments for example into EU behind gaining consumers. This is something that we need to do to convert consumers, we need coaches, we need a digital approach, we need a number of investments to make it happen. And the payback comes fairly quickly but also not exactly in the year where you made the investments. So there's a bit of a lag. So the step up that we're seeing this year we'll see some payback of course this year and in the second half of this year but most of it will come next year. You won't have -- the foundation will be in the base next year, the devices will be there but we're also working on having the devices be a bit less of a drag. The cost of them is coming down, the pricing is a bit better and then next year we shouldn't have Saudi because we would have lapped those results and in fact we have some hope for the market to recover a bit and get our share back and get some of the volume back as that market normalizes. So if you put all those things together logic would tell you that 2019 should be a bit better certainly on a margin perspective but also overall business.
Martin King: Yes, we do. We continue to grow in Japan, we continue to gain new consumers and we anticipate that share in Japan will continue to increase. It's just an issue of the speed of growth and the surge that we were expecting from the finally lifting the cap and having the supply of devices to meet the HeatSticks that were already there. Didn't materialize as much as we expected but we continued to grow in Japan, we have a very successful product there, conversion rates remain intact, and we also are doing very well versus the competition in the heat not burn category. We are growing our segment share so it's not an issue of not growing, it's more of an issue of the speed and the moment at which during the year we knew we would hit a bit of more difficult to convince consumer groups if you will. I mean especially in Japan you've got 50 plus age segment, there is 40% or more of the total adult smokers. And IQOS we are under indexing that group and that group is over indexed in more the late adopters and laggards parts of the consumer groups. And so it takes them a little bit longer to understand and be convinced to try IQOS and to move into the segment. We are convinced they will, in fact many have because there are -- but if you and I are using our product now, it's just a matter of timing. 
Martin King: I mean when it comes to investments I mean whenever you put plans together to have a big step up in investment it's always built on project timelines and when you can execute things and so forth. It's not so much the case of deciding not to move forward, it is more the case of our ability to pull off this big surge in investments and to get the resources lined up and get it executed. I mean obviously we're making choices on putting more money or less money into individual markets depending on how the return on investments is coming and obviously there are times when we try something it doesn't work and we shift the resources over to another project that is working. But I'm not going to get into specifically calling out which things are working and which ones aren't working because I certainly don't want the competition to gain that information.  As far as the speed of growth in E.U. I mean it's hard to predict, we're seeing better results. We are very pleased with the way things are moving and the increased rate of growth. I mean in Italy where we've been for quite a while it was moving along at 0.1 at best month to month, quarter to quarter and now we're accelerating a bit. There are a number of other markets where the results are pretty fantastic. Greece is another so it's very difficult though to sit here and give you a rate of progression across the E.U. I mean we're going to continue to invest.  Overall this year we're still on track to achieve our $600 million step up which is net of conventional product allocation. So it's a considerable sum. We're trying very hard to spend it wisely, we put in place controls and tracking to make sure that that the money is getting results before we release more of it and that we reduce programs that aren't working. And the money and the investments not only in EU but in other places as well, Russia is a fantastic example, it's really starting to pay off. And the learnings are coming and we are getting better at executing, the quality of the coaches that we've put in place in a number of markets is much better, the messages are being fine tuned by market to fit the differences of consumers.  So we're really pleased with what is going, we're very optimistic about IQOS growth across the world by the way not just EU but it's in many other places as well. We're seeing terrific results in quite a few markets. So the plan is working and the move towards a reduced risk product is working. We're very mindful though of keeping an eye also on the conventional pieces and not abandoning that part of the business because it has to be the engine to provide the resources for the gains that we're going to get on RRP. But you see it worldwide. Our share in RRP was up one full share point year-over-year. I mean if you looked at that and said this was like a new brand rolling out across the world everybody would be jumping up and down with tremendous joy and it is. It's pretty fantastic and so we're very optimistic about it.
Martin King: Well Bonnie I'm very glad you have very high expectations and the reality is we do to. And did the first quarter HeatStick sales outside of Japan meet our expectations, yes, they did. We're on track. We do hope to continue to accelerate the growth and that's what the investment is for. Obviously we've got a fair amount more to spend and more to put behind the growth rate and we're getting better at it, we're getting more tuned into what works. We're sharing very good learnings across markets. The new operating structure with the COO, Jacek focused on execution while the development side works more in the future in the tool boxes and so forth is working very well. We're still getting this in place. But we're already seeing some benefits from that and improved execution as well as improved speed at which we're developing the pipeline of new tools and new products to come. We have a terrific plan for the rest of this year and into next year for new products, new initiatives which I can't go into great detail on as you can imagine but yes, I think we're pleased with the results so far and we're very optimistic that we can accelerate the results going forward. 
Martin King: Yeah, we haven't changed our plans on pricing for HeatSticks at all. Our main focus of course with IQOS and HeatSticks is consumer acquisition. So at this point we're not pushing to try to get a lot of pricing out of HeatSticks. Obviously we want to maintain its premium positioning so it doesn't mean we won't ever change prices anywhere but pricing isn't really the name of the game at this point with IQOS or with HeatSticks. We've got obviously increased competition in a number of markets so the pricing of the devices and the consumables we have to keep an eye on competition. We are priced well above the competition virtually everywhere which is fine by the way because we have a better product and consumers see it that way. On the other hand we have to be careful that we don't get undercut too much. So we have not changed the pricing on HeatSticks at all. The slight change in the language on revenue growth first of all, I mean we are still seeing about 8% which is pretty fantastic for any company but especially for a consumer products company. So I think this is a pretty terrific number to have out there.  We changed it a little bit based on what I already said which is the potential if it persists from Japan for the HeatStick or heated tobacco unit volume to be a little lower than what we had flagged in the previous year. And so we're giving ourselves a little bit of room and range around the 8% and trying to be as forthcoming with everybody as possible so that we don't disappoint on that number. But it's very, very solid number. 8% is nothing I think to be ashamed of. 
Martin King: Well, look I hesitate to go line by line and say what's in guidance and not in guidance because you know as you well know a guidance is a kind of an all in number with a lot of puts and takes. I will say that the U.S. volume is really immaterial for this year. First of all we don't know exactly when it would ship and we don't have any volume in there for U.S. However, when it comes to other programs or other initiatives I mean obviously we have a plan and we know what's going to happen. It's part of our overall assessment of what the business can provide for the year. So for new initiatives and new type activities of any type we obviously consider them when we're putting together estimates. 
Martin King: Well, I think Q2 and Q3 we are expecting some pretty strong revenue growth above 8%. As you pointed out the real comp hurdle comes with the fourth quarter where we had a fantastic revenue growth last year in the fourth quarter, it was 18.8% I believe if I recall. So that comparison does make it more difficult and that with that in mind that's partly why we're putting out there more around 8% versus saying the over 8% before. But we expect very solid, very strong revenue growth in Q2 and Q3 and continued growth sequentially for Q4 but just the year-over-year comparison becomes quite challenging. I think that's about as much color as I can give you on that one.
Martin King: Well I mean I mentioned that in the first quarter we had good pricing and that we are on our plan for pricing. And in fact slightly ahead. So that's part of it, as the pricing gets rolled in, in the first quarter it is really not fully impacted because we announced pricing across a number of geographies. I mean in the E.U. alone we're implementing pricing in Germany, Poland, Italy, France. I mean and yet we have mentioned the pricing in Russia. As you know Indonesia developed throughout the year, we had pricing in the beginning the year for Mexico, Canada, Argentina, Philippines, a big piece that's going to be now reflected throughout the rest of the year. So that's part of it. The volumes in the first quarter came in what we expected maybe a little bit better. The CC, the conventional cigarette volume is actually holding up very nicely and we're seeing some good developments in a number of markets despite some of the pricing related volume impacts that we're having in Russia, in France and in a couple other markets. But overall we're doing pretty well on conventional cigarette volume and our outlook for that as well.
Martin King: Yeah, I mean look we're going to spend what we need to spend particularly in Japan. We have a rocket ship there that is absolutely taking off and very, very successful. And we will put the resources into it that we need to and which we think is appropriate. There are various ways to do that right, you can reallocate from the spending you have in other areas around conventional and other programs. You can reallocate some geographically or if necessary we can also spend above that 600 million that we mentioned. And this is part of the reason we are holding back a bit of the tax benefits that we called out as far as our guidance increases. So that we have the flexibility and the ability to put the resources behind a very successful product that we have not only in Japan but elsewhere.  So yes, right now we don't call out an increase in spending from the 600 because first we want to look at our reallocations and putting our heads together to put more resources where we need it without increasing the total net increase. But in the end of the day if we need to we will spend what is necessary for these new initiatives in Japan. And we'll find a way to deal with that within the guidelines that we've given you on the guidance.
Martin King: Well, I don't buy the idea that the late adopters or the even the laggards won't move to heat not burn. We see actually that individuals in those groups have very high conversion rates. It just takes a bit harder, bit more time to explain to them how it works, how to use it, what the benefits are and so forth. I mean we're reaching, we are ever more mainstream with IQOS in Japan. When you had 16% market share it's everywhere. You see every people using it, it becomes much more a product that can be considered by anybody. It's just that it takes them maybe a bit more explaining, a little more training on how to use it, a little different message on what are the benefits. So we're not at all saying that IQOS won't be successful among the 50 plus or among those different groups that we flagged on the chart. It's more a matter of how you approach them, what are the programs, what are the messages, which way can you communicate with them better, what are the products you put in front of them. So we think that they are very -- still good potential consumers for IQOS.  Now could a platform too over time also play a role in some of these markets, absolutely and we will over time as we get to that point use the entire product portfolio to address both different consumer groups but also even individual consumers during different times of the day or different points where they might enjoy one product versus another. We see our entire portfolio as something that can be used not only to approach different groups but also within individuals where they might see some of these products as more relevant during certain times of the day or during parts of their week. So any way we think we will continue to grow in Japan. It's getting more mainstream so it becomes a different approach. You don't have the very fast word of mouth coming quite as fast from some of the early adopters and innovators because almost all of them have already either moved to the category, tried the category were reaching close to saturation in those groups which is great news. But we will tackle these other groups and we will be successful with it, we're quite convinced of that, it is just how fast it goes.
Martin King: An increasing percentage is sold at full price because the original design was that the discount was more for encouraging people to register a new user. So you see consumers buying a second device which is positive from the point of view that they are more attached to the category and they see a need for additional devices and you also see some replacements because remember we've been in Japan now for over two and a half years. So you have devices that reached the end of their number of cycles that need to be replaced. Right now in Japan it's actually more than 50% is sold without the discount. So it's moving slowly in that direction.  At the same time we have to realize that to attract new consumers especially getting back to the 50 plus age group there's a little more price sensitivity in that group as well. This group tends to buy brands which are a little bit lower price and so they are more sensitive both on devices and on the heat sticks. So having a good offer for them and a good opportunity for them to try specially for their initial devices is important to cracking that group. So we will be judicious how we use discounts but I think we have to be realistic that we have competitors out there offering their HEET number and usually at 30% or 40% below the lowest prices we're offering for our. So we have to find ways to also put our products in front of people that are little more price sensitive as we go forward.
Martin King: Well I think as you can understand I'm not going to go into details for competitive reasons on our plans. But in the long run, over the long haul you're going to have to find ways to approach different consumer groups and you can do that in many different ways. You can do it with different products, you can do it with different offers, you can do it with special offers, etc. So I'm not going to go through the exact plan but that obviously we're thinking about ways to crack different consumer groups many of which are going to be increasingly price sensitive.
Martin King: Yeah, I mean I think it depends on the market and markets that have a menthol category. The menthol version is usually preferred by menthol smokers quite obviously. Often though we do see the menthol over index is a bit simply because it's a bit easier taste to bridge to from conventional to go to IQOS because IQOS is a much lighter taste and it's a flavor that people have chosen in a bit higher percentage than usually the menthol in the market. But it depends greatly on the different market and the different situations. 
Martin King: Look we worked very hard to defend our intellectual property. We constantly are looking at what competition is doing and looking at potential legal remedies in cases where we think they are misusing our IP but I'm not going to comment on individual cases or individual actions that we have either pending or out there at this time.
Martin King: Yeah, I mean we flagged the difference between the $0.87 that we had forecast and the dollar it's about $0.03 coming from the difference in the tax rate and the rest is overall spending type stuff. I mean the business by the way was very good in the first quarter. Our revenues came in well, pricing is doing great. So we had a good robust quarter but most of the difference is the tax and it's actually the spending than the tax. We still think the spending will be the same more or less is what we said before. So obviously what we didn't spend in the first quarter we still plan to spend in subsequent quarters. I'm not going to give you the exact amount or the exact timing of it partly because these plans are still unfolding and we're still allocating the resources and deciding which projects are most successful and deserve more funding and so forth.
Martin King: I'm not going to go through the exact regional split or country split. All I'm trying to flag is that we will do what we need to do in Japan. In other words we're pulling forward some of our plans so in some cases just timing of what we're planning to spend anyway. In other cases we may need to put some additional resources in there which we can fund in a number of different ways including taking it from the conventional business. It's a big company. We have adequate resources to redeploy some to trouble spots or to get opportunities going which has been more as an opportunity. But does that mean we're going to for instance cut spending in EU behind IQOS in order to do that, I don't think so. I think it's more an issue of figuring out what programs work and where to spend it and so forth. So I'm not going to give you the exact split by the market and by the region but we will do what we need to do to get IQOS fully successful which it is doing already and we need to continue. 
Martin King: Okay, I mean first of all on the share we've said we won't have a share buyback in 2018. We're working to improve our leverage and make sure we have the flexibility also within our balance sheet to be able to make for example acquisitions of new technology and in the reduced risk area if necessary. If currency continues favorable or gets more favorable and stays that way and we continue to see the success in the business that we're having at some point we're going to have to sit down with the board and decide what's the best way to reward shareholders whether that be dividend increases or whether it be stock buybacks. It's really a Board decision and we haven't got to that point yet. But at some point in the future that will come.  As far as Japan you know look, what we're seeing is that the conversion rates for example continue to be very strong. We think that as we approach consumers and have the ability to talk to them and convince them of the product that we can still continue to grow this category. We don't think there's some artificial plateau that is sealing and we won't be able to grow beyond that. We think it's more a matter of the speed at which you can move, the resources it'll take to do it, and the messages, tools, approaches, products that are customized to each of the different consumer groups to keep growing. We don't buy the idea that somehow there's a big chunk of consumers that want to continue using combustible cigarettes when offered extremely high quality satisfying reduced risk products. It just doesn't make sense.  Every single adult smoker that has the right product to shift to has a cleaner way to use nicotine we think can eventually make that shift. And we've seen it among our own employees, we've seen him on every market where we go and work on it, we are seeing among our friends where we go and you approach them by and convince them that this is a better way for them to use nicotine and get them to commit to using it for a certain period of time. The conversion rates are fantastic so we don't buy the idea that there's some sort of a limit.  Now it may take longer, it may take more resources, it may take more customized approach but this is an unforeseen. We knew that we were going to have to adjust as we hit different consumer demographics and consumer groups and that's kind of where we are. This isn't surprising, okay it came a little bit earlier in the year than what we had hoped. That's just how it is but that's okay. We've got the right team and the right products and the right approach and we're going to keep growing in Japan.
Martin King: Well thank you very much for joining us. This concludes our call for today. And if you have any follow-up questions please contact the IR team. Have a great day. Thank you. 
