Martin King: We’ve been assessing the whole situation. We have been putting the programs in place in Japan. And we gave you quite a bit of detail at the AGM on the dynamics of the consumers, and some of the uncertainties involved. And we gave some better color on the forecast for shipments. We decided not to give a new net revenue number, because at that point in time, we were still recalculating and figuring the effects of all these pieces. But the key is we're really confident going forward in these projections. We have time now to understand the consumer situation Japan, and to put together a really good plan there. And we have a great deal of confidence going forward that we will hit these numbers, including the shipment and IMS for the heated tobacco units.
Martin King: I think the key point with regard to the heated tobacco unit, whether it’s mainstream price or premium price in Japan, is these products have better margins than cigarettes do. And their price, and including the mainstream variant, will be priced such that it's adding quite a bit of profitability, even above what we would get from a similar tobacco product. Because Japan, for example, our portfolio on the conventional side, has always included Marlboro Lights, Lark and other brands so we've always had brands priced at difference points within Japan. And with heated tobacco units, you're going to follow a similar logic that you need more than one price point in order to reach a broader group of consumers. And we’re still going to be, on average, above the average price in Japan. And we're going to be adding profitability very strongly with our RFP portfolio in Japan and everywhere else.
Martin King: Well, I mean, it's unfortunate that there is confusion in Korea, because we've been growing tremendously well there. And we are still adding consumers in Korea. But unfortunately, with the confusion, we've had a pause in the rate of speed of converting people; we're sorting through it and getting them the right information, the consumers the right information, which factually we have a very good story to tell; and all the scientific backing, including coming from other government agencies. In fact, the KFDA itself, if you read their evidence, they understand that the composition of the aerosol is much better with our products. Unfortunately, that didn't come through in their final report. So there's some confusion, but we're clarifying it. And we think that Korea will continue to grow. It’s not as fast as what we had been on very good trajectory, but we'll get back to those fast speeds of growth in the future. And I think we're still going to see very good growth in the second half of the year.
Martin King: Our intent is to keep the premium positioning for heat. It’s important as you’re establishing the new category that remain premium, you have to remember in Japan we have reached the market share, which is very, very substantial to this point where you get running out of premium smokers, if you will. And you need to expand once you hit very high market share. In other markets, we’re not there yet, we will get there eventually. So certainly, if we get well into the 15%, 16% market share, we’re going to have to deal with this issue in other places. But we’re still not there, we are growing very rapidly in the EU. In a number of markets, we’re doing extremely well. Italy, Greece, we called out already, but there are number of other markets that are growing. And when you look at the consumer uptake, it’s really taken off in the EU and we’re very pleased with the results there and looking forward to higher market shares. But it will be away before we get to the point where we would need to be thinking about introducing a second line up of SKUs. But overall, I mean the HeatSticks as you point out, are very profitable in EU. They enjoy some favorable tax positioning, and it makes it quite accretive in a number of markets.
Martin King: So we’re still on track for the 1,600 incremental. As far as the phasing, we’re about 50% already in the first quarter. So it’s pretty on track, and we’ll expect about the same for next second half. Obviously, we spent half we’ll have half to go. So that remains intact. We are seeing some very good impacts from some of our investments, digital, absolutely. I mean, Russia, you see the market share really talking in Moscow. Its due to a number of initiatives, digital is playing a role. We’re getting better at finding leads and being more efficient in how we decide to approach those smokers. And it’s paying off inefficiency that we hope. We will see rolling across other markets towards the latter part of this year and into next year. And it really gives us much more leverage with our coaches, for example, where they can work on leads that are already verified and already delivered from the digital process. It's also helped us follow during conversion and a number of other benefits. So the spending that we’re making in digital is paying off. Our retail footprint is improving. We’re getting more consistent higher quality, getting more effectiveness of our retail spend. So there are number of variance where the spending is really starting to pay off, and will pay off even more in next year. As far as next year, when we look at that 600 million, about half of it, say 300 million, will be in the base but will not grow any further. They work through specific initiatives that are being built that can handle much higher scale. So we will not need to grow or have more spending behind it in order to provide the benefits to a huge number of consumers and across all the markets. The other half will scale somewhat on how fast we rollout markets and how fast we have uptake in the consumer conversion piece. But it should not grow as quickly as the consumer pieces. So we’re looking at the profitability coming from the whole RRP investment to begin paying off much better next year and going forward, because if you realize it, the consumables are being sold at a net factory price around the world that’s about twice of our average CC. So we’re getting very good benefits as we grow the volume. And that allows us to amortize the costs of conversion and of these other essential initiatives over some very good profitability. And we’re seeing more and more and more markets now have passed the point where they’re accretive and they’re profitable; obviously, Japan and Korea were there; there are number of markets in the EU there; there obviously, Italy, duty-free. So we’re getting now much more benefits from all these investments and very helpful going forward.
Martin King: We don’t have as much exposure to e-cigs as other companies. Our biggest e-cig exposure or markets, is in the EU, UK would be obviously the one with the highest level. We have a lower market share in UK, so a lower base from which to deploy our commercialization and so forth. So it’s hard to really say where e-cigs versus IQOS. We know that IQOS is a better product from the point of view of converting consumers, especially adult smoker that has lower total usage that has higher conversion rates than e-cig. The taste is closer, the delivery of nicotine and the satisfaction of the smokers is much closer than cigarette. So we are confident that IQOS is a better option for adult smokers, and that we will be successful -- are successful when we go into markets with e-cig. One example would be like, Italy, where there are e-cigs in the market. Obviously, IQOS is doing extremely well there. And then I think from a point of view of looking at e-cig. We think the IP in the regulation around the tobacco product of heat-not-burn is a different categories, it’s difficult to replicate the IP that we have and the scientific substantiation. Whereas e-cig category tends to be much more of a commodity, the technology is pretty much weakened coil across the industry. There aren’t a lot of unique IP around it. And then the regulation as a tobacco product, while we think heat-not-burn should be regulated differently than cigarettes, we recognize there’ll still be regulation around tobacco products and so forth. So it makes it more difficult for competitors to come into this space if they don’t have the experience of the tobacco regulation. So overall, we do believe that e-cigs have a role to play. We have very good technology with our MESH that we’ve developed. And we will be putting out a newer version of that soon. And we think that our mesh approach has better consistency. It has the better IP protection. And we’ll deliver better over the long-term in the experience of consumer. So we will compete in e-cigs. We’ll be very successful there. But at the same time, we feel that the winning product right now is actually in heat-not-burn and that’s where we can achieve better profitability, better uniqueness and also better conversion of smokers. So we’re pleased to compete with e-cigarettes in any market.
Martin King: It's the things we made out before. Obviously, the tax is coming better. The business is being impacted by the heated tobacco unit shipments, but also now the currency, I mean the inventory, which is about a 5 billion swing from what we talked about at the annual meeting. The devices don't have much impact because of EPS and that we're getting some offset from the CC business. So the main impact is difference between where we were projecting Japan versus where we are today. We're still very confident in Japan and we're taking the actions necessary. And this step around inventories, for both devices and for heated tobacco units, is to clear the deck and prepare Japan for better growth going forward. So that the initiatives we put in there, the new heated tobacco unit offerings, as well as the very compelling new devices, have an opportunity to blossom and to do really well and drive our growth going forward. So we're setting the base for a better 2019, and to deliver the numbers.
Martin King: I think that's about right. We're going to take the inventory adjustment of 3 billion to 4 billion in Japan, because remember the net is 3 billion. It includes a plus one by the end of the year coming from other areas. So in Japan, we're looking at about 4 billion inventory, it will come mostly in the third quarter. I think almost entirely in the third quarter. And we're you know making sure we have the right inventory of the Marlboro heated tobacco units to make room for the new line up of SKUs. And we have a really flexible manufacturing base now we're able to supply. So rather than end up with too much inventory of any one particular product, which is hard to predict how it's going to perform going forward, especially given the pricing that's coming in the market and the tax increase October 1. So to clear the decks and have a lower inventory so we can be more flexible is what we're doing.
Martin King: I mean, our guidance is all in. We don't carve out any particular instances. We have put in the application on conventional product in Japan. The tax increase is ¥20 per pack. We applied for ¥50 total increase. On the combustible side, there are some technicalities around the calculation of the device -- on the RRP, the heated tobacco unit side. There are some technicalities on how the new tax based on the weight of tobacco or consumable product is calculated. So that's held off a bit the timing of the applications but obviously, the tax is going up October 1. So we’ll need to submit new price list as soon as we can for those products as well.
Martin King: So first of all, the number of consumers coming into the heat-not-burn category is growing. We estimate it’s around 150,000 per month. And the 34.7% number is anybody any smoker who has used a heat-not-burn product in the last seven days. So it doesn’t necessarily mean that they’re fully converted. It doesn’t even necessarily mean they yet bought a device, but they’ve tried the product. It could be also from a friend or somebody else. But it's an indication of interest and that I think is the starting point. Then you get to the question of, will consumers convert. And this is what our initiatives are around. And we find that IQOS is the best at converting consumers and we find that it's the best product in the category, so as long as the category has interest and people are coming into it. And look we’re selling over 500,000 kits and/or holders every month in Japan. So we are bringing people into the category. It's being hidden a bit by this churn and the fact that consumers are trying many different products. And so the number of sticks per device and consumption has come down a bit. So you don't see quite the volume and share growth that you would associate with that number of consumers. So we’re convinced it’s going to settle out that IQOS will win, it's the best product in the market and we will see higher rates of growth. Now that’s underpin by the three buckets of things we’re taking in Japan; we’re improving the basics, so the device quality issue and reliability; the loyalty programs for existing users to make sure they stick with IQOS since they appreciate the brand; the holders have programs to get people the ability to do some and use in short-term; we’ve simplified pricing registration and you’ve got the messaging to reach a broader consumer base; and reach, for example, we flag the 50 plus group, which is pretty large in Japan; we’re adapting our messaging to those to that group and focusing on smoke-free Japan; going to where they are and more suburban; there is a new campaign on the way; so that's all around messaging and consumer. And then the products are a key part of it; the new flavor SKU; the new lineup of consumables at the mainstream price; and then very importantly, the new generation devices, which is a nice improved device; and we are convinced, it’s going to do really well, even at a premium price to the existing devices, which is why we’re bringing the inventory of the previous devices down, so that the new devices have room to sell. So all these things, put together, I think will increase the rate of people coming into the category. Overtime, the churn will dissipate. It may a take a while. We still have the spread of competitive products. But you see what’s happening in the cities where we’ve already been in the longest, we start to tick backup. So it’s got a come, it’s just a matter of being more conservative in our estimates about when that will happen and making the room for these initiatives to take route and be successful through the inventory resizing. So that’s the story around Japan. We’re really confident in the future. We are absolutely sure that the basics are in place, the product is right and it’s going to resume growth. We’re just being more conservative about when we forecast that will happen and giving run through the initiatives to take place.
Martin King: There are couple of markets that have accelerated notably in the last few periods. I mean, you call out Europe. Take Italy. Italy is starting to take some pretty big jumps in the share quarter-over-quarter. I mean we were at 1.5 share points in the first quarter, now we’re at 1.9. So maybe it’s not taking off quite as fast as Korea or Japan. But that’s a noticeable acceleration in share. Russia, Moscow being the leading city for Russia. I mean, to you jump from 2.7% to 4.4% in one quarter, that is a serious acceleration. Also, Greece is another example, and there some of other markets. I mean, I’m not going to go through the whole list. But we are starting to see faster growth across a variety of markets. And I think part of it is the efficiency of our initiatives and we’re learning how to do it better. Our spending is paying off better. But it’s also I think which you pointed out, which is word of mouth. At some point, it gets to a critical mass where people start seeing each other using it and they start reaffirming their choice and you start to see a difference in the growth rate. And we are seeing that. And obviously in differently geographies, it might be to different extremes, but it is significant growth and we’re very pleased with the progress across EU, Russia, a number of different geographies, as well as the great success that we’ve had in Japan and Korea. So it’s getting very broad base now. We’re very pleased with it and very confident in the future. 
Martin King: Well, in Japan, we’re actually spending this year what we plan to already at the beginning of the year. We have not increased the total spending in Japan above what we had already planned. And I’m sure within the 600 million that we’re spending across a variety of markets, including Japan, Korea, EU, a number of different geographies. But the plans, as far as how the markets are spending it, are pretty much on track and Japan is actually right on track with its spending. So it's a step up from last year and that's maybe what you're seeing when you look through our earnings release. But that was already planned and it's already in the 600 million number, we haven't increased either the 600 nor have we increased its allocations to Japan.
Martin King: Well, I think we expected it to do well across the geographies. It's done a little bit better in some, obviously, and in others we're hoping to accelerate the growth. And we're still confident it'll come. I am one where it would pay off tremendously if it grew, but is challenging, is Germany. We knew, because of the characteristics of the consumer and so forth, there was a little bit more of a show-me type market and would take more effort and more incremental growth to where we get to a point. We are growing in Germany. We're gaining consumers. We're making progress. It's going okay. But obviously, we would like to see it do better in Germany, partly because it would be extremely profitable, as well as the fact that it's a key market for us and we would like to grow it. But we're very confident it's going to happen. We are applying these new tools and the learnings and getting better every day and it is starting to move faster. But we're all always looking for more.
Martin King: I think we're making progress we have good efforts on the ground there. And it's a market that is very interesting, because it has a fairly large e-cigarette component and we have consumers there. And we also would like to see it do well in the UK from the point of view of English-speaking, and would spread the word better around the world with word-of-mouth. It's going fine, we're making progress. But that's a market that we're putting a lot of focus on and trying to accelerate the growth in.
Martin King: So for the existing line up of devices in Japan, we said the price now as a simple one price as opposed to the situation before where you had discounting and you had most consumers having to go through the registration process to get the discount price. It also gave the impression the device being marked down. So we made it simple. We simplified the registration. We also didn't require the registration in order to get the same price, the ¥8000 price, which is where most consumers were getting to anyway but only after some pain and suffering. And that was also in anticipation of bringing the new line-up of devices. The plan all along was when the new devices arrive would be to have two price tier system for the existing line-up and then the new and improved line-up at a higher price. None like you would see for other electronics product line-up. So we just accelerated that, took away the pain and suffering of having to go through a long process to register and get the price, which you should have gotten anyway and put it there. So yes, when the new line-up comes, it will be an improved device. It will offer better functionality, performance, design, all the great things and consecutive use too, by the way. And so in general, it will be priced above the older device, which you would expect that that’s not surprising. As far as the consumables pricing, I was just referencing in October 1st, there is a tax increase in Japan for both RRP and conventional cigarette. So obviously, you need to have your price list in before any tax increase. We've already put our price listing for the combustible. And so we were delayed a bit by this technicality on the rest of our portfolio, and so that’s what I was referring to.
Martin King: There is a tax increase and we’re going to file a price list that deals with that. I can't comment further on pricing.
Martin King: We’re still selling a nice amount of devices, and we do have a superior product we believe. So we want to have the premium positioning. So yes, I think this is about the right price.
Martin King: I think this has to do just with the data source for the shares at Nielsen for Russia, I think. It may just be that -- I’m not sure, to be honest with you. It may just be that the way we pick up share in Russia is still not picking up in Moscow rather, it's still not picking up in there. But I honestly don’t have the answer for that…
Martin King: We really haven’t split it out by market. Obviously, Russia is probably the biggest component but it’s not split by that.
Martin King: We’re having terrific results in Russia. So logically, we would expand -- we will expand, yes. We will continue to expand in Russia. I’m not going to say when and so forth. But absolutely, with the results that we’re having and the programs working so well, it’s only logical that we will continue to expand in Russia.
Martin King: I don’t think we really have an impact from that on the market development, going forward. I mean, usually smoking bans aren’t a big impact on volume in the market. I think it’s disappointing if they don’t allow heated tobacco units, because I think it is materially different to combustible and it should allowed, it does not impact into our air quality, we have the studies to prove it. In fact we did a study in Japan on actual consumers and looking at the biomarkers and individuals, and proved that the IQOS device does not impact air quality or give a problem to non-smokers in the area.
Martin King: So platform two, which is the heat-not-burn product, deliver similarly to platform one but it uses carbon tip to generate the energy. That product has been launched in a limited city test in the Dominican Republic. We’re gathering consumer data and consumer information on that and preparing to ramp up the production. And we’ll give plans for that going forward. Platform four, which is the e-cigarette MESH product I referred to before, is -- the new version of it is being finalized and it will be launched soon. And it is an improve technology that we believe and a differentiated from others in e-cigarette category. So we have high hopes for that product and continue development of that product going forward to deliver better satisfaction to smokers. So that will be put out in its market before the end of the year. And then platform-three is little bit more in development and we don't have it in test market yet. But we will get into a test market as soon as we can.
Martin King: We're reevaluating our whole CapEx for RRP. The reality is we're in good shape with RRP capacity. We have better efficiency with the spend because you have better up time. We've had lower waste numbers and we've also figured out how to better use some existing facility layout. And with the new growth forecast we're in pretty good shape. So we have now changed the timing on some of our spending for CapEx, that's why we have lower CapEx number for the year. And we're going to continue to evaluate the footprint for RRP going forward. We don't have any announcements on individual factories, but we're doing the assessment now. And we'll give more information to the individual areas as they might be impacted or not. From a company perspective, it's a story of us being more effective and efficient with spend and phasing of the timing of our investment on CapEx to match the situation.
Martin King: That is not going to be the case. We're not launching higher tar and nicotine product. We said more flavorful. First of all, tar doesn't really make sense when you talk about heated tobacco units. The aerosol is dramatically different. It's not really -- tar doesn't really make sense in the case of those. And the nicotine level doesn't necessarily go with the flavor level. It's about the selection of tobaccos in the way we make the tobacco, print tobacco in the raw that creates a different flavor. So we're talking about more flavorful ones that -- products that give more taste in the consumer experience in order to bridge better to full flavor smokers. But it's nothing to do with tar and nicotine. And as far as price goes, we're going to have a line-up of different flavors. We would not price according to the flavor or the nicotine amounts or anything like that, nothing like that, no.
Martin King: We have our Investor Day that’s coming up at the end of September, and we will talk about the future in much more depth there and talk about the different aspects of our growth and the very positive plans we have for the future. I think that’s probably the best venue in which to talk about longer-term prospects on growth for the Company.
Martin King: I mean, first of all, we don’t believe that scenario is reflected with what's going to happen. The heat not burn category is profitable. The products that we sell in that category are more profitable than our convention cigarette products and we think it will stay that way, some of its coming from tax differentials. We think we have very good arguments for maintaining tax differential. We’ve been very successful around the world having these products at a lower tax than conventional cigarettes. And if you couple that with the fact that the production costs are roughly the same as cigarette and the trade margins are the same as cigarette, you have a much more profitable category. We think it’s defensible with our IP and the regulatory situation around tobacco. We think that the conversion costs are reasonable given the higher income stream coming from the higher margins on these products, and they are coming down the conversion costs as you amortize the central costs and the set up costs over more and more volume. The conversion costs will come down and the scale will help us with that. We’re building brand equity with IQOS. So we have every reason to believe that the profitability of IQOS and heat-not-burn category, in general going forward, will be very good and better than cigarette and we are very confident in that scenario. I think the success we’ve had around the world and the fact that these products and these markets, even at relatively low market shares, are accretive in adding profitability to the Company is a testament to that.
Martin King: I mean, I think at Investor Day, we’ll talk about the further out periods. I think 2019 will be a better year for us. We’re lapping some challenges around Saudi for this year that 3 EPS point. The combustible business is better and strong, it’s improving. We’ve got volume. We’ve got share improved on combustible. We’ve got pricing that’s going well. Our investments going forward, I already talked about, are more manageable in the out years, because you don't step up the infrastructure cost that you built for bigger volumes. We’re taking the inventory rightsizing and the initiatives in Japan that will help set the deck for 2019 and help the initiatives in Japan really take effect, and get us better growth there. And then you’ve got tremendous growth across a bunch of geographies on IQOS this year that are very well for the future next year. So I can tell you 2019 we’re quite confident in and very bullish about and we can talk more at Invest Day about the longer-term and the different elements of our growth.
Martin King: No, I think that the spending is -- just the flip side of what we’ve talked about with the $600 million on RRP. We haven’t really changed greatly the investment plans behind the combustible category. And our pricing went very well this year across a broad series of geographies, so that’s helping the overall. And our share is doing better. I mean there were another -- a number of markets that have been dragging on us, which are now turned around. I mean, you go to the Asia, South and Southeast Asia region; Indonesia is positive share this year and doing better on first half on volume; Philippines, we’re getting great share growth in the Philippines and the profitability is improving. From a volume perspective; Thailand and Pakistan are adding, whereas before it wasn’t as much; Turkey, the market is growing due to illicit coming back into the legal market, and we’re benefiting greatly from that; in Germany, our pricing and initiatives went very well this year. We had growth in share in the second quarter. And so it’s starting to deliver some good benefits. So it’s a broad range of geographies where the brands are doing well, the pricing is a bit better and the overall market volumes, in a few cases, are a bit better like I mentioned in Turkey but also in some of the geographies that had been causing us issues before. We have situations and we have volume coming back from illicit due to a number of factors like in Pakistan the new tax tier, et cetera. So you add it all up and we have a very good picture, going forward, not just for the second quarter but going forward on the conventional products business.
Martin King: I think you’re going to have to wait and see on that one. I can tell you that we’re very excited about this new generation of devices. They really are better from the way the consumers use them, the interface, the way they look and the performance of them. And we have a good plan for introducing them and you’ll have to wait and see.
Martin King: We flagged as one of the drivers of having to reduce inventories and device sales, going forward, is that that we’re finding that our devices are actually holding up better as far as the life of the battery, if you will. You buy a battery and it’s rated for a certain number of cycles. But the reality is in the real life and with the consumer use, people are tending to get more cycles out. So the replacement rate for battery life issues is actually turning out to be bit lower than what we had planned. And therefore, consumers can hang onto them and use them for a longer period of time. So the batteries in these devices are fantastic technological quality and they are lasting better.
Martin King: I just want to close with just reiterate three key points for our outlook. First of all, the base business we talked about it, it’s doing better. We've got improved volume to share. The Marlboro is doing well across the world and the pricing is coming in very nicely this year. The RRP growth is substantial. Year-over-year, we're growing our IMS, nearly doubling it and it's really broad based. It’s covering a number geographies, not just Asia now with Japan and Korea which are great success stories, but also EU, Russia, other markets are starting to kick in with significant additions to our volume growth. And the last point is that we've taken some decisive actions to improve our growth, going forward. In Japan, in particular, the initiatives we put in place in rightsizing these inventories. We're doing that in order to give us better results, going forward, not only that the initiatives have better impact but also prepare the decks for 2019. So we're very confident about the future. We look forward to giving more detail at Investor Day, and we look forward to improve results going forward. So thanks very much, everybody.
Nick Rolli: Michael just a follow up -- Michael it’s Nick. That ban does apply to both combustible and heat-not-burn. They’ve carved out some differences between the two. So I think that’s the good news is to recognizing the heat-not-burn category as a bit different.
Nick Rolli: There are some differences and I can get you the specifics on that after the call. In restaurants, and bars and things you maybe…
Nick Rolli: Something like the establishments and things of that nature where you can’t use CC but you can use heat-not-burn.
