Emmanuel Babeau: Thanks, Pamela. So we are obviously -- and I said it very pleased with the performance of IQOS, and that is certainly being reflected in the very strong user growth of more than 1.1 million in the second quarter. We said that for H1, it's a record growth. The good news is that we are really growing across geographies. So of course, we have a number of countries such as Italy, Poland, Japan, because their size, of course, they contribute more in the quarter. But the reality is that we see very good trends across geographies. And I could mention countries such as Romania, Portugal, Hungary, I mean, these are all countries of smaller size but where the growth is really impressive. So I think it's a tribute to the fact that IQOS is making some clear customer expectation, the fact that people realize all the benefits they can get by switching from combustible cigarettes to the IQOS product. There is certainly ILUMA contributing. But as you know, we are unfortunately today, limited in the number of geographies where we propose ILUMA. It's Japan Switzerland and Spain. We've been launching Greece. So that is certainly in this country, helping the performance. But to be very clear, the performance is across the board, as I said, and including country where we haven't launched yet ILUMA. So certainly, we are improving the way we deliver a great customer experience, including digital customer, how we contact smokers, how we get in touch with them, how we start the dialogue, how we explain the benefit of IQOS and how we are leading them in the journey from moving away from combustible products to IQOS. So no doubt, we continue to improve our commercial engine, and that is helping. There is probably the impact of awareness, visibility that is growing. There are markets where when you start to reach a certain market share, IQOS become visible, more visible, you go in bars, you go in events, you go in social gathering, you see more and more people, and that triggers what we call organic growth, people who wants to discover by themselves about IQOS. They want to learn, friends explaining how it works and why they really enjoy IQOS. We are also accelerating innovation. We have been proposing new devices. We are proposing new type of references. So, we are enlarging the choice and that make probably IQOS even more desirable and attractive. So that's really, I think, all the powerful driver behind the success of IQOS. Now if I focus on ILUMA and what is the potential with more ILUMA capacity, we see it in the three markets where we have been launching. ILUMA is resolving the remaining pain point that was -- that are existing on the previous version of IQOS. It's certainly coming with a great customer experience. It is increasing the conversion, the loyalty. We expect it to increase the average daily consumption as well and to significantly reduce our [indiscernible]. We see the customer Net Promoter Score improving in the countries. So that is obviously bringing more momentum in the country where we are launching ILUMA. And I think we should see it as a kind of second stage of the rocket that we are going to launch in the various countries to sell IQOS even higher, and that we expect in the various countries where we're going to launch in the coming quarters.
Emmanuel Babeau: Today, we are focusing on Swedish Match. The time line is the one we were expecting at the beginning. We continue to expect the closing of the transaction in Q4, of course, subject to Swedish Match shareholder acceptance. Nothing has changed. We are focusing on that. Am I closing the door in the future on other things that would further accelerate our journey to become a leading and successful smoke-free company? No. But clearly, the priority and the focus today is on Swedish Match.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes. Thanks, Bonnie for the question. So I mean, that's true that in H1, we've seen a number of headwinds on the margin. Needless to say that inflation, of course, is one. And we said that we are seeing around 4% inflation on our input cost. So I guess it's probably lower than inflation that we see in many countries, but that's significant. Obviously, we have costs that are coming from the disruption in the supply chain, notably coming from the war in Ukraine. We have a dramatic acceleration of air freight that is, of course, temporary. We're not going to keep air shipping on the long term. But during a period of time, we need to do that, and it's very costly at the time where the cost of freight is globally, not only for air but globally going up. So we are obviously being impacted. So that is having an impact here. And then there is a launch of ILUMA at the beginning, notably in Japan, where we had a very, very strong investment, which was really important to make on the device. And we have two devices now offering -- three device, actually, three models in Japan, and the strong volume in device has an impact on the margin level. On top of that, we said it since the beginning, we don't start the launch of ILUMA with optimized cost and weight on TEREA and on SENTIA. And that is coming at the beginning with a negative impact on margin which something that is temporary as well. So we expect in the course of 2023 seems to gradually improve. So inflation is not temporary. I think for the rest, a lot of the headwinds that we are seeing in H1 are temporary, and there will be a recovery in the future. I'm not able at that stage and we do that, of course, as we are gaining visibility to phase it in the coming quarter, but that's certainly what we that's what we are expecting. And then clearly, for H2, we are expecting an improvement on the margin. Certainly, that would be skewed to a large extent to Q4, but already the deterioration in Q3 on the gross margin would be lower, but there will be more investment as we know we are just following the growth, and we are putting the right level of investment to cope with the growth. Q4, we'll be clearly seeing a better improvement with the better mix. Remember, we've been impacted also on the margin by the fact that the volume that we should have been shipping and it should have been the P&L to Japan, and that are having a very nice margin are not in the P&L. And so of course, it's another one-off that was impacting H1, but we will have the compensation in H2. So, yes, difficult beginning of the year, it doesn't mean that everything will be back to normal in H2. That will be still with some headwind. But clearly, most of what we are facing is temporary, and they will be over time, a recovery on the margin.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Bonnie. What I can tell you on Swedish Match is, first of all, to repeat that we have cleared the U.S. requisite in terms of regulatory approval. So that is behind us. For the rest, the processes are still ongoing in several jurisdictions according to plan. And we are confirming the fact that we expect what we said in beginning closing in Q4, of course, subject to Swedish Match shareholder acceptance. And here, I would like to reiterate the fact that we believe that this is a very compelling offer for Swedish Match shareholder. Can I remind everybody that we offered a 40% for the premium at the time of the announcement in May, since then, the markets have been quite volatile, most of them going down, and that this offer has been approved by the Board of Swedish Match, which was confirming the fact that they thought it was compelling for their shareholders. So that's what I have to say on Swedish Match. And I have no other comment to make.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes, Chris, if I can try to help you, what we expect in Q3 is shipment to be much more in line with the underlying growth that we have seen on the IMS in H1, which was around 20%. So that's what we expect in shipment, but we don't expect the recovery of the shipments that have been missing in H1. We expect this recovery in Q4, where we continue to expect very strong dynamism of IQOS consumables. But then the shipment will be in Q4 above IMS to broadly align for the year, shipment and IMS. So that is the phasing that we expect for the year.
Emmanuel Babeau: I think you have two elements, Chris, here. The first one, remember, we had some constraint on device availability that started in Q2, some impact in Q3 and last year. So of course, there is an increase in the device level this year based on low comps. So that's the first element. And I think it's really important to realize how important it is to make sure that smokers can have access to IQOS device to get converted. So I think it's important that we make commercial effort here. And I think we're doing that well. And we see that our device versus maybe some device from the competition is clearly getting a better conversion. On top of it and then the second element, it is clear that with ILUMA, there is a wave of replacement. So, we see in the markets where we launched ILUMA, a rapid replacement of existing IQOS blade device by IQOS ILUMA. And that -- this wave of replacement is creating a very strong one-off acceleration in the level of device. When people will be equipped when the core consumer will be equipped that will be behind us, but we have to go through that. And that is having, again, on a temporary basis, a negative impact on the margin.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, I'm not sure we disclosed the component of menthol. Of course, that's a minority of our business. What I can say about that is that we have to understand that this is a move in application from the TPD in Europe. So it's not a decision. It's an application based on the TPD of 2014, which in certain circumstances was planning for a kind of automatic ban to be implemented. Now this still needs to be approved by the parliament and by the European Council that will be in front of these two bodies later on in 2022, and we'll see what is the final decision. To be very clear, it already has happened on a combustible business with almost no impact or very limited impact. So, the consumer reorganize their taste and they switch to other products, but very limited impact. And therefore, it isn't clear that this will have a meaningful impact if it happens on our heat-not-burn business. In addition to that, we believe that we have superiority in our tobacco taste versus competition, and that's the superiority of our technology with IQOS versus the technology of the competition. So that will mean if we are left with tobacco taste that our product will look great versus competition for people who may decide to go for new product, if they have to abandon on flavor. So we are, of course, waiting to see what are the development. But as you can hear, I guess, from my comments, we have limited concern on that matter.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes. We expect to be in a position to introduce IQOS in H1 of 2023. I cannot be more precise at this stage. We continue to work on the plan to be able to do that. And of course, we'll keep you posted when we have more clarity and more precise reintroduction date.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Gaurav. So yes, I confirm that we can still export our device, not covered by sanction. And therefore, you have many parts of the business that are disrupted on the supply chain, but that one for the time being because, of course, you never know how this can evolve, is not impacted. On the payment of the dividend, I'm not able to tell you because we did not try to pay a dividend. So I'm not able to answer. What I can tell you is that for the time being, we've been making the usual payment between our subsidiary and in terms of procurement in terms of any kind of royalties or intercompany normally. So that's what I can tell you at that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes. I think that is a market where you may have some basis of comparison and some one-off element, but the trend is clearly don't take the minus 60% as a reference for the market. But clearly, the trend is for combustible business to go down and for smoke-free product, including vaping, but our ambition is also to grow fast heat-not-burn to develop nicely as a substitute to combustible. That's a market on which things are moving rapidly.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, thank you very much for participating to this call today. We were delighted to share the very good progress that we are making on IQOS and on becoming a smoke-free company despite of fact, of course, the challenges that you all know. And we look forward to talk to you soon. Thank you very much.
