Jacek Olczak: Okay. Yes, I think I'll start with our previous guidance, which was $5.10 to $5.20. And if you remember at that time, this guidance included the $0.27 of unfavorable currency versus the 2011. Our new guidance assumes the $0.23 of unfavorable currency, again versus 2011. So we have a gain of $0.04 on the currency. Also, in our previous guidance, we did not have the impact of the tax charge of the $0.05 related to the closing of the U.S. tax of this and the $0.01 for the asset impairment and exit costs. So it gives me a $0.06 or gives us a $0.06 of adjustment, if you like. So if I have a $0.05 adjusted for better currency or $0.04, adjusted for the tax charge negative $0.06, I am at the -- we were at the $5.08 to $5.18, which we narrowed upward, if you like, to the $5.12, $5.18. And this should imply a growth rate on x currency basis of approximately, as we said, 11% to 12% versus the adjusted diluted EPS of $4.88 in the previous year. And I think it's clear -- it should be clear now.
Jacek Olczak: One, for this year, would be $5.18 to $5.24. Actually, you should say $5.19 to $5.25, just not to further complicate the issue. We have the $0.01 of adjustment in the first 2 quarters of the year and the $0.01 extra of the adjustment for the [indiscernible] in the third quarter. So to be perfectly accurate, I should say it's $5.19 to $5.25.
Jacek Olczak: I think it's partially due to the comps which we expect for the Q4 this year versus Q4 last year. We've had a very bad or very low quarter driven by some timing of the pricing tax changes in the last year. So we expect this to ease the pressure for this year. And also, we see how the end of the quarter 3, which was very low, sorry, quarter 2, which was very low for the EU, and then how quarter 3 we closed. I think this gives us the confidence that we should be in a range of 6%, even, I would say, marginally, the volumes for the total market in EU may go a little bit below 6% or let's say 6% [indiscernible].
Jacek Olczak: Okay. As we said or I said in our remarks, we're very pleased with the performance of Marlboro, which not only is obviously about the level, which it had before the special situations in Japan. But also, sequentially, the quarter this year, [ph] Marlboro has a higher share. Our focus since the beginning of the year was essentially primary on Marlboro. So 4 out of 5 of the big year initiatives which we have deployed into the market were behind Marlboro, 2 behind Marlboro Ice Blast and 2 behind Marlboro Edge. The most growing or the most dynamic segment today in Japan is around menthol, super slim propositions and sometimes with the capsules -- with the menthol capsules. And this is exactly what we're pushing behind Marlboro. JT, because this I was referring mainly as the competitor deploying quite a large amount of new initiatives in the market, seems that they took a little bit of a different approach because this was broadly on the entire portfolio. So clearly, there are some brands which are more on the traditional spectrum of the consumers, and hence, the losses which we incurred in the quarter of this year are more on our traditional brands which is Lark. So Marlboro is in a very good shape. I think the innovations behind Marlboro [indiscernible] this year and what we have in the pipeline for the next year, I think we are in good shape. It's more of the fact that the focus of JT and the deploying number of innovations there and our share is a little bit below the 28% exit share. Now with regards to [indiscernible] and the Mild Seven, it's difficult for me to comment a competitor's move. It is clearly a very bold and a bright move and create some challenges presumably for JT and create, I would argue, some opportunities for others. So let's see how this thing is going to unfold in the market.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. So on our tax in Russia, I think, first, we're very pleased that the Russian government continues with this 3-year tax outlook. I mean, we always -- I think it is good from a government perspective when they heard the news and also from the industry that large perspective to have a 3-year tax visibility, adding the 2015, clarifying what rates they would like to have, is very helpful. Now that's clearly -- there will be a substantial target increase in the 2013, '14 and '15, but something which we planned or you could say we anticipated. So I think at the end of the day, it's going to turn manageable on the tax side. On the regulatory side, I'll discuss just for us also to understand, it still needs to be approved by Duma. This is not the final thing, but this is what we know at this point in time. In terms of the regulatory, okay, they have 3 issues or the 3 subjects which they want to cover for the regulatory to understand today the cabinet approved, and they moved it now to Duma for Duma debate. There's a smoking ban for the [indiscernible] sector, the [indiscernible], which I think they target in 2015 as implementation. So it's not 2013 or 2014, it's '15. And the workplaces ban, which is 2013, i.e., next year. Then you have some restrictions on sales in the outlets below the 50 square meters. So that clearly will have some impact on our volume allocations between a trade channel and the experience from other markets is that this -- it makes it a little bit more [indiscernible] for consumers to walk a few extra 100 meters to the next shop but doesn't impact the smoking rate of consumption, as is potentially the smoking ban because if I go to the more mature market where most of the countries in the planet who have in the work who have a smoking ban, you have an impact of a 1% to 2% at the beginning of the implementation, and then the market moderated, sometimes even comes back to the previous level. So I think it is overall pretty manageable situation, but we need to assume that Russia is moving into the total market performance when you're serving a more mature country. So maybe 1%, maybe 2% part of the total industry decline.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. The Japan situation was like this. We had -- what we announced at the end of the year, we had a hurdle or what we call the hurdle in Japan, the 6.3 billion units of the equivalent, what we said, the $0.10 on EPS. And this was related to the hurdle which we had in the second quarter, mainly in the second quarter of last year, okay, due to the higher end market sales and the higher market share. What we have been confronted with in the third quarter of last year is that, obviously, following the high sales in the second quarter, we ended up with extremely low inventories of trade level. And we have to replenish this inventory to the safety level, and that's essentially when the distortions come through. And if you would do the quantification of this thing, I think that the adjustment would be the range of, say, about the 1 trillion units, okay, of Philip Morris. So you're talking about the distortions which we have to pay, i.e., we have to replenish inventories to the safety level.
Jacek Olczak: Okay, listen, we managed to maintain, if not actually we expect that we even can slightly grow the profitability on a net currency basis this year. So yes, it is ambitious. Obviously, there was a huge effort. You see how what we believe was Marlboro and how it nicely [indiscernible] OTP segment. So obviously, we're trying to manage and mitigate the impact of the crisis. Now until you see the improvement on unemployment side very much in the south of Europe because this right here is performance of the entire EU, and I hardly can see how the situations can improve. But we are currently in a crisis, I'm talking Philip Morris, and we'll manage the situations pretty well. So unless there are any shocking type of excise increases, which we don't see today at all, I think the situation is very challenging and we all know it, but I think it's manageable.
Jacek Olczak: Listen, already, EU should be today after the interservice consultation, okay? There was some delays before the departure of Mr. Dalli. I mean, we have learned about this new development, the sudden departure. Listen, we just hope that EU Commission will have a transparent evidence-based process while reviewing this directive, but at this stage, we do not know how the departure of Mr. Dalli will impact the timing of the strategic review. This is a development of the last couple of days.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. There are 3 elements which are the 3 key drivers behind the working capital development this year. One is the [indiscernible] inventory, right, and that is a variable which depends on the timing and the level of the tax price changes. So that will remain but I can't give you the marketing figures because this we don't know, frankly speaking. The 2 others is the inventory of leaf, level of inventory of leaf and inventory of clove. And here, the situation is a little bit different because we had a very high level of sales also driven by Japan last year, and now the inventory has to be adjusted, okay, because we finished the inventories in 2011 at a little bit lower level because we used that leaf in our cigarettes which we sold last year. We continue with the high volume this year, and you see that we're shooting still at a 1% organic volume growth target. So we'll continue [indiscernible] inventory, which is a good thing because I'm using this to support myself. Clove is a little bit different thing because there is a cyclical clove, and this year, I have a very high clove at a much more attractive prices than the previous year. So I have no choice, actually, we're going to be doing what everyone should do, we have to buy clove once it is in the big supply, at the right prices, okay? So clove presumably may ease a little bit next year, but the rest, we'll have to see.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. Erik, on the TPD, as I answered the previous question, I mean, it's hard to say today what the outcome in terms of the timing is going to be. We have not much of a visibility, what is in a draft directive. As I said, the interservice consultation should have already been at the end, and it has not started yet. So clearly, the idea of the proposal attracts the local attentions, and therefore, the draft proposal is not issued yet. So we have to just be patient and wait for this one. Moving to Philippines, yes, we had to think about the 2 points of the market share loss in the quarter in Philippines that's driven by the low price or bottom of the market. We had some pressure from, I think, one of the competitors. You know that there are some distortions due to the fact that some competitors are touching the prices, which is difficult to reconcile if somebody would pay the full excise. But I think there was a bit of a tax loophole or that sort of a nature problem. We have adjusted in some regions, I think, the price of Champion. So we're defending our position. But other than that, we're doing okay. I mean, Marlboro was up, Fortune was up. So I think that's the only problem which we have. With regards to the tax, I think the Senate just now or next week goes into recess. I don't think the Senate has yet issued or concluded with their bill, depends on how much the Senate will be different to the House of Representatives bill. They will have a bicameral conference committee when they will reconcile the differences. I think we'll wait until the end of November to have a tax visibility for Philippines.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. So we have, I think, a further market with the joint venture where we're testing the product. We're trying to understand what is the right way of marketing that product to drive down to consumers. The whole behavioral part of this, et cetera. I think it's a mid-, long-term project. So I wouldn't go into the specifics of each individual product. It's a step-by-step learning culture from all this category.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the fine cut growth, we said, by about 40% -- about the 40%. I think about half of the volume decline in Italy would be due to the price elasticity, and the half would be somehow almost equally distributed between the fine cut and illicit trade. We will have to zoom in into the geography in Italy because there was a lot of growth on the contraband in the south of Italy. The accounts now which last year had a contraband below 10%, and this year, they have 50%. I mean, obviously, I can throw you the names of Naples and Palermo. That is what is happening there. And also -- yes, but that's about, I think would be 1/3 of the first distribution of the losses, if you like, in income. About half is what we developed specifically, and the remaining cause in equal parts would be about illicit trade and the fine cut.
Jacek Olczak: I would have to go -- okay, this year, I think we had March EUR 0.10, EUR 0.10 per pack, and this last year, you had September EUR 0.20 and July EUR 0.10. So I think year-on-year basis [indiscernible] to finish at the end of this quarter, you had a 4% price increase on a year-to-date basis.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. It's a different stage of the market because Spain is longer in the crisis, but again, you have a growth over illicit trade, I think, comparable development and the growth of the fine cut.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, okay. I mean, I think the biggest slowdown is what I remediate in China. So for the time being, that impacts us directly. But you take -- and as you look into Indonesia, okay, there's a slowdown. I mean, they still expect the economy to grow 6%, 6.5%, highest, I think, consumer confidence, moderate inflation. So Indonesia, which is a big market for us, I don't think we have any sort of the headwinds there. Philippines, okay, we have this open tax issue, but other than that, I think the underlying economy is not doing that bad. As I said, I mean, I don't want to downplay what we read, but I think it's much more coming from China. And China, as I said, for the time being, does not have that much of an impact on us.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I'm -- I see the forecast today. As I said, the big large market for us, Philippines, Indonesia. Okay, Japan is a different story. But even in Japan this year, following the distortions, et cetera, we estimate about a [indiscernible] market. I think we should do okay. In Indonesia, we think the market is going to grow in the range 6% to 7%. I think earlier this year, we talked about the 8%. Actually, if I look at the composition of the mix in the market, because there is a lot of up-trading, I think the value of the market grows better with a 6% to 7% volume and growth assumption that was 8%, which we had previous. So not today. I mean, today, I don't think...
Jacek Olczak: Well, I don't think -- I wouldn't say that they're over-innovative. I mean, I think there is not that they have an innovation in terms of the benefit of offer to their smoker which is better than ours. I wouldn't say it like this. It is just the number of the launches which they did in the last 3 quarters, not on the quality, more on the quantity. I think -- listen, I'm not in the shoes of JT. I can't comment on this, and they will stop launching more products.
Jacek Olczak: No. I mean, we still have -- we've just launched this week, I believe, Virginia Slims, so we know we're moving through other brands where we have a pipeline. A pipeline of initiatives is also preferred. But I think each of these initiatives has to be launched properly into the market, and we need the time to work it with the consumer. [indiscernible] crucial period of time, in the long run, it is not Philip Morris [indiscernible].
Jacek Olczak: No, for this year, I think we estimate the market to be flat versus last year. So I think with our estimate, the market should close at about 195 billion, 196 billion units.
Jacek Olczak: No, because you had, as I said, I think there was this replenishment of inventories, which I quantified for us to be about 1 billion, and I think on the total market, the estimate would be in the range of 3 billion, the third quarter last year. So I think if you factor this in, you will come to the -- more of the normal situation.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. I think the impact on the shipment was, I said, coming from inventories, but we also have a very strong share growth in Russia, okay? And this is behind all brands, not at this stage by Marlboro. Now Marlboro, we have launched ClearTaste, I mean, the extensions of Marlboro family into the ClearTaste. But I think on Marlboro, maybe I should put it like this. Marlboro is, for us, a midterm journey. We have 3 issues which we have to continue addressing with regards to the Marlboro underperformance versus our standards in Russia, one is the premiumness of Marlboro, which we're trying to correct with pricing Marlboro higher than it used to be. So the last 2 price increases, Marlboro actually took a bit more of the price increase that was the increase in the market. Second thing is Marlboro has an issue of harsh perception, and this is what we're addressing as we speak with the launch of the Marlboro ClearTaste. And the third one is the more modernity side of Marlboro, and we continue this with our marketing programs in place. I think we're making good progress, but in order to claim that we have a sustainable growth of Marlboro in Russia, I think we need to be a little bit patient. And we are patient.
Jacek Olczak: Well, listen, I mean, every single government is getting focused or has the right focus now on the illicit trade. These guys were living with the consequences of, in some countries, high tax increases in the past and also the sudden erosion of the consumer purchasing power because all these austerity measures dented what the consumer has in their pocket. I think I said in the remarks, if I look in Germany, when we see the market's doing very well, I mean, quarter 3 was pretty strong and we're still looking for the full good year of total industry volumes in Germany, I think that's partially because the illicit trade comes back at least to some extent to the legal market. So I think what we confronted today in the south of Europe, one day, this volume, at least to some extent, will come back to the fast-paced volumes, to the industry volume. But as I said, I mean, unless you see the improvement on the unemployment side, I don't think we should be betting on any sudden improvement in Europe.
Jacek Olczak: No. Well, the only news which we had is that, I think, the government has already increased taxes on alcohol, cigarette and some other categories. So frankly speaking, I would expect announcement of a tax increase or tax change in Turkey somewhere before the year end or at the very beginning of the next year. You know that the government have received the authorization from the Parliament to amend this specific component. This will be first time historically when Turkey would have a statutory component, but we need still see the announcement of the government.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the market, I think, for the quarter was down about -- a little bit less than 5%, 4.5% [indiscernible] 6%. Year-to-date, I think the market is about 4.2% down. We now have the price increase of the EUR 0.40 for Marlboro went from a EUR 6.20 to EUR 6.60. But the low-priced cigarettes went from the EUR 5.70 to EUR 6. But somehow this psychological price point barrier is removed, but other prices are higher in the market. So I think Marlboro had more of the pressure being round about the EUR 6. This is somehow removed. But the whole prices are higher in the market, so we see how we deal with those. I feel about some austerity measures in France taking place and so on. So I think we need to see how that market realizes and what impact it will have.
Jacek Olczak: I think there were some distortions due to the Q3 2011 in Ukraine. So the market was looking, I think, 10% lower in Q3 this year, but I think it was very much driven by some distortions in the Q3 2011. I think on a year-to-date basis, presumably, I did a better number for Ukraine, 3.5%. And I think we estimate that the full year will be in a range of about 3%, full year total industry volumes.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the market, total market, I mean, this year, I think we estimate the full year total market will actually cost 100 billion units. I think we estimate like 101 billion units. So this would represent fairly close to the 3% growth of the market. I mean, there is a price increase we took in the market. Today, I mean, the elasticities will be in a range which you've seen are replacements. If you ask me the question, how we see that same towards the tax implementation, then I need to know what is the tax which final will be implemented there. So there's a little bit of a speculation at this stage. So I don't know if we're answering the question. This year, I think the market will grow in the range of up to 3%. This is our estimate.
Jacek Olczak: Because we're entering the fine cut, because consumers have preferences for usage of cigarette brand. I mean, there has been [indiscernible] very rapid share advancements in this category. The fine cut has a lower unit profitability than a cigarette, but it is also a [indiscernible] tax structure. The government -- some government are looking into restructuring of the tax and the fine cut, et cetera. So, I mean, it's an important element. It's becoming an important element not in terms of our profitability but overall [indiscernible] service which we're delivering to the customers. This is how we look at that thing. Part of this volume, I also think, will one day come back to the manufacture of cigarettes.
Jacek Olczak: I think we've had some pricing in Ukraine as well. So it's not just the Russia, which drives the -- Turkey, so it's not just Russia and EEMA which drives the price. And sustainability of the [indiscernible], yes, I think, as in general, we say that the pricing environment is manageable, favorable and we have seen how much we had a pricing variance year-to-date on a global basis, and I think that thing's going to continue.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think that this year's going to be the perfect testimony that this is achievable because we have a year when we predict the total industry volumes to go down by 6%. And despite even the difficult comps in Asia, we say that the PMI can deliver 1% organic volume growth target. I think the engine in EEMA and Asia are working at the full throttle. They can cover up for the challenging environment which we unfortunately have in Europe. I feel pretty okay about it.
Jacek Olczak: Well, as far as the government focus, and it's not just the Ministry of Finance, the Customs authorities, but there's, as I understand, a number of ministries and the state agencies which finally sat together and decided to do something about it. And to their credit, they did a phenomenal job. I think the situations or the tensions in the Turkey/Syria border also helping a little bit, okay? There was obviously more intensity of the border controls, et cetera, so that's other key driver. I think the government which seems to be committed to address the issue of the contraband on the Syria border.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the magnitude of this thing in terms if it stays as it's proposed by the government now, then next year, this will translate into the platform [indiscernible] platform of, I think, RUB 6. And thereafter about RUB 9. If you take the pricing in Russia, and you take the inflation, it is an increase, it is not a minor increase. As I said, I think, a substantial but manageable. But this is not a [indiscernible] increase.
Jacek Olczak: Well, this is a second year in a row when we have a 3-year tax visibility. So I think we did more government, not only Russia, going for that sort of an approach. I have Germany, I have other places where they want to see their 3, 4, 5 years tax outlook set that way, and that clearly demonstrates the results are a benefit for the government.
Jacek Olczak: No. Listen, our strategy is very clear on this one. We want to commercialize this product, but with a claim. So I need the regulatory approval to allow me to say what the product which we have, one of the 3 platforms which we're working on, can provide in terms of a benefit to a consumer. So we don't want to make a shortcut on this one. I launched the product which we have but without that being able to make the claim. I think that's very important.
Jacek Olczak: One I am afraid I can't share it with you. But, historically, if you look at since the spin -- since the spinoff, I mean, our pricing variance was in the range of $1.6 billion, $1.8 billion, and I think we don't see that much of a headwind. So pricing stays in target, and it will remain very important component of our growth model.
Jacek Olczak: No. We continue spending. Listen, we have a great growth volume and a share momentum last year, this year and also behind the Marlboro and of our premium Parliament, and I think it's very wise to continue that spending. So we're going to continue, even in tough environment like EU or other places.
Christopher Growe: Just had a couple of questions for you, if I could, and they're mostly just follow-ups. I want to ask you a quick follow-up on Japan which is, what's the underlying decline rate you expect for that market this year? If you said that, I missed that. I'm sorry.
Christopher Growe: Okay. And then I want to ask about Russia. There was a comment about some inventory movements this quarter. And then -- so just -- is there a way to quantify how much maybe that helped your shipments in the quarter? And then related to that, I know you've had a better share there. It's coming from brands other than Marlboro. And I know you have some new products behind Marlboro. So just curious if you could comment on that and just kind of the state of Marlboro in Russia.
Christopher Growe: Okay. I have one final question for you, and that's just, in relation to the EU region, it's going to be your third year of roughly 5% to 6% declines in volume. And I guess it's difficult to predict the state of Southern Europe and some of those countries. Looking ahead, whether it be 1 year -- or 1 to 3 years, is the -- obviously, the risk in those markets where you've had this increase in illicit trade, such that you could continue to see those kind of declines in the EU region overall. I guess my question is just related to the illicit trade, if that's becoming a -- obviously, a larger and larger issue in some of these markets.
