Jacek Olczak: It might just (inaudible) could give you some color. I mean, Asia, if I exclude Philippines, Asia margin for the quarter essentially would be flat so the Philippines is driving the margin performance in Asia in the quarter. Pricing wise, I mean, Indonesia is going as per planned, as you know we have a regular pretty often I should say as the price increases there. And as we said on the second quarter call around this time of the year, we should offset the pressure from offset the impact excise tax and clock prices.  So Indonesia now is in a positive territory when it comes to margin improved that should remain like this for the remaining fourth quarter. One thing which we have to remember which we don't have in Asia is that lack of pricing in Japan, right. So that is something which just appears from time to time. 
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean, pricing Indonesia remain strong for this and in the previous year, so despite the tax increases and also the price on the input cost, but I mean, I don't see today anything on a horizon which were to put that question mark on our ability to price in Indonesia. So pricing remains strong in Indonesia. What we know at this stage is that there will be local tax of 10% increase to the current rate under the question is our national government will like to put something on the top of that and (inaudible). I think at this stage, I think it's more of a speculation. I'm we'll know for sure what is the tax for Indonesia by the end of November, that is on a pricing in Indonesia.
Jacek Olczak: Hi (inaudible) there is more of these show really situated in Ukraine than in Russia. In Russia, we started of serving some incidents, I think of about 3% as of second quarter in Russia. I think it stays about the level that actually is better reason for Prime Minister being interviewed in which we think that might be the issue to looking to the tax rate, growth of the tax rate in the three year plan. For a time being, what we know is that the tax will be the specific component and a little bit of that will go up in January next year; this will create a pass on or for the pass on the (inaudible). And then if you follow the three year plan, the remaining three year the platform should be 5 and 8, so 5 in 2015 and 8 in 2016. So for me it might be pretty much a speculation today, but I think they are more refers to the tax increase in the last year of the three year plan and on the third year of the plan. We are also watching, I think it's a very welcome by art, I mean, Russian government started watching how their prices is compared to the surrounding conflicts, which we know also plays the factor in any incentive, if you like really sits straight. So now as long as a Russian government on alert and they try to think proactively, I mean we very much welcome this development.
Jacek Olczak: No. My spent behind the brands is, I mean, for the total year, my spent will be above the last year’s level. I mean, we -- I know that we have some comps -- various competitions this year, I mean, quarters-on-quarters, but over -- for the full year, we will actually invest more than the last year. And as you will see also from our brand portfolio perspective, I mean if the brands wouldn’t grow market share we would -- if they would be lacking any investment. So I think we are doing right job is the deployment in the commercial organization, the number of innovations which we are bringing behind the Marlboro and all other brands, I think that -- the brand portfolio in terms of the equity, the help of the brands I think might be a strongest year we ever had since the spin of how the portfolio performs. Now you mentioned the macros which we had, there are macros in a country. They are not macros on a global basis. So we need to start looking into this a little bit more selectively because, yes, there was a bit of acceleration in Russia for the wrong reasons. Yes, we have a big challenge in -- major challenge in Philippines, but we also have a markets frankly speaking where the total industrial volumes are growing and there is uptrading. So I would be very careful, how we talk about the thing, the macro does not necessarily mean global.
Jacek Olczak: Well, it is pretty challenging this year as many have noticed and we still have, in our guidance today, we said that we are going to deliver approximate 10% growth. So and we have the number. We had a number of challenges this year. Some of them may fade out, some of this may continue next year. I think, when I feel strong, when I feel confident is, the number of quarters which we demonstrated the dollar brands are very strong, including Marlboro despite the adverse microeconomic in some countries, especially European Union. Pricing power, I mean, you have seen our pricing power for the first three quarters of this year is $1.5 billion, I mean, that is very strong and that remains and I don’t see anything on the horizon, which could challenge this one. I think a tax structure is applying into our hand and frankly speaking, at this stage we are not aware, we don’t feel that there was any attempt to have a disruptive tax increase in the near future. So, there are a number of factors which plays into our hand. Total markets are priced driven by various factors in some geographies may continue through the 2014. I mean this we’ll have to see. I mean you notice that EU is getting sequentially better and better, but I don’t see under like data which would give me more opportunities. I am referring to unemployment, because employment is spread like pancakes since January this year, although the industry volumes development is encouraged. But, I think, I need another quarter or so, and then we will be more confident to say more firmly how do we expect our performance for ‘14 and beyond.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think on a global basis, where the elasticities are between minus 0.3 to minus 0.5. This is -- and in some countries you will see the higher elasticities but they are driven by the fact that the consumers disposable income is on the negative side, right. So in the real terms, our price increases may trigger the higher elasticity. I think Italy, Spain and a couple of the Southern European countries, they presume (inaudible) in a heightened elasticity levels just because there was an erosion on the disposable income. Indonesia, as you referred to, I don’t think we have the (inaudible) would be fairly in the range which I gave at the beginning.
Jacek Olczak: (Inaudible) have a different (inaudible) inflation and the food inflation and I think the food inflation impacts more in relative terms, some of the consumer growth, therefore, we see the volumes in the lower part of the market actually declining and the volumes in the premium segment going up to make the total market growing. I think you will have a different elasticity defined on the -- again on a disposable income of consumer. I think the underlying grade for Indonesia, the growth rate for Indonesia for the summer December in the range of … maybe about 2%. I mean this (inaudible) from the demographic and some positive GDP per capital -- develop.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. That’s true that there was an increase in sequential tax collection. But you know the vision in Philippines is not about the colleting more taxes, but collecting the right amount of taxes. If somebody is paying more, but they’re still under declaring, frankly speaking of a little hedge, so the same sort of a tax evasion or cheating or whatever is the appropriate word for the situation. Now there is a tax increase next year. I think partially also why we are now moving with the prices up is to (inaudible) in the lower prices at the bottom of the market and waiting for the government to take the actions there, the government was immune by the fact that I was paying the taxes on a lower price portfolio. One of my competitors was not paying. So I think partially as going with the prices, they’re bringing the government into the play because somebody is going to also suffer by not collecting the taxes. So we see how those (inaudible). I mean Philippines remains challenging. But situations might change in Philippines. The government is really decisive and its Law Enforcement Act, enforcement authorities are decisive. They can fix the problem in a month. But we have to wait for this month.
Jacek Olczak: No, I see the softening of my market share as the market shares decline. I think it would be an indicator for me that I am underinvested with regards to that support. My investment, marketing sales investment et cetera, I mean in cannot mitigate the impact of the total market decline especially that in some countries I am competing with illicit products. I mean that’s not a function of the marketing investment (inaudible). As I said with the earlier question, this year we’re going to spend more than last year (inaudible) in the quarters. But the market share advancement of all of our brands, most of our brands including Marlboro in a number of the geographies, I mean it’s the best testimony that we’re doing the right thing and we’re supporting the brands in the right way.
Jacek Olczak: Well, my total volume outlook for this year -- the total PMI’s volume outlook for this year is about in a range which we will have now for the nine months. So I think it is about 3%, ex-Philipines there is about our volume outlook. Pricing will continue as you’ll see quarter after quarter, we’re delivering strong pricing. There were some prices which were into some places, we’ll implement the pricing in the third quarter. So that will have a full benefit in the forth quarter plus as we said that the earlier -- at the Q2 call, we’ll have some better comps on the cost side. So I feel very confident that we will deliver the forth quarter. Although we’re fully aware that the fourth quarter growth rate will be significantly higher than what we had demonstrated in the third quarter. But this is all going as per plan as you remember I have started from the beginning of the year was that we’ll have a low start over the year and in the second part of the year, third and the forth quarter, this is where we expect to deliver the growth of this whole year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean, we -- you know about our plan, right that we said that we are working on three platforms and we’ve showed that we aim to 216, 217 for this whole commercialization. I think we stay on track with this one. I mean the directive -- what we’re missing in the directive is a little bit more time spend -- just later and trying to figure out what the frame work legislation should be for us meeting new product being e-cigarettes or others, new generation products that modified to risk tobacco product into the market. The lot of focus was to spend on some other elements which I don’t think addressing really public health council which directive was suppose to authorize that the whole novel product territories are not fully addressed. But, yes, I mean if a good development that the e-cigarettes will be in the tobacco product directive rather than under the farmer’s legislation, we will see. Also the other reasons I can’t talk where we would enter the market and how we could accelerate our entrance to the market, but we are very excited about this category working on our plan on -- we’re making a progress in accordance with the critical part delivering the clinical status. We are searching the consumers and organizing our -- building our capacity to be on time of -- everything goes okay maybe ahead of time with the products in the market.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. I may start with Italy. I may Italy -- yes it has had some improvements in the decline rate of the total industry volumes. I think what we have said also in Italy is a little bit of less of illicit product and I think it also partially might have contributed to the better results in the quarter. We will have to see what -- how that thing, how the lower incident of illicit product versus the beginning of the year, as you remember, I think they had spike to 11%. This lower illicit incidents, I don’t know how long it’s going to stay. So that may support the volumes. I mean as the VAT increase, I mean, it's an average sort of government trying to impose some extra taxes and are hoping for the better consumption. So that's a little bit not very welcome, but let's see how does it unfolds in Italy.  In Indonesia, I think there are some seasonality also behind the quarters and I think this is what drive us to believe that we will have a Indonesia will deliver on above the 2% for the full year and are little bit calls for the better or stronger volume performance in the fourth quarter of this year.
Jacek Olczak: We lowered prices, actually we start lowering the prices at the end of Q1. We were in full fledge in the Q2 and I think towards the end of the Q3, we started moving the prices up.
Jacek Olczak: They've banned some execution aspect of that campaign. But now considering you know that's available to our (inaudible) it's how we're going to go forward because we are pretty confident that we have not violated in local legislation. I don't think -- you know that the other forms of the market going to support to brand which we can continue delivering there because they are just questioning some aspect of that campaign. So I don't think we'll have a -- we should have any negative input of a suspension of this executional element of this company.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean, Germany is one of the few if not the only one country in the year which still allows you to bill board right, so they were questioning the bill board and so I think (inaudible) commercial in was with the other European countries the campaign is being delivered to consumers more for the one to one and other means. So no I don't think have any repercussion in the remaining European countries.
Jacek Olczak: We are seeing the same thing. I don't have the hard data, but the early information which we received from our obsolete in Australia indicates that there was about illicit traded about doubled versus what it used to be before the implementation of (inaudible) on illicit trade, but I'm not extremely surprised by this, because we taught that the play impact may facilitate the illicit trade and fortunately this is happening.
Jacek Olczak: Well, sorry the data will -- I think on the illicit trade will come out soon, once it's started out to confirm. I mean, this speculation -- I mean we've -- when it comes to our claim under the VAT, VAT in Hong Kong, I mean, that we are progressing there as per the calendar, but yes I mean, there is enough element which we have been raising with the government before the playing packaging is not addressing consumption frankly speaking, it will not get the total volume developments in Australia. You don't see any declines in total volumes as you have the appear of the, heightened appearance of illicit trade and I think also you might say that you see some acceleration in the down trading. This is all as we were saying this will be the impact of a playing packing. 
Jacek Olczak: Well, usually, I think, the first quarter in the Asia was the strong quarter, that is what I was referring that there is some seasonality impact et cetera which you have in Indonesia. So, therefore, yes, we expect the stronger quarter this year. As I said earlier, I don’t think that the growth rate of the industry in the third quarter is underlying growth rate of the industry, right. I think the underlying growth rate is a closer to 2%, about 2%]. So, yes, you will have the fluctuations between a quarter.
Jacek Olczak: Well, consumer are adjusting to that inflation pressures, I would just say earlier, I mean, you have a different rate, sorry, different impact by consumer income classes, okay. So if you have a second, I think it was second spike in a food inflation this year, one was at the beginning of the year, one was in the third quarter, well this has an impact on the consumption levels in the lower price classes, presumably more on the daily consumptions of smoking incidence, but this is what we have serve. So there will be adjustments in this -- in the consumer pattern. So that’s of -- that is on the volume side, this will happen.
Jacek Olczak: The role in Japan that if you want to change the prices, you have to seek the approval of the Minister of Finance, so that’s going to stay, also some Prime Minister and others have publicly, I think, before when the discussion was about the sales tax that talking about the fact that it wouldn’t like necessary to spike inflations while having the sales tax increase. So we will have to see. We have not filed for the tax -- for the, excuse me, for the price registration in Japan and there is still a time before the sales tax is implemented.
Jacek Olczak: I was referring to the growth rate of the EPS ex-currency in the fourth quarter over fourth quarter.
Jacek Olczak: I’d said we are very closely watching the developments in the category. I think between the reasons why we said earlier that we’re working on the three platforms and one of the platform is essentially in the territory of e-cigarette, is that we believe there will be a reason there will be a market for all three platforms. Now the question still remains and if you look at the performance of e-cigarette category, a lot of attention is more on the marketing side side and to our knowledge, that the tension is on the product side. I think what is extremely important is in our (inaudible) strategy is to get to the product right. So I don’t think -- I’ve said it on a number of occasions, it’s not that you need to be first to the market, you need to go to the market with the right product.
Jacek Olczak: The difference between our shipments to the distributor versus what is happening in the market, so the companies would (inaudible) these issues. Now if you look at the total market size in Russia maybe to give you a more color on this one, I mean the market was down about 7.9% if I remember correctly, for the quarter. If you look at the composition of the decline about, up to 17% of the decline came from the low price segment, but the value went about -- the value (inaudible) in a premium segment, they declined by a little bit by less than 3.5%. That’s 3.3%. So you could see that, the (inaudible) segments in Russia are doing relatively well. This price impacted the (inaudible) price increases and the lower segments have the more ease under more pressure. But again I think it has been the same explanation to the use for Indonesia. I mean a different consumer growth that impacted differently by the price increases.
Jacek Olczak: (Inaudible) we have decided our pricing strategy and I think it wouldn’t be appropriate for me to comment further on this at this time.
Jacek Olczak: No, actually I mentioned earlier (inaudible) referring also to some incidents, higher incidents of illicit product, tobacco illicit products and I think alcohol and that the government is considering now the option how to tackle the problem at the early stages is very welcomed. I wish many other governments would act so promptly when the problem is small rather than let the problem to grow to the almost, in some places difficult to manage the levels. Ukraine is a little bit of a different story. Ukraine is also the story of the counterfeit products, not only illicit product. So every country has its own sort of the background in that. Turkey, sequential there was a slight improvement. We know from the part of the Turkish government, was highly very decisive and acted very promptly to address the issue which they can repeat more of the same. So let’s wait.
Jacek Olczak: Yeah. Yeah. I mean we see the profitability in Russia being very strong year-on-year as we demonstrated in this quarter. In terms of the countries or the market reach, we referring now at the guidance. I think, yeah, it’s Philippines which is on the list. In the Japan share of market since we had, okay, sequentially, we’re still seeing stabilization in Japan, but yeah we lost that one share point, one full share point on a quarter. The Indonesia total market is softer in terms of the growth rate that we initially thought for the full year, so we’ll have to acknowledge that one. That’s about it. I think the main drivers.
Jacek Olczak: Frankly speaking, it is not much that we cover more news on the regulatory front because, yes, I mean, the TPD, the regulatory developments which we’ll have to wait, there’s still a few months until we see what is the final conclusion on this one. And yes, I mean here and there you might have some regulatory initiatives but nothing actually on the horizon which would not allow me to sleep at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: Well, our New York office is a non-smoking office. This is for the convention of cigarettes. I know myself that presumably you will see me on number of occasions and I’m smoking my NGP. I think we would have to -- it's much more to that element of how disturbing you’re actually for others around you. It’s more of the matter of a heart disease than defining in the policy.
