Jacek Olczak: Well, taking into consideration, you remember in February we said that we had about 75% of the pricing already implemented or announced for the year, which was pretty high compared to other first quarters in the years before. I think it was rather expected that usually after the price increases, there is this initial sort of dip in the market, and then the markets are coming to some sort of recovery. So, this was not unexpected, but you also remember, I mean, in the first quarter for PMI in total, but also specifically for EU, first quarter of 2012 was a pretty strong quarter. We've been almost growing at the 6% PMI, and EU had just a decline of 1.5% in the first quarter of 2012. So, no, I don't think we had any surprise in the performance in the first quarter.
Jacek Olczak: No. I mean, we are very confident about the guidance. As you noticed, we are revising the guidance -- the February guidance only for the currency. So, I think the business fundamentals are very strong. The brand’s portfolio performance, essentially all of our main markets are pretty solid. We had some distortions in the quarter, which I have been mentioning in my remarks. The only thing, which I would like to add is that, I mean, we clearly are looking in the second half of the year to be somehow stronger than the first half of the year. For a number of reasons, we have in our annualization of some increased spending behind mainly marketing and sales from the last year, which is going to have an impact on us , especially in the first half of the year. There are still some inventory distortions which will continue through the second quarter of this year, but all in all, I mean we feel pretty confident about the guidance. I mean, all the risks, which we knew are there, I mean EU volumes, EU pressure on the volume, also Philippines, the initial impact are included or baked in our guidance. And as I said, I mean, we are pretty confident on a 10% to 12% growth for this year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I will maybe start with the second part of your question. I think we are still at this stage despite the 10% decline of the reported volumes in EU for the first quarter. We still think, broadly the rate of decline for the full year will be in a range of that which we had last year, so 6.3%, if I remember correct. The underlying volume decline in the EU Region for the first quarter, we estimate will come in the range of 8% if I eliminate some distortions which were in the quarter. Italy is essentially the only market or the main market, which we will have on the watch list in EU as we still don’t have a clarity what's going to happen with the announced VAT increase. If we follow the politicians' announcement, no one regardless of the party they belong to, would like to have the VAT increase. However, in order for that wish to materialize, they have to form the government, and they have to change some legislation. So, we will have to watch how the situation unfolds in Italy. But I think with the exception of the VAT increase in Italy, I think that EU still can be broadly with the rate of decline that’s comparable to last year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, it is very much dependent, again, on the total volume development in the EU. If news from Italy is positive, I think we can maintain all the profitability. If Italy talks will happen, then it depends on the pricing [attractions] (ph), that might have some impact on the profitability in the EU. But assuming my forecast, our estimate for the total EU volumes to be broadly in line of the rate of decline of the last year would hold, I think we can maintain the profitability.
Jacek Olczak: No. whatsoever. I mean, we had that pricing in quite a number of markets at the very beginning of January or towards the end of the last year. So, on the pricing side, I haven’t observed anything. No, I don’t think there is any risk of that nature.
Jacek Olczak: I think there was that problem, historically. You are absolutely right. Historically, we had some problems with some non-duty paid domestic product. However, that thing essentially exploded since new tax kicked in and we increased the prices. As I said, if we look at the consumption trends, I mean our estimate of the consumption trend in the Philippines at the moment as we speak, so this is still relatively early after the new prices hit the market. I would argue that the consumption decline is in the lower range of 20% to 25% decline which we foresee for the market for the full-year. The smoking incidents stays relatively flat at 50%, actually flat at 50%. As we do observe some decline in the daily consumption, you know the daily consumption market is very much driven by stick purchases, about 70% of the volume goes on the stick purchase, and we see the daily consumption drop from 13 to 12 sticks per day. So, you add these numbers together, you are actually in the lower range of 20% to 25% decline. We see our shipments volume and the industry volumes as estimated by the Bureau of Internal Revenues and we have a huge gap to reconcile.
Jacek Olczak: I think the developments on the finished goods, receivables and the tax payables, excise tax payables connected with corresponding volumes, build up inventories, they actually improved. We had one-off items you like, which was the timing of the payment of the withholding stocks on the profit which were to the U.S., which happen to take place in the first quarter of this year. If I take that that item out actually my free cash flow would be up, so we're still confident that the free cash flow for the full year can grow actually at the higher rate than our revenues.
Jacek Olczak: I think it is mostly driven by Indonesia, the cost pressure the closed prices the raw material which we are using very manufacturing significantly increased over the last period, so we had the pressure of that and pricing in Indonesia has a tendency to be build over the year rather than just at the beginning of the year, so usually we had a slower start. I mean, you have a cost pressure coming from Indonesia and at the beginning we cannot offset it fully by the price and I think this should disappear during the year and actually Asia should be able to improve the margins for the full-year.
Jacek Olczak: Difficult for me to comment how JT's allocating their resources, but clearly the marketing promotional spend both, in terms of the new product introductions and the promotional support of existing products in the market from JT in first quarter was massive. And to that extent, yes, we lost some share on the Lark and Philip Morris. However on a positive note, I haven't seen the Marlboro losing adult in a share. So, frankly speaking, I would read it as a positive on Marlboro that despite is a very high spend from a JT remain the market share of Marlboro, but I have to admit that Lark and put into lark and Philip Morris yet they contributed to summarize in the overall share. We have launched two Lark brands towards the end of the quarter, so we don't see them in the quarter to innovative custom product behind the Lark and we also announced launch of the new Marlboro, highly innovative the first two capsule product, which will hit the market somewhere May-June. Our ambition is still to grow the share in Japan, but as I said, we are confronted with the most expense from the JT.
Jacek Olczak: Okay, in Australia, we are roughly four months since the introduction of plain packaging. At this early stage, the Australian market has not yet shown any significant changes in consumer purchasing behavior. The volumes in the quarter were stable and this compared actually, with the 4% decline which tool place in the first quarter of last year. This stable volume, I believe, reflect the impact of disruptions in connection with the transition to the plain packaging last December, and there were some evidence with deflation, et cetera when manufacturers had to replace the old parts with the new parts. Frankly speaking, based on the first quarter data, it would appear that consumer down trading might have accelerated slightly but this trend, however, has been a part of the Australian market for several years where the consumers are showing a bit more sensitivity to the rate of tax and the price increases. As you remember, in February this year, there was a price increase, I think, of around 4% in the market. So if take all of these things together, in short, I think at this moment, the impact of plain packaging itself is not yet evident in the market.
Jacek Olczak: No, frankly speaking, I don’t see that much of a pressure on the down trading. It will have to take the EU out of the equation although as you have noticed, (inaudible) continues quarter-on-quarter growth in the EU, even in Germany, recently. We see that the there the actually the premium segment is slightly growing. It is a phenomenon which we have not seen for a long time. Outside EU, there are different forms of up trading. You see the premium segment growing in a number of markets. Indonesia, Turkey, Vietnam, big or small market. Russia, more up trading is happening from the low price segment to the new price segment. I think the premium segment in Russia is flat as we more or less have seen it over the year. So, no, I don’t think it is that that much of the risks to us and worries which will come from the down trading. As you have seen in the Marlboro and Parliament, I should mention, they are growing across all geographies.
Jacek Olczak: Japan, still is a market where there is sort of price control in to light. This would require the consent of Ministry of Finance and as you know, we are not the market leader on this market. So not necessarily we are calling the shot there. So there also we have to see whatever the tax announcement of the tax, the sale price increases at the beginning of the next year will happen because we also hear some news that maybe government want to change the policy. Nothing concrete but we will have to see that unfolds.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we are progressing as per planned. With the clinical, the regulator engagement, and also with being ready to finally start building our manufacturing capability. As you remember we have a three platforms of NGPs which we are working on potentially simultaneously. I believe all of them altogether should address all consumers' needs which are in the market.  Our fundamentals of common denominator, behind the [platforms] is we are not going for the selective reduction of a small constituent, we just want to bring the level the old constituents down, so we focus on the reduction of changing the process from the combustions for heating etcetera, so that is our approach and we feel pretty confident about it.
Jacek Olczak: Potentially the of North Africa, so Egypt, other locations as well. We are also benefiting from some disruptions, which we had on our supply chain, especially at the beginning of the last year. As you remember, there were some disturbances connected with springs affects us, but once we brought the stability to our supply chain, our brands are in a full distribution, I mean they clearly reaping benefits of this. I think in Latin America, price increase which we taken in Brazil. I think there was pricing in the Mexico at the beginning of the year, pricing in Argentina. I think in the first quarter, I think all together this contributes to the stronger pricing contribution coming from this and also the volumes as I mentioned North Africa especially.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think, it's positive from Japan and positive in Russia and there's essentially two places where we had positive. I think still the negatives would offset this so that had a drag on quarter rather than a benefit, if you like, in a quarter.
Jacek Olczak: For obvious reasons, I cannot comment about the future pricing, but yes I mean as the quarter indicates indicate that the pricing is strong and is obviously supported also by the pretty pragmatic if I [say] so tax regimes. I mean, again excluding the Philippines, which we discuss separately. So, you know it's a good pricing environment and that would have a stronger pricing volume.
Jacek Olczak: Well, as we said, unfortunate thing about the Philippines Stock Exchange is the magnitude of the change in a short period of time, the magnitude of an increase. However, immigration of the reductions to [TOs] on a full specific system they do support it, the narrow the price gaps narrow. So, clearly Marlboro going forward should benefit from closer of the gaps in a relative terms. When it comes to the lower price competition, I think we have to remember about one thing. Philippines is a big pricing market, okay? So, dollars can cut the prices on their own in the outlet. There are about 1 million outlets in Philippines out of which we have about a quarter, roughly about a quarter, so what our self have to go and manage the right the right price per stick, which is important in that market and price per pack and bring the price down to the recommended level. That’s clearly something which we are doing in the first quarter. I think its going to continue very heavily in the second quarter. That obviously requires some extra spending. But, I think, once we bring the prices to the recommended level, we should be in a good situation. I also should mention that the sequential evolution in the volumes, if anything, when we started the year, I think the first week of the year, our shipments were down by about 50%, very quickly will move to the 40%, then the 30% decline. Actually, if I look at, essentially the last few days, we almost had a 20% something decline. So we know that the total market goes in the right direction which I have to manage the price and address or help the government or hope that the government will improve the tax collection from all market participants.
Jacek Olczak: Okay, investment in Russia is behind Marlboro but also behind the Parliament, L&M and a number of other brands. We, in general, still think the much stronger, much robust infrastructure, sales, marketing infrastructure, as much as the Marlboro in which we are investing. Obviously, Marlboro is our focus, as you know, it’s the only brand which internally we have a much higher expectation for the performance. There is a significant price increase. So I will have to wait a little bit how the prices, or how the situation tabulate in the market. I would argue that Marlboro, essentially, for the last few quarters in Russia is flat. We obviously shoot higher. But for the time being, it is flat. Marlboro, over the past two years, took RUB 5 higher price increases than the rest of the market, because in the meantime we are trying to reposition the Marlboro really to the premium segment. So if I take all the large price increases in Russia and Marlboro adding on the top of this RUB 5, and I had a brand stable for the last few quarters, I think it is actually a good thing about the rest. However, we still have to wait until the Marlboro markets is going to grow.
Jacek Olczak: Well, as you remember, last year, we grew the share hold by almost by three point. With this quarter, we open with almost 1.5 point share advancement. Obviously our share continues to grow. A have to admit that the last year, our share growth was somehow supported by the more attractive price points for a number of our key brand. Some of this, as we take in continuously the pricing and increasing the pricing in Indonesia, some of this attractive price point, we are going to lose. But we are still looking into the share growth in Indonesian. We are launching our product. We are expanding our product as well. So I don’t its any sort of track that you will be able to see at this stage coming from, frankly speaking, in a competitive right now.
Jacek Olczak: Okay, I think the reason why I said that we think second half of this year to be stronger than the first half, there are a few reasons. One is, we have a new annualization. We have  annualization of the increased spending we started already in the first half of 2012. This was mainly Russia, but also some Asian market. It's also in the timing of our launches which we had the in first half of the last year versus the first half of this year. Secondly, as I mentioned that we have to increase our spending in Philippines towards the end of the first quarter and I think is going to continued through the second quarter towards the situation which we have with compliance with the recommended prices at the retail level and also to address some competitive pressures there. Also, if you remember we already in February that the three-quarters of 75% of our pricing was already been pretty heavily year. So, yes I mean some of these volumes will have to recover and that recovery in some places may continue through the Q2. Then obviously is also the shipment patterns which were having some market with some distortions may continue, will continue actually for the Q2. So, as I said we expect the second half to be stronger than the first half of this year.
Jacek Olczak: This is a process. Okay? It's going to take time. I mentioned Turkey in my remarks is one of the markets where despite the prices increases etcetera, tax increase and the price increases, government doing a lot of right things on illicit trade, and we see that through volume coming to the industry. I mean despite the tax and the price increase in Turkey we still think that the volumes for the full year helped by the recovery of illicit trade is going to be flat, so we can see that. I think also that recently I think this week in EU is going to be another serious wakeup call to the number of the states in EU, because letting the contraband growing from a 10-plus percent last year to 11-plus percent this year in the middle of this crisis, I mean it doesn't necessarily tells the good thing about the number of the law enforcement authorities in the many of the EU countries, but this is going to take time. I admit it. We are working with Interpol, we are working on tightening the supply chain. There is cooperation among the industry members, the legitimate industry members, but more has to be done.
Jacek Olczak: Well, first of all there is a number of the brand support activities, which were deploying behind Marlboro, okay? The whole commercial organization, commercial approach which we have already announced at the time on Investors Day last year here, and we start yielding results. Second, in most of the countries the tax regimes are actually more and more supporting or not allowing for the too much of the down trading. I mean the price gaps despite the fact that they are price increases tends to narrow, so you know they have the minimum taxes, very high minimum taxes, or just the specific structure. I think this all together has clearly brand like Marlboro, but I think Marlboro quarter-after-quarter in terms of a EEMA's equity etcetera is getting into better and better shape.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I still think that we can make a share advancement in Japan. I mean, the quarterly 27.5%. I mean, that's not what we would expect, so I think the. There are still three quarters to go. We have a pipeline of our products and the programs there in place, but as I said earlier, answering one of the previous questions, there is a massive support from JT behind the Mevius in terms of the product promotion. The other manufacturers are already pretty active with launching their product. It's a competitive environment. I look at this also positively that despite that there is a massive spending and activity coming from a competition or competitor, Marlboro actually is extremely resilient. I mean, that said, that's very important for us. We will have to address the situations with Lark, Philip Morris going forward.
Jacek Olczak: Well, not much strategies on the U.K. actually because the government still have not revealed what is the conclusion of the public consultation in pack assessment, et cetera. So we are waiting for the decision of the government in which directions they really want to go. At the same time as you know there is still a tobacco product directive which is in the making, There are still pretty important steps to go over the tobacco product directive. We will then have a much better visibility, really how many markets are key and if you like I am willing to introduce the plain packaging in many markets over there. As you know the plain packaging in European Union also at the member states level has the number of legal challenges for its implementation. So we will have to see. And as I said, so far it's early, but so far especially on the smoking, on consumption of cigarette in Australia, you don't really see, as expected, frankly speaking, any impact coming from the plain packaging, despite what was promised at the beginning. So as evidenced, I have got the feeling its not being built in Australia. I mean there is still no evidence.
Jacek Olczak: I think that France is still, towards the end of the last year we had a price increase in France. So market is still in the recovery. Although I have to admit that macros in the France are not the most encouraging, right. The employment, the GDP, et cetera are not necessarily going in the right direction. Spain also had the beginning of the year price increase, but early in January. I think there was a $0.15 price increase in Spain. So we will have to wait presumably a few months to see how the situation develops there. But as I said this is all both France and Spain as we see today are all in my forecast or estimate of the total market decline for the EU to be broadly in a range of last year. Italy, I will repeat it as well, I mean it’s the only country. The main country which I have on the watch list with regards to the VAT development.
Jacek Olczak: I think it would be mainly in Asia and mainly still in Japan. I think the last quarter when we rebuild our inventories to the safety level what we require to what we regard as a safety level for the Japanese markets to place in the Q2, if you remember properly of last year. So clearly I will be missing this one this year.
