André Calantzopoulos: Okay. The reason, first of all, we increased the range, as I explained, is because there is obviously a bit more volatility as regarding the IQOS HeatSticks sales, but also our capacity. And that explains, more or less, the vast majority of the variability, I would say, okay. Clearly, IQOS is going to play a big role in our revenue growth next year and here, I would like to give some clarification for all the people on the call and broadly to understand. There is always in the revenues coming from – a part of the revenues coming from IQOS is due to the device sales. And as I said, this initial commercialization phase, the bottom line contribution of device sales is negative. And if we take 2016 as a proxy, if you look at total IQOS revenues, 22% of those revenues were linked to device sales. And just to give you another rule of thumb, for your own projections, if we look forward, and I would think that will work for the first year or two, obviously, of IQOS sales, if we have rapid expansion, you should count for every incremental billion sales of HeatSticks, roughly 300,000 to 350,000 sales of devices of IQOS, which have a negative margin. So, we cannot apply our current operating profit margins to the devices. That's all I want all of you to understand, okay. Having said that, clearly, IQOS will be an increasingly important contributor to our revenue growth. And also, we have to take into consideration there will be much more substantial cannibalization. As I said, 32% of the people switching into IQOS in Japan come from our own brand, and if we take European Union countries, we'll be north of 40%. That's why we said, as we approach this as one company and one business, we'll be reporting combined volumes, because it will be very difficult over time to split the two and calculate cannibalization rate. So overall, I think we have a very strong guidance for the year. That's really clear. And I'm very happy with – I don't know if I answered your question entirely or not.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, first of all, it's a very good thing that other companies launched heat-not-burn and, in general, Reduced-Risk Products. Because I said many times, once you convince people to move out of cigarettes, then clearly, in my view, the better products in the new category will eventually succeed and prevail. It's very early days and, obviously, as in any test market, you also have some sales going – not staying in the city, but going somewhere else. But the results are fairly good. Now, this has not impacted at all the IQOS share, that continued to grow during the period, which to your point, outlines that there is a lot of demand for this new category in Japan. And that's very encouraging for all of us.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. The first thing is we need to differentiate whether in these markets we do city productions or national launches, okay, because that absorbs capacity (31:17) resources. Now, as an overall picture for this year, clearly, there is substantial incremental investment in commercial expenses behind IQOS. Despite the fact that in the relevant markets, we have also reallocated resources from our existing business to IQOS because everybody will be doing IQOS for a national launch. So, overall, I think this is all in the guidance, bearing in mind that, you know, if we see more traction and we have the capacity, we may put even more resources behind during the year in terms of field forces and other commercial activities. And if we have capacity constraints, we may postpone some launches, and we all need to live with this variability because it's very difficult for me to predict precisely how this is going to unfold. But overall, the trend is extremely positive, and that's what is reflected in the guidance.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, there were a couple of price increases that came a bit earlier. In the Philippines we increased, if I recall correctly, in October. We came in the quarter. And in Turkey, the government adjusted the minimum excise-specific tax, effective January 1, we took the pricing a bit ahead of that. So, all these prices appear in the quarter clearly. There is nothing exceptional, it's in the normal course of things, okay. I think the pricing was more or less the same across segments in absolute terms in the majority of the market. So, there's no any particular opening of (35:50) that I can think about, and we have not seen elasticities changing. However, the only thing we need to observe now is Turkey, because in Turkey, if you take the beginning of 2016 to the end, we took TRY 3 per pack price increase, which is around 30% plus average and Turkey grew also because of the reduction of the contraband volume last year especially in the half of the year. So, we can expect a little bit of weaknesses, I would assume, given that magnitude of price increases. And I think we will recover as the year unfolds, that's at second half, but we will see softness in the first part of the year. But that's all I can say about this whole thing.
André Calantzopoulos: This year, okay, and we still have significant capacity constraints in the third quarter, if you remember.
André Calantzopoulos: And then we have a very aggressive capacity build-up plan. And clearly, the whole volume is going to be skewed towards the second half of the year. This is also the reason that the first quarter is going to be probably the weakest in the year because we don't have the capacity but many European markets, for example, and others, are making all the investments ahead of the deployment in the first quarter and second quarter. So, that's how I see it unfolding during the year. And these are substantial incremental investments I can't quantify, but they're very substantial. The increment is much higher than this year. Okay.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, I can comment generally, and I also have direct contacts with a number of people. I think there is a positive momentum building, okay, and I must say faster than I personally anticipated. Now, as you know very well, there are still people that have not embraced the principle of harm reduction of the product and that will continue requiring a significant amount of work going forward. But I believe the trend is very positive and I'm very happy with the progress we're making. Okay. I'm not saying there will be no hurdles. I'm not saying there is not going to be difficulties. But I think the way we are received and the science is received is positive, very positive.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. On your first question, okay, first of all, the allocation – the reallocation is done on the relevant market. We are not reducing resources in a market where we don't plan to launch RRPs and put them behind the RRPs. And the explanation is the allocation is based on the fact that, as I said in Investors Day, we try to get as fast as possible to the 2% or 3% market share that we believe is the tipping point to go from linear (40:48) expansion to exponential growth of IQOS because then, the consumers or the adopters of IQOS become the ambassadors of the product and the brand. So, it's market-specific and the amount of reallocation you do is also based on the competitive environment, the consumer dynamics and so on and so forth. So, there is no rule of thumb. And I don't remember exactly how much money we reallocated in Japan, but there has been a significant shift of things that are very measurable like your direct marketing budget. But also that's where it becomes a little bit more difficult, it's how really the time of a field force that exists is allocated between the two categories. Okay. In many markets, as I said, you need incremental ground forces during the initial period well and above the field forces we have. Because we've seen very clearly that the more people you put on the ground, the faster the reaction, as we see in Italy now, as we see in Switzerland now, more resources. In Italy, we've doubled the market share in just 10 weeks because now we have the resources on the ground. So, that's the rule of thumb. Now, as of the overall costs, clearly in 2017, we will be above our 1% to 3% more or less target because of all these deployments. Okay. So, the cost – but they're all in the guidance, by the way.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. As you know, the FDA gave a guidance that they would – may take X-days, but I mean that may take more time. What we believe is more within the 2017 realm, is the product authorization for the U.S. market without claims, okay. And we will submit that application, the PMTA application, in the first quarter this year, okay. Now, irrespective of the approval in the U.S. – the FDA approval obviously helps the credibility internationally, but it doesn't apply to Japan, okay.
André Calantzopoulos: In Japan and other markets, our claim structure, as we said, follows the local legislation, but also the conclusion of our own science. So, what we communicate to the consumers is driven by local laws and our own science. And the FDA cannot be applied to these places. But, obviously, it will add credibility to their entire scientific dossier, and that's why it is important to us.
André Calantzopoulos: For the moment, we assume that EU will go to its secular 2% to 3% decline rate this year. Okay, last year, we assumed the same, we had a positive surprise. But logically, it should go there, because we don't have the one-offs of immigration and so on. And, yes, the employment is getting better in Europe. The outlook in GDP growth is moderately better. But when you look at the whole thing, I have to assume, at this stage, 2% to 3% decline, okay, that's what we're working with. Now, just for you (48:55) on this quarter comparison, don't forget that in European Union countries, we have the implementation of the Tobacco Product Directive. And there are cutoff days for certain products, for 10s, for 20s, for 19s (49:07), so it has been a little bit of a rocky thing with trade loadings and unloadings, which should ease now as we move into this year, okay. So, yes, there will be some unfavorable comparisons at the beginning of the year, but that's how I see EU. We'll see as the year unfolds.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, our major competitor increased prices but they are implementing also some discounting schemes, so we still need to see the prices flowing through to the market, okay?. Plus, as you know, there are still a lot of non-tax-paid volumes and fake stamps on the market. But I'm very encouraged that the government seems to start moving in this direction but still we need to see it happening. Now, we increased the price of Marlboro and the per-stick price is theoretically PHP 3.50. In some places, it went up to PHP 4. We have to assume there will be some impact on Marlboro initially but, so far, it looks better than what we anticipate. So, I think the up-trading may stop for a while at the beginning, but it will continue over time because still, the price gaps are very attractive. Okay. The big problem in the Philippines that we had in 2016, in terms of low-end of the market volumes, will continue. Because with the implementation of our price increase, per-stick prices still went up at the bottom end and these are pretty substantial increases for low-income consumers. The good news is we don't see smoking incidence decrease, but we see a decrease in sticks per day, which means that once we get up stability now that we got the excise tax kind of convergence of the tiers done, I hope that over time, probably towards the end of this year, we'll start seeing some stability, and then daily consumption will start coming up to the previous level. But we have to assume conservatively, at least for the Philippines, the trend is not going to change in terms of volume for the year.
André Calantzopoulos: Yes. But we start the year with 15 billion installed capacity which, if everything goes right, that gives you, mathematically, the equivalent of 1.2 billion per month, okay. And we'll ramp up the capacity to 50 billion at the year-end, but the average for the year is something around 32 billion given all these machines that are being installed assuming the plan goes into perfection. So, that's basically a variable. So, we'll have some constraints still in the first quarter, obviously. And we'll start getting more capacity as we move on, and we'll have the max capacity, obviously, in the fourth quarter of the year. And that will dictate, obviously, the pace of sales as well.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. So, yes, I think Korea has very good potential given the characteristics of consumers and the market and, eventually, we'll be in this markets. But you appreciate I can't say exactly when.
André Calantzopoulos: It's more of the cloves (54:12) than leaf – the leaf as well. I think we are able to amortize these shocks now because we have sufficient inventory. It's a bit tighter on the leaf, a bit better on the cloves (54:24), which...
André Calantzopoulos: It's mostly full price. In many markets you can't even discount the HeatSticks. It's illegal by legislation. So, it's mostly discounts.
André Calantzopoulos: It's the devices and that's why I caution everybody not to take this to the bottom line straight at the same margin as the rest because it's negative. But it pays off very quickly. It's pretty obvious. I mean, it...
André Calantzopoulos: Look, I cannot comment on pricing. You appreciate that. The only thing I can tell you is in France, given the structure of the excise tax that is all ad valorem essentially, it's not a big deal because the trade-off between volume and pricing is very often neutral. And that's the only comment I can make at least temporarily.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. I mean, Russia ended up with a higher inventory, but it was a pretty normal reaction to the price rollouts into the market. So, usually you hike a little bit the inventory, and I think some of this is going to unwind during the year. And the second thing on Japan is the more – look, we have a little bit, to be frank, and to link back to what André said, I mean IQOS volumes versus the combustible volumes in Japan is a little bit harder for us to predict. So, we might have some temporary disallocations of inventories to the sales there. I think we're going to correct that. But on the other hand, we ended up, frankly speaking, with almost no inventories for the IQOS combustibles – sorry, for the IQOS RRPs. So, I think you will see these corrections going forward into 2017.
Jacek Olczak: You have mentioned all variables which are being discussed between the President Trump and the Republicans. We will have to see how this is going to reconcile. I think we'll be preemptive at this stage to give any more sound estimate. I mean, clearly – I mean a tax reform should allow – what we hear from the U.S. – I mean, it should allow for the different repatriation pattern to U.S. But we'll have to see what's going to happen. If you go to the note, I guess, 11 in our filings, I mean, you'll see we always break down how much tax we pay on a foreign basis – I mean how much the profit taxes we pay before repatriations to U.S. And the rate – the blended rate would be somewhere in the range 22%, 22.5%, that's the foreign taxes which we pay on our earnings, which we generate outside U.S. And then, obviously, to our effective tax rate, which you have today, you have to add the different various cost of the repatriations of this earnings to U.S. and, obviously, the top-up to the 35% statutory in the U.S. But whatever happens – I mean, we will not be able, with the current tax regimes staying as they are today, to go to the tax rate lower than this 22%, 22.5%. Okay. This is as the rule of thumb I would use.
Jacek Olczak: Chris, we have said – it's Jacek here, we have said that we look to grow the revenues above the 6% or the upper-end of the current (42:45) and clearly still we're lifting EPS. So, you could see that we are not diluting the margins. I think we should look for the year when we will have a small but still the margin expansion operating profit margin expansion, not to the tune which we had in 2016. André mentioned that there is a device sales in this revenue and, for a time being, they yield a negative margin. So, that's obviously dilutive. But the HeatSticks, and still the performance of the combustibles were both (43:18) 6% pricing. I mean, that should allow us for some margin expansion, say 10, 20 basis points, and we will see how the year unfolds.
Jacek Olczak: It's the net realization. Discounts go into consumers and the trade will be deducted from obviously from the revenues. You have on a net basis net after allowances.
Jacek Olczak: It depends by the market. There are different schemes. Devices, they were all sold at the promotional price, on a discount. And the HeatSticks, you will have to go market by market, and the different stages, they might run different schemes. Usually, market at the beginning will have some small discount on the HeatSticks and then depends on the market situation, I mean, at the full price of cigarette price (55:43)...
Bonnie L. Herzog: I guess my first question is on pricing, which was very strong during the quarter. So, I'm curious what you learned from consumer behavior by taking this much pricing, and then what your elasticity was, and then with pricing consistent across your different brands. In other words, I guess I'm trying to understand if you were able to maintain the same level of price gaps within your portfolio.
Bonnie L. Herzog: Okay. And then I wanted to go back to something on your guidance that you mentioned, I just wanted to be clear. So, your guidance assumes that IQOS in total will still be breakeven. I think that's what you mentioned at your Investor Day, so I just wanted to clarify that. And then wanted to understand your plans for spending by IQOS or behind IQOS this year. And then maybe help us quantify how big of an increase you're anticipating, if you could do that.
Bonnie L. Herzog: Okay. All right. That's helpful. And then just my final question, I'd be curious to hear from you guys the feedback you've been receiving from public health experts and then governments around the world given the success you've had with IQOS and the science you've been publishing. Anything you can share with us regarding conversations and progress you're making would really be helpful. Thanks.
