André Calantzopoulos: Well, for the new users clearly, on average, we say two weeks to a month depending on the individual, sometimes people take much more time to fully switch. Okay. They start using the products immediately obviously, because they bought it. Now, regarding retention over time, it's fairly stable, I would say, and I think with the new programs, we have in our CRM, will increase this retention. Now it depends also on the market as you know.In markets, where we have a lot of competitive activity, we get some dilution of consumption, because people buy other devices typically vastly cheaper from competition and they try a few products, but if I compare markets where the competition is not yet successful, I think we have very good retention, and I think we can further enhance this retention as we now deploy a much better CRM program during the year. So I'm really happy with what we have and we can improve from here.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. I mean, except for Korea, I would say, we have growth in every market. Okay. Korea is a particular phenomenon because there is a confusion of consumers around the heat-not-burn category that is not dissimilar to what happened in many markets on the e-vapor category and that happened at the beginning of last year in June, when the Korean FDA, although they found a very significant reduction in the toxicants of heated tobacco product compared to cigarettes, very similar to what we have communicated, they kind of confused consumers by saying yes, but the tar of this product is very similar to cigarettes, although, we're comparing apples with oranges, because there is two different paths. The one is water and glycerin, and the other is but chemical.So this has stalled the category, and I think will take a bit of time to restart the process. I think sooner, or later there is realization by the authorities in Korea that that's not the right thing to do with consumers and the alignment we have now much more with KT&G, after the agreement, I think they will help grow the category, but except for Korea, I don't see any other place where we have an issue.
André Calantzopoulos: Yeah. Regarding pricing, I would say, as I explained, we foresee pricing to be a bit below this year than 2019, but is essentially due to Indonesia, okay. Because if we took 2019 we had annualization of pricing from 2018 in Indonesia, which at this stage we assume is not going to happen.Obviously, one, there was no real pricing in 2019. So you have no annualization in 2020 and we have to be a bit cautious about pricing and how it rolls out in Indonesia, there is a pretty steep increase. But we assume that this situation will resolve during 2020. So in 2021 we have annualization of pricing in Indonesia and come back to normal, okay.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, IQOS margins are higher than cigarettes. Okay. So that's basically clear and a lot of the margin improvement is coming, as Martin explained from IQOS essentially.
André Calantzopoulos: I think it's very difficult to comment at this stage what is going to be the precise growth of the category. Maybe I see it higher than them, but we see both growth and that's the important part. And I think we are well positioned with all the initiatives we have to capture the largest part of the growth.So we'll see as the year unfolds where exactly we end, but the key thing is that we remain focused. IQOS still has a lion's part of the segment share and the momentum is positive and accelerating. We're increasing segment share and overall market share. So that's the key thing to retail.
André Calantzopoulos: I don't have the exact numbers in my head, but I would say the cannibalization is stable. We had a little bit of down-trading, I would say, after the price increase because Marlboro increased prices more than HEETS, but now it's back to stable and both are growing, but Marlboro is growing, again.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think the maximum was after the unfortunate cases in the U.S. with the lung disease and deaths that was spun by some people in the wrong way. As you know, I think this is getting better, but we are not there out yet, because there are still people that spread confusion despite all the efforts.Myself and others are making to explain that this has nothing to do with the e-vapor category and more with misuse with cannabis, oils and so on. My – our perspective on this was in any case our plan on e-vapor was to build the capacity and go into the bulk of the market, that is the European Union towards the year end, okay, because then we have capacity at scale.We had planned a couple of markets earlier on a try basis. I think it's better not to put oil in the fire, especially, since we will put the e-vapor under the IQOS brand. So to minimize confusion, I prefer that we let a little bit time fly. We build capacity and it doesn't move in reality our plan for the European Union, which was towards the end of this year. So that's my perspective.And I think that it's about time, there are more voices here to stop misleading people and I was reading the recent Q&A by the World Health Organization and it's not my commentary, but it is so much of misleading and I would say malicious statements in there that some of the top advocates in public health came out and said, this is unacceptable. So they modified their version, but they still misleading.So I think short-term that may appear not a good thing, but long term, the more people say insane things, the more credibility they lose and the more the alternatives will become more credible because they lose their credibility. And I think we are in this phase now who are frankly speaking, you see more and more of this nonsensical thing and more and more voices saying let's stop these, have I reset now of the situation and stopped talking seriously because these alternatives are better for people would otherwise smoke. But as far as the commercial part is concerned, that's it -- that's why, it's what I said and I explained just now. Hope I'm clear.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, any, pricing is all in the guidance, obviously Adam. So we're always hope there is an opportunity in Japan, when there is a tax increase to get pricing, we'll make some assumptions, we'll see how much they materialize or not.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. In broad strokes, okay, there is as on seasonality in summer pretty obviously that's favoring cigarettes hence a little bit less market share on the heated tobacco unit. The second thing, although IQOS was very marginally affected by the whole situation of e-vapor in the U.S., it was just the moment in the quarter, we had a bit of a slowdown in September I would say but we recovered as of October/November and I think we're entering 2020 with a pretty good momentum.Number of users is increasing. As I explained, I think the menthol is an opportunity for us towards second half of the year. So I'm very optimistic about the momentum and outcomes in the European Union.
André Calantzopoulos: Overall, I would say, Adam, we see a significant increase in the number of users overall across the market. Okay. And I think it's also due to the fact that we're getting scale, getting momentum. We see more word of mouth happening in the markets and the tools we use now are more scalable. So I hope we will see this accelerate.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, first of all we need to compare comparable things. Okay. We are still growing in cities where we started before. There is some obviously some expansion in there that helps and we still have scope for expansion. Now it's pretty clear in my mind that at a certain stage, we would need probably a second price point in the portfolio in Russia because in certain cities, we will be getting the essence of the premium and somehow, a large part of the more I would say wealthy part of the mid-price segment. I don't know that we will need this in 2020, but we have to plan at least for 2021. Okay. And that's how I see it. So we don't see a slowdown, but we need to prepare for reaching the limits in terms of affordability over time in the big cities. Now in the cities we just started clearly, we have more runway in front of us.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, in my view is going to be a bit less than 2019 and it's all variable. At the end of the day, it all depends on the number of new consumers you acquire. So I would say we would be between 300 and 350 depending on the number of new users and that we have because there are certain cost that are purely variable. But as Martin clearly said, all this is offset on a comparable basis by all the savings we have in -- from a cost saving initiatives. So that helps clearly the margin expansion plus the geographic mix of IQOS that is helpful.
André Calantzopoulos: Yeah, I think at the end of the day I said many times, I don't think we will do all the new products on our own or invent everything and we're very open to partnership and this is a very simple principle is what can we add to the partnership. I think we have technology, we have IP that complements, we have the scientific assessment capabilities and obviously the route to market. And in my view KT&G has an interesting product like the hybrid product, which by the way is a peripheral heated tobacco product that vaporizes at the same time.When we think there is potential in certain markets and certain consumer segments, their heated tobacco product has -- is the second more performing heated tobacco product and it's also heating from the inside and I think with the know-how we have if necessary, we can improve this product. And I think we decide market-by-market, what are the right price points for this product, so that they are complementary to our IQOS strategy. And as we discussed in Japan, for Japan, there may be some cannibalization, but from Japan, for example, we did two price points with our own products. We didn't see much cannibalization. We're still much more incrementality. So that's how I see it.For the e-vapor product, we have not major plans at this stage, but a much more interested in their hybrid and the heated tobacco with the team that has potential in these markets and that's how I see it.We also have more alignment I would say overall, in Korea, that's important for the Korean market. And we also have access from a technology point of view to a country like Korea that is one of the centres for electronics. So I think it's a win-win for both companies. It's a license agreement, the financial works for both of us. So I look forward to working with them and expanding in the right markets offering consumers much more wide range of products.
André Calantzopoulos: Certainly, we see some. I think the IQOS DUO would help, because consecutive use for some people is important. We addressed this problem with the multi, but now we address it also with the main product and we see better adoption.The pricing is also in general to avoid all these promotions and promotional money, we think that's the right price of the product and we always prepare the portfolio for the next generation that will always come at a premium. So we always reduce the previous version price in view of the forthcoming new version. And as I explained, many times, we have a strategy of having a major innovation every two, three years and significant upgrades every year in the portfolio and that's why we're doing in Japan.So say that there is enormous reduction -- reaction just because we reduced the device prices, it helps, but there is a whole mix that works. We see actually more reaction in Russia where disposable income is really an issue. By having still the 2.4 Plus on the market and IQOS 3, where still a lot of consumers buy the 2.4, because the more price sensitive market.I think the answer is not only pricing, is much more resolving constantly the consumer pain points that are a barrier to entry in the category and that's why we're working on the current version and the forthcoming one. So that's a little bit the philosophy we apply.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, obviously, these new products, if you go through our infrastructure, which means our own retail, third-party retail where this kind of franchises. Our own digital platforms now that are put in place, our coaches, obviously you can use the infrastructure you have in a much more efficient way.So I would say that, still the vast majority of the investment during the year is still on IQOS heat-not-burn and we assume even when we are allowed a bit more massively IQOS before it's going to be on a per user basis much cheaper compounded by the fact that we don't have to explain the category to people. We just need to explain to people what the difference is and what the benefits of MESH are compared to existing e-vapor product. So there is no category explanation effort behind. So it will be much cheaper in my view or less expensive than the heat-not-burn product.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, we hope we'll see in more and more markets in 2020. As I said we expect the number of users to grow, which means compared to -- we had 4 million users, we expect a much higher number than that. So I call this acceleration on a same market basis, okay.Look it's the beginning of the year, we feel good about the fourth quarter. We have good momentum going into 2020. We'll keep you up to date on how we progress and that comes at a much lower cost. So I think we're building it pretty nicely.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, they are progressing, but I cannot give you more details. Okay. Still, there is a stay of all litigation and there are discussions to resolve the issue. Once we have something concrete, I can give you more details, but things are progressing.
André Calantzopoulos: I think we have a lot of plans for before. So, one day, we will probably apply for PMTA in the U.S., but we still have to finalize a few studies on P4, for we have the same type of file as we head for IQOS, but that's important also for many other countries. And in due time, we will discuss if and when we want to enter the U.S. market. The FDA is going to be very busy in the U.S. over the next you know few months on, on all the PMTAs. I don't think that's the appropriate moment to do anything.
André Calantzopoulos: Yeah. I would like to thank you all for joining. First of all, I would say, we had a pretty good 2019. We're entering 2020 in a very good shape. We outlined the one unusual thing that is Indonesia. We think we'd see how this unfolds. We prefer to be cautious about this at the beginning of the year. And just something that is in the air just now, I mean this whole, this issue around the coronavirus. We have no problem today.But clearly, if that continues, there may be some impact on travel and the duty-free and in terms of supply chain; I think we're in pretty good shape for a few weeks. But if that persists for a very long period of time like everybody else, we may have some issues with device supply. Now, that's not a continuation of this like in any company is not baked into our guidance, but we all hope this is going to be soon resolved. So we put it behind us.So, thank you again and I look forward to a pretty good 2020.
Martin King: Yeah, the margin expansion is driven by a number of factors. First of all, it's partly mix in that we're growing very rapidly now in the EU, which has very good margins on IQOS via tobacco units. The second piece is, as you point out, our cost saving initiatives have stepped up significantly.At this point, the investments that we're making behind RRP are now fully offset by these cost savings initiatives and that's where you get the big benefit for margin expansion and the cost saving breaks down into a couple of buckets. In the operations area, we have various productivity, especially, as we get better and better at producing the consumables for heated tobacco units with scale, better uptime on the equipment for waste.We're improving the footprint across the whole manufacturing area. You saw the factory optimizations we've done in the last year, which begin to pay off in 2020 and beyond and we also have initiatives across all of our spending categories to find ways to become more efficient intelligently and rotate money out of less efficient areas and be able to put it into reduced risk products.So that whole effort started to pay off for the last year, you saw our margin expansion last year was very strong at 1.7 percentage point increase and then this year we're committing to at least 1.5 percentage increase, and this is something that we will continue to focus on in the out years going forward as well.
Martin King: But I think it's safe to say that Marlboro's share, Marlboro HeatSticks share ended up being more than we had originally expected. We thought that HEETS would a bigger component by now and Marlboro HeatSticks has held up better than we expected given the pricing.On the other hand, HEETS did its job of expanding their category and making the offering available to a broader array of consumers that were more price sensitive. So we're satisfied with this performance and overall it did its job. However, more heated tobacco users opted to stay with the Marlboro HeatSticks than we originally planned, which is positive of course for our margins and for the profitability.
Martin King: Hey Adam, I'm Martin. On the IQOS heated tobacco unit share in the EU there is seasonality there. If you look at for instance in 2018, you see the same basic dynamic, where the increase from Q2 to Q3 is relatively small with a bigger increase from Q3 to Q4 and then again in 2019 you see the same dynamic.In addition, this year we had even more pronounced effect that André mentioned with the other news flow, but this is -- this is back to the seasonality piece. Cigarettes in EU are going to be higher because it's warm weather, people go outside and they can use it more and then lower in the winter months, whereas IQOS you could use much more easily frequently without any worry as far as what the weather outside is, so you don't see the volume changes quarter-to-quarter as much as you do on cigarettes. So it's really the cigarette seasonality that's driving these share numbers to be impacted.
Martin King: I'm sorry, the in-market sales versus the shipments or in your words, sell-in versus sell-out, we are approximately equal. If anything actually, the IMS was a little bit more than the shipments. So, there was no inventory change on the year.
