Martin King: Yes, we're very gratified by the performance in Japan. I think IQOS 3 and multi is playing a role in that. The devices have been very well received by consumers. It helps us turn the page in Japan on the reliability issue we had with the previous early versions of 2.4 plus, even though 2.4 plus is now fixed from a reliability point of view in consumers' minds in Japan, this was part of what they were looking for was to get past that. And it's definitely helping us with perceptions in the marketplace. Our new registrations in Japan have increased substantially, and it's in part due to the 3 and multi that's there. HEETS is playing a role as well. And the roll out during the quarter was successful. It's adding to our share and adding to profitability in the market as it brings in the price sensitive consumers from cigarettes. So the plan in Japan is as we had hoped and it's right on track and doing very well. In Korea, the issue is very intense competition in the heat-not-burn category. We're holding our own but we're seeing some new offerings from competition. And there's some churn going on there, not unlike happened in the earlier days also in Japan. And we're working very hard, the 3 and multi are well received in the country, but we're still working through I think some of the competitive activity that's going on in that marketplace.
Martin King: Well, actually, it was even more specific than Europe, it was in Italy only. And it was because the government reduced the tax. And so we're passing on that benefit to consumers, and we believe that that's the right thing to do. The profitability remains intact. And it's something that as we get better tax differentials in various countries, we think it's important when we get a lower tax to reflect that sometimes in the price, so that consumers benefit. Otherwise, governments are less likely to retain those gaps. 
Martin King: Yes, so it's both. There is better underlying business, particularly in the area of EU and the volume on conventional cigarettes came a bit stronger than we anticipated. As far as HTUs, we're right on plan but about -- if you take the beat being about $0.09, $0.03 is the currency coming better, which is transactional currency. Then there is about $0.06 that's more in the business and half of that is better underlying performance and the other half is more spending timing that I think will flush out in the coming quarters. So we're on a good start for the year but it's early days and we will see how the rest of the year unfolds.
Martin King: Well, I mean, we are off to a strong start for the year and it's reflected, as I said, in the business results that you see. We have good margins. We have good volume. But it's early days. I mean, we're here in the first quarter only. For the heated tobacco space, we're right on plan in Japan that is very nice share growth but it's what we planned. In EU, it's turning out really nicely. It's everything developing well. We're getting the benefit from the investments that we made last year. But it's exactly what we had anticipated and put in the plan. The part that’s a bit further ahead of where we anticipated, is the conventional cigarette volume, which is coming both from the total market, which on adjusted basis total market worldwide was down 2.3, so it's very much to the low end of the range we expected. And our own share is coming quite strong as well on conventional cigarettes to be up in share despite the impacts of cannibalization from HTUs is a welcome development. Now, we'll have to see if these trends hold and it's really the beginning of the year. We give the best estimates we can and I think it's a positive that we're seeing the business performing a bit better.
Martin King: Well, there're two other factors. One is the total market in EU came better than it has for a while, and pretty good for EU to be only down slightly. And our share is doing very well for both cigarettes and heated tobacco units. And then you get this factor that our volume our shipments in EU for heated tobacco units are starting to get quite significant. And you have to remember that our margins on those shipments are considerably better than cigarettes. So you get both the weighting of HTUs at a higher margin and you get better trends on the volume for both cigarettes and heated tobacco units. We're also getting more efficient on our spending. We made significant investments in infrastructure and we've learned how to better convert smokers to the heated tobacco to IQOS, and do it more efficiently and effectively. So if you look at our cost, the step up across all the regions actually but in the EU, it was much smaller this year than it was last year, and we're benefiting from the investments we made before. We're also scrubbing our costs on the other existing areas in the company as we're committed to doing and we're doing a better job controlling the costs, so all those come in together to give some pretty good results.
Martin King: Well, I can't think of any event to call out that would cause performance to falter in any way. I don't know that you'll see the same percentage increase each quarter going forward because there're other factors involved. But the trajectory and the trends I think are good. And yes, I believe EU will have a good year this year.
Martin King: Well, Italy and Germany probably overall have slightly higher margins for heated tobacco units than most of the other countries. They both have a pretty good advantage from a tax perspective, Germany particularly so. As far as the price increase, I mean we've passed those tax advantages on the consumer and our profitability is at least as good as it was before.
Martin King: Yes, the pricing that was mentioned in the script was reflecting conventional cigarette pricing over conventional cigarettes revenue. We do of course get a mix benefit as we grow heated tobacco units. If you look at mix companywide, it's a little more complicated, because we also have the effect of geographic volume differences that’s higher or lower margin. So for example, if Turkey grows volume is what happened in the first quarter this year that tends to be at a lower margin than the volume, in say EU that we mentioned before. So that factor comes into the mix as well. So companywide mix is not so clear. But overall, there is a mix benefit absolutely as we grow the heated tobacco unit volumes around the world, because everywhere that we commercialize we have higher margins on heated tobacco units in the cigarettes in that same given market.
Martin King: Well, the pricing for the year, it's going to vary. Overall, the main takeaway is that the pricing conditions are intact the pricing power is still there, the brands are strong, you see that in the share gains. So we are very encouraged by the pricing environment. It does vary. You have the number of factors going on in this quarter. For instance, Argentina being out of the pricing variance that reduces it significantly in the second half of the year the comparison will be better. In Turkey, we absorbed tax in the first quarter. We've now taken pricing in Turkey recently. Russia, there is a tax timing difference. The tax increase was in January this year whereas in Russia, it was in July. So the comparison for the first half year is more difficult. And then there are some countries like Philippines, for example, where we had very nice pricing last year, but it was more a issue of closing the gap from the JTI acquiring the Mighty brands and the crude tax, excise tax being fully reflected in the price, so that close price gaps in the market last year and even starting the year before. So we had very nice pricing as that catch-up occurred, returning more the pricing that should be in the market. And so the comparison against this year, while we continue to have good pricing variance and we anticipate still to have a good pricing variance in the Philippines, it's not nearly as big as it was last year, so all these factors come into play. On top of that we just took the pricing in France, Germany, Italy, Mexico, Turkey. And we're going to keep looking for pricing opportunities as we go forward. So we are confident we'll be over the 5% to the part of the year, and it's pretty good pricing environment overall.
Martin King: Well, right now we're the ones growing as we showed you on the chart. We were driving the category growth and taking pretty much almost all of that growth into IQOS related consumables. Now, there are some new products that have been launched but very limited amounts, so it’s hard to see how they're going to do. And then later in the year, probably in the October time period or so is what we understand from competitors that they're planning to launch some additional products, which has combined effects. One positive from it is it could very well help accelerate the category growth. One of the problems we called out in the past in Japan is as consumers try other products in the heat-not-burn space, in many cases they've been disappointed and dropped out of the category as opposed to being satisfied by the products and staying with it. So IQOS still has by far in a way the best conversion rates of anything out there. We'll see if these additional launches or products, which people can convert to more readily. But I think we're still confident that we'll have the best product in the marketplace based on everything we know today.
Martin King: Well, the price points on the consumables are pretty much clustered around the 4,500 three and one per pack. I think there's maybe one competitor has slightly lower price. The differences on the devices though is larger, IQOS 3 and multi are priced at a premium versus most of the other devices. But the bigger driver I think is on the consumable side. In Korea, there's very little price tiering, as well as the whole market mostly clustered around that same -- including cigarettes by the way, clustered around that same 4,500 per pack price.
Martin King: Well, we continue to expect an answer or a decision anytime. In the past, we have gotten various questions on the application, we've always answered them right away and we're continuing to expect to hear from them and hopefully, we'll be able to get off and running with IQOS in the U.S., sometime this year. But I don't have any real update on the timing or any further insight other than the same comments that you probably read from the TMA that were on the news.
Martin King: Yes, you're right. It was impacted by inventory change, which is about 0.7 billion sticks. So if you look at in-market sales, it was about $6.4 billion. Now, remember we've had a price increase in Japan and the market is impacted by that. So you have about a 4.5% to 5% market decline coming from the -- the usual market decline, plus the impact of the pricing that occurred in October. So you have to keep that in mind when you're comparing pure volume going back. So despite the very nice share gain that we're experiencing now, the actual in-market sales volume is not as up as much as you might expect, because the total market is declining as of course, it is across all the categories and all the different brands. So I don't know if that answers your question, Bonnie.
Martin King: So margins, the 100 basis points improvement is -- part of it is exactly the same discussion. It's slowing the incremental total costs that we're adding, while still benefiting from the increased margin coming from higher volumes of heated tobacco units, especially in the EU where the margins are very attractive. So it's a variety of different pieces there that help us achieve the 100 basis point at least. And you see even in this quarter we were above that, because of the other factors, the cost and the devices, et cetera, being lower. So this is a multiyear focused effort to improve our margins at the same time we invest significantly.
Martin King: I don't see anything right now that would prevent us from achieving this 100 basis point at least objective. We'd always think of some wild thing that would come from that field, I can't think of anything that's likely to happen that would keep us from making that attempt.
Martin King: I believe we are around 50% in Europe, maybe a little higher now, because that's probably little bit of an older number. But the point is we still within Europe and most of the countries in Europe are not truly, truly fully national. And even if the product is available in some places nationally, the initiatives behind converting smokers and the real consumer journey activities, if you will, are more focused still toward the bigger population areas for efficiency reasons and other. So there is room to grow in EU strictly simply from geographic expansion. And it's a substantial amount of space still available for us to do that. And of course that's true elsewhere as well. Russia we called out is just now with this last expansion that occurred, we are in about a third of the country by volume. Japan and Korea, we are fully national. So those two, there's probably not much room you're going to get from purely geographic expansion. But in just about every other country that we've launched in, we still have geographic expansion opportunities within the country. And of course, we can still over next few years, we'll continue to add countries as it makes sense. So there is plenty of room to grow with this product.
Martin King: Well, Pamela, I really can't talk about future pricing. For sure in general, when there is pricing in most countries and in Japan, in particular, it's usually easier to do when there is some sort of an event, either tax increase or VAT increase. It is not impossible to increase prices absent those and we have done it. We did it on Marlboro a couple of years ago. Mevius, we did it independently the year before that. So it's not impossible to have pricing in Japan, absent tax and VAT. But obviously, the event creates the opportunity to be able to do it.
Martin King: I don't know of any particular situation to call out of expected rollbacks in tax with regard to novel tobacco products. But I mean, we make the case with various governments all the time that the ideal way to think about taxes on tobacco product is along the risk continuum. And if you have cigarettes at say 100% of tax, then you have products that have far lower levels of toxicity and measurable scientifically substantiated benefits that are much, much, much lower than that should be reflected in the tax. So we do make that case. And we have had case situations in other countries where the tax actually improved or the gap improved between cigarettes and heated tobacco units. There are couple of cases actually in the EU. But I can't really call out any going forward, but we'll continue to make the case along those lines. As far as plain packaging, we have a lot of experience now with plain packaging in a number of different countries. And so far, it really hasn't had any significant impact on volume share or any of the other key metrics. So, we're not worried about the implementation of the plain packaging. I mean, obviously, it's important for us to be able to keep branding and keep the premiumness of our products and so forth. So we don't think that plain packaging is the way to go. But if they're going to implement it on cigarettes, then it's not the end of the world. We haven't seen any big impacts from it.
Martin King: Yes, it was the same timing and we have made the contribution and it's the same as it was last year with the size and the timing.
Martin King: I mean, in the Philippines, our share is stable right. We're at flat share but we're growing significantly with our Marlboro share versus Fortune. So we've traded up from mid-price or even low priced brands also from mighty Marlboros and so forth, up in the Marlboro as those price gaps close. So Marlboro is up almost six share points in share from the same period last year, and it's almost 39% share of the market now. Whereas Fortune has dropped by not quite the same amount, but about five share points, which is part -- it's just a function of the gaps, the price gaps closing between the different brands. So, Philippines while our share in volume if you -- our volume was up in the quarter but it's more of a trade loading timing so forth. It's really down slightly overall in the market. And the share is also more or less flat, but the profitability improves as you trade up from a mid-price or low price into the premium. So, Philippines is pretty good story still.
Martin King: It's pretty much the same as we've communicated before, Michael. We did the test market in the Dominican Republic and we've learned quite a bit on the consumer side. The product is actually well received. It's a product we think will be very successful in the long haul. But we're working on improving the reliability of the product and making sure that charcoal heat source is well secured and won't give us any problems in a broad scale launch. I mean, when you launch in a very big country, you can be shipping billions and billions of units. So even a very, very small rate of dropping off of the heated tip would be of concern so we want to make sure it is absolutely bulletproof and tested and able to stand up in high humidity environments, for example. And also with the new way of attaching the tip and making sure it's right, we need to scale up the manufacturing for it. And that's taking us a little bit of time. So we still have a great deal of confidence in this product, and we believe it will play a role. It will be very nice to have it in a number of markets for more conservative smokers, because the ritual is more similar and we'll get it out there as soon as we can.
Martin King: Yes, I just want to summarize a couple of the key points, I think going forward. We're very pleased with the start to the year. We've got very good momentum. The combustible tobacco portfolio, the volumes are very good. I think this is the best volume performance we've had in a very long time. The share is very strong. The pricing remains intact and is doing well. So we're very pleased with the base of the business that is the engine that can feed our growth as we move toward smoke free products. At the same time, the IQOS is doing extremely well across geography. We have Japan growing shared nicely and on a very good trajectory. We're able to grow across pretty much every different type of country and geography and consumer preference, regulatory scheme. And we're seeing really pretty impressive growth in places like Russia and the EU. We're on track to deliver our long-term targets of 9,200 billion units. And we're also pleased with the financial results in being able to expand margin and have a have a good cost approach. While we're investing in what we need to invest and continuing to see the growth with substantial investments, but at the same time scrubbing our costs and being very cost conscious throughout the business to be able to fund that without as much incremental spending. And we are very pleased to be able to deliver these results and we'll see as the year unfolds, and we continue to have good momentum we're off to a good start. So I think that's the main points to take away. Thank you very much.
