André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Clearly, the move from Japan Tobacco is encouraging, but you appreciate I cannot make any further comments on pricing in Japan, for obvious reasons.
André Calantzopoulos: Well as you rightly said, Korea is the biggest swing because it swings about almost 1 point of pricing variance year-to-year compared to our previous year's revenues. Apart that, there is nothing particular here that we should be reading, so we're very confident about the pricing environment. I think it's very positive and the excise tax environment is also positive, so not much change compared to the previous year.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think this is temporary because sooner or later, others are crossing the critical points. Now, that had more impact for us in this quarter. There is another phenomenon that had a lot of increased activity, I would say, towards the end of the year in Indonesia, which is a number of competitive offerings that sell essentially 20 sticks per pack at the price of 16. Now, these propositions typically are not viable longer term because if you remember, the excise tax in Indonesia is specific and on a per-stick basis. But temporarily, you have some distortions because of these launches that should ease during the year. So that's essentially what happened in Indonesia in the quarter.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. What happened is, first of all, the direction we gave for 2016 is 1% approximately up, including reduced-risk products, where we have obviously incremental spending compared to 2015. Okay, that's the first item. And don't forget, our target is 1% to 3% per year, excluding RRP. So just to facilitate your understanding, I would say that 40% of the incremental spending in the last quarter is nonrecurring in 2016, roughly, okay? And we clearly had also quite substantial incremental spending on iQOS in the fourth quarter. Now, the nonrecurring items relate to obviously the implementation of the Tobacco Products Directive in 2016, but some of the costs have to happen in 2015. It's also some restructuring that we don't report under reported, but in the normal earnings, plus some one-off items. So in total, that's what – how I would see it. And I hope I helped you a little bit to understand.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. In Europe; pricing in Europe is unchanged. What we make some difference in the quarter is, if you remember, in Germany in 2014, we took pricing in the middle of the year toward the second half. And in 2015, we anticipated earlier. So until the third quarter, we had two overlapping annualization of pricing from the previous year, from 2014, and the pricing in 2015, which we don't have – we didn't have in the last quarter. But as you know, we announced pricing in Germany, so we are back in the normal course. Okay. That will explain this. Now, I will give much more granularity about iQOS in CAGNY. I don't want to steal the thunders of everybody, but the retention rates are much higher than the 30%. And that's very encouraging in Japan, actually.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, I hope the trends in Europe are sustainable. I mean where we forecast, it's early in the year. But from everything we know, including pricing, we think we may be a bit lower than last year, a bit higher decline but well above actually our 2% to 3% secular decline that we anticipate. So to me it looks fairly good in Europe, okay? And part of that is attributed, obviously, to a lower share of e-cigarettes but also a little bit less illicit trade. And I think maybe because the economies also are improving, higher average daily consumption, which you don't see in the trends. But that explains part of the volume, clearly.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, a lower headwind, obviously, because at current levels, it makes no sense to resume share repurchases. So once we see reversal, then we can revisit the issue. And I hope we will see at some stage.
André Calantzopoulos: And all the indications we have from the markets where we're already one or more years in the market is, all the fundamentals are improving; the perception is improving; the image is improving. So it has worked very well and actually beyond what I personally expected. So I don't know exactly weighted where we are. We're in 100 markets. I think it's 95% of the volume of Marlboro already or something like that. And everywhere, we've seen positive results. And if you remember, this is not just packaging. It's the whole communication of consumers, product improvement that were extremely well received by our consumers and also competitive smokers.
André Calantzopoulos: Yeah. I mean if we look overall, clearly, Russia, as I said, we have to make some assumptions. Last year, we're a bit positively surprised. I hope that's going to be the case, but we have to assume some decline in Russia. So we assumed, as I said, around 9% at this stage. On the positive side, clearly, Korea, because last year we had quite impressive decline, about – apples-to-apples, I would say 20%, which this year hopefully, we're not going to see. And clearly, we see improving trends during the year. So that's on the positive side. We had a good upside in Turkey last year because of the illicit trade reduction plus increased consumption. I don't think we are going to see the same increment in Turkey this year, obviously. But as the year unfolds, we will know better. In markets where we're less impacted, clearly, is India that had a big decline last year because of excise and VAT increases. But as you know, we have minimal exposure there and Brazil. And Brazil is likely to continue this year, obviously, because we had a combination of VAT tax increases in certain states because they have autonomy to decide about the VAT rates and also an excise tax increase that comes in two tranches in Brazil; one in May and one in December. So that's where I see it. Now, Indonesia, again, is a bit early days. As you know on one side, we had a slightly soft economy. Price, the pass on of the excise tax in the previous year of about 5% of price increase equivalent. This year, it's 7.5%, not dramatic but slightly higher. And on the other side, we have – on the positive side we have minimum wage increases in the range of 11%. So how this is going to pay at the end of the year is very difficult to predict. Conservatively, we have assumed some decline, but we'll see if that materializes or not. And that's for the key markets. I don't know if I said that.
André Calantzopoulos: I mean, look, I must say that I'm positively surprised by elasticities rather than the opposite, actually. They come more on our side than I thought. So now, again, some of the emerging markets we have to watch as the economy weakens, but we don't see many – any signs – I'm sorry – of this occurring at this stage. So we'll keep you abreast of how this is going during the year. But I think we baked this in our forecast for total market for the year of to 2% to 2.5%.
André Calantzopoulos: Well first of all in the UK in particular, we've essentially taken back our distribution from Imperial. So in the quarter we had particularly particular specific expenses due to this take-back and double cost obviously, because we're still paying material and we're building up our own distribution. I don't see any acceleration in downtrading in the UK in terms of trends. And if we try to correlate this to plain packaging, clearly there's not yet plain packaging in the UK, I would say. But in general, because I get very often this question, is UK going to become Australia. The first thing is the impact of plain packaging on Australia downtrading is extremely difficult to estimate, if any, because it's much more a question of pricing. Because if you remember, the margins at the bottom end of the market in Australia are still extremely high compared to the UK. So I personally do not see an acceleration of the trends in the UK, even if eventually plain packaging is implemented because there are already brands at very low margins at the bottom end of the market. And I don't think we'll see an acceleration of the trends. Now in the EU in general, I don't see much downtrading here. Actually, the premium segment is stable and we grew share with Marlboro. So overall, I'm very positive about the trends in the European Union. And do not forget that we have a portfolio with Marlboro, L&M and Chesterfield that covers quite comfortably all price segments. So I think we're fairly confident about the prospects of the business in the European Union.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, we would see obviously some correction. And we should not forget that in particularly in the last quarter, there were competitive introductions in the market. And clearly because of the support of iQOS as we expand it nationally, we had no activities on our portfolio of cigarettes during that quarter, okay. So that explains both the comparisons in terms of competitive pipelining and us focusing on iQOS the higher decline in the share. Now from what we know today, approximately 40% of the people that switch and adopt iQOS come from our own brands, which is higher obviously than our market share in Japan. But I hope this is correct because we are primarily targeting our own consumers as well, and it's Marlboro. So that's a little bit the proportion we see today, 40% coming from our portfolio and 60% from competitive brands.
André Calantzopoulos: Well we are getting some part of the segment clearly, due to the success of Dji Sam Soe Magnum and Blue, which are in that segment. We introduced last year U Bold, which is a full-flavor extension of U Mild that is doing well in the areas that was launched and we plan to expand now nationally. And one of the things that shows the segment growing faster is that some of the introductions I've described previously, 20 packs for the price of 16, are labeled as full flavor but they are more low tar and nicotine product, okay. So there is some artificial boosting of that segment. But overall, we are making progress in that segment, and we have plans to further expand our presence in the segment, clearly.
André Calantzopoulos: Well as I said in my remarks, we expect OCI to grow above our 6% to 8% range next year. So obviously, margins will expand. And we expect and we're targeting margin expansion in every – so yes, you will see a margin increase.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, as I said, we will not decrease the dividend, okay? So, yes, it is a high payout ratio, undoubtedly. And given currencies, it will remain high for the next couple of years, no matter what. I hope over time as we grow profit and we grow cash flow, we'll come back to more normal levels. And if the currencies stabilize, clearly, we'll recover much faster the return to normality, I would say. But as we always said, dividends is sacrosanct and we will go to a large extent to maintain the dividend.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, this discussion about 65%, as I said, is a bit theoretical short term because we will remain, no matter what happens, unless the currencies turn back to half of where they are today compared to...
André Calantzopoulos: Dollars as to half. Once that the situation becomes a bit more clear on where we'll go directionally, then we'll revisit this payout ratio and we may want to modify it, okay. That kind of theoretical discussion today.
André Calantzopoulos: We definitely see improvement, undoubtedly. Pricing at the bottom has increased; compliance is increasing quite significantly. The back-stops have helped. And as the – finally, as of next year, we are in the final stage of merging the two tiers. Over time, we have the possibility to unleash the profitability of the market also by growing Marlboro price. So overall the prospects are extremely good, in my view, touch wood. And it's pretty clear that with these kind of margins of price increases at the bottom, you will have some total market decline temporarily because it's 50% price increase over one-and-a-half-year period. So you would expect some market decline. But overall, I think it looks pretty good, as I said. So I'm very happy with what's happening in the Philippines.
André Calantzopoulos: Yes. As I said, it's a slightly different forecast Indonesia at the beginning of the year. My view is, yes, there is a little bit of pricing, higher pricing this year because of a higher tax. Last year, we had a 5% tax pass on. This year, we're 7.5%. The economy is a bit softer, but on the other side, minimum wages went up 11%. So how this is going to unfold is difficult for me to forecast. We have assumed conservative some slight market decline. Whether this materializes or not, we'll know over the few months as the pass on of the prices evolves. And that's how I see the total market for the month.
André Calantzopoulos: Switzerland, for sure. Russia is still in discussion. But in the vast majority of the markets we have launched, it's lower rates than cigarettes.
André Calantzopoulos: At this stage, we price parity with Marlboro, except for Switzerland, where we are slightly lower. And in Russia, where we use Parliament and Marlboro, and we're about the normal Parliament price. So we work with different pricing models and different go-to-market models of this type and clearly, with larger tool of best practices so we accelerate future deployment and also improve cost efficiency as we become a bit more intelligent about how these products with the markets.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Basically, this year is an important year because as you have mentioned of the pending cases, we have WTO; that the decision should come towards the second half of the year. And we have the UK High Court, which should rule before May, maybe earlier. So we'll know these important outcomes in the course of this year. So that's where we stand in terms of the pending cases at this stage.
André Calantzopoulos: There is a lot of interest from what we understand, but we're not in the proceedings, obviously, because it's between Member States, so...
André Calantzopoulos: Look, there are discussions of this nature and clearly, our explanations to the government is that they should put some stop in this out-of-cycle excise tax increases. This year, we have the last one. Now, despite all this tax increases which, as you know are pretty substantial because sometimes they are more than one Australian dollar per pack on 20s equivalent, the total market was down only 2.6% in 2015. And I think that has remarkable elasticity. Now, downtrading has continued, although recently at a lower pace. And as far as we are concerned, our share has stabilized finally. We have increased our segment share for the discount segment, so we're in a position to influence the segment. And essentially, I believe – I mean we also announced a price increase today in Australia. So the way I see Australia is, it has been a slight drag on our OCI this year, much, much less than last year. Conservatively, we forecast another small drag next year but we'll see now how this pricing unfolds. So that's the situation in Australia. Obviously, our objective is not to have the excise tax increase out of the normal ones that are the CPI indexation. Erik A. Bloomquist - Haitong Securities (UK) Ltd. Great. Thank you.
