Emmanuel Babeau: So thank you, Guarav, for the question. First of all, let me repeat that this is one scenario, the fact that the constraints are going to stay with us in H1 next year. This is not the only one, so you have more favorable scenario. And at that stage, frankly, it's a fast-moving, super-fluid situation. So we don't know, but I think it was really important to share the possibility that the pressure on availability that we are seeing in H2 2021, we're still going to see it in in H1 2022.  So that's the scenario you are referring to and in this situation we would see after this six months second half of 2021, we'd see another six months period with reduced acquisition that is the underlying potential that we have seen in H1. In this situation, no doubt that, of course, the spending would be impacted by the fact that the number of launches or a number of commercial activities, that's happening, that's very clear. But at the same time, I think we've been very clearly saying it today, we are absolutely sure of the very strong potential of IQOS. And we think that this potential remained absolutely unchanged by what's going on. So there will be when the shortage ease, a very nice acceleration.  On top of that, we will be coming at the same time with very exciting innovation. You know ILUMA, there is more in the pipe. So we're going to make sure even when there is some limitation on availability that we keep building awareness, we keep building the category, but also the IQOS franchise. So not all cost will go away because we're going to -- I mean, we are here to make a success. As you know, on the long time and not managing only 6 months. So yes, there would be in this scenario -- once again it's one scenario, among others. They would be reduction in investment. But as you can see in Q3, we continue to invest even when there is some limitation because we are building this long-term success that is extremely clear in the outlook that we have.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Guarav, for the question. Let me clarify it again. We have commercial partnership with Altria and each of them tobacco products, so that's very clear. And we're going to see what is the final outcome of this ITC question. I will not rest with the final conclusion. We are at the time of the presidential review. We frankly think it's going to be a defining moment for the objective of the FDA of tobacco on reduction. I think the administration has a great opportunity here to flag how important this tobacco harm reduction policy is. And that would mean to protect IQOS, which is the only [Indiscernible] inhaled nicotine product that is today benefiting from [Indiscernible] in the U.S. So we are still hopeful that we're going to get a positive conclusion after the presidential ruling for us. In the case that it was not the final outcome, of course, we'll continue to work with Altria. The development would be a bit delayed. We'll find a solution to overcome the ITC decision. And we've been flagging the fact that it could go for local production. And, as I think I've been saying during my notes, we remain absolutely convinced of the very strong potential of IQOS in the U.S. So that's one thing. And then you have the other Altria category where indeed we have ambition and you've said it, we are going to file for a PMTA for VEEV.  We could be considering launching modern oral product at a certain point in time as well. And on this one, all the options are open, so we don't have any commercial agreement today. And we will decide in due course how we want to launch and with which kind of set up or partnership. But no decision has been made at that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you Bonnie. So first question on the IQOS potential in term of sale of device during Q3 without the constraint. We are seeing that we've been missing several 100,000 of sale of devices. So it's obviously very, very material and we've been reporting the fact that outside Japan and really we have to look outside Japan because Japan with the launch of ILUMA was a specific situation. So outside Japan, devices have been growing by 7%, which is, of course, very, very significantly below the underlying growth of our markets.  And we are growing still close to 25% even in Q3. So that I think give an idea of the kind of GAAP that we may have been facing during this quarter. We believe, as I said, that during Q4, as we now have a better, I would say, grip on things, we've been managing on the reassortment, reallotment. We have a better understanding of the kind of commercial actions that are giving the best possible return. We have a very clear view on how we're going to prioritize. So we believe that we are growing even still with the severe restriction on devices, I'm not able to say whether that would be exactly the same level, but let's take that as an assumption, the same level as Q3, we believe that in terms of user growth, we could do better than in Q3. And we mentioned a few 100 thousand better user growth acquisition. So altogether, that mean that if you believe that the [Indiscernible] underlying growth rate was between 4.5 to 5 million user a year that we're seeing in each one, we're going to miss anywhere between 1 to 1.5 million user growth in H2 altogether.  And that is absolutely consistent. So that was something that was already here in September -- at the beginning of September, that is consistent with the 2 to 3 billion impact that we mentioned at the beginning of September. But I hope it helps you have some understanding -- better understanding of the impact of the device shortage. And how you should -- you should see it. On -- we are working, I can tell you, around the clock to manage the shortage. We are using all possible lever. So of course we are in very intense discussion with our suppliers exploring old possibility.  We are dominantly optimizing the planning and of course it's quite complex because we talk about shortages on various type of IC, and they are not all entering into the same kind of reference of our range. So we're managing that as well. We are looking at the split by market as well, and we've been buying a little bit and maybe we could be able to have even more success there. So we are really putting all the lever we can to minimize the impact. And today what we are hearing is that the number of capacity should kick in in the first half of next year. And I would tend to think there is a kind of consensus on the fact that H2 next year should be much better in terms of constraint, if not fully back to normal. So this is an assumption that we have today. But I have to admit that we've seen the situation moving fast, rapidly. And as I said, maybe things are going to improve faster because something is going to happen in the overall demand of the economy in the next six months. So maybe that could be even an improvement in H1. That's a scenario. Does it mean that another scenario that H2 could be with more question mark? Well, maybe. What we are hearing when we talk with our partner and supplier so far. But I have to admit that nothing is totally clear on that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, we continue to target very nice growth of IQOS and [Indiscernible] is a brilliant category altogether. And of course, as the EPS leader of this category, we see that continuing in the coming quarters. And as you know as well, that is coming with a very nice mix in terms of revenue per stick, and it's still very much visible in our Q3 numbers. And we also flagged the fact that that was positive in terms of gross margin rate for the consumable business, the IQOS business. So maybe if the growth is a bit weaker because of the situation, the positive mix will continue to evolve; has already, but at a lower pace. But that's going to continue to be nicely positive. And on top of that, of course, then there is a question of, okay, what are we going to spend in terms of SG&A in this kind of situation. So it's difficult to say that it's going to be necessarily as in a negative impact on the margin. We are talking about very powerful driver on our financial performance. And even once again, is the growth rate is going to decrease a bit, still going to be significantly higher than any evolution on [Indiscernible]. And it's going to still continue to deliver a positive impact on the mix.
Emmanuel Babeau: Of course, we can play without limits with that very scenario. We have to admit that we've been seeing already in Q3 a weakening of user growth. And as we said, versus -- even if we expect in Q4 an improvement versus Q3, it will still be below the underlying trend. And then, you know, in the scenario that we are describing, we say if the shortages continue in H1 next year, that's when we're going to face this pressure on growth. So it's difficult for me to just comment one scenario. But [Indiscernible], that's the accumulation of what has been happening in H2 this year, 2021, and what could happen the beginning of next year, so H1 2022, that could drive a reduction in the potential growth rate next year. Which would be temporary once again, and when there is a rebound, the [Indiscernible] will come, but that would be the combination that would trigger something that could be below our average growth targets.
Emmanuel Babeau: So regarding the ITC contingency plan, if eventually the presidential review was not favorable, but I want to repeat before answering you that we are hopeful that this presidential review will have a positive outcome for us for the reason I mentioned previously. I cannot elaborate further, unfortunately, but that clearly -- it's part of what we described, the fact that we could have some local production as an element, but I won't elaborate further on how this could happen and how we would get there. On the ILUMA PMTA, a PMTA, frankly, we will need to have a discussion with the FDA on the process and all the process would be carried by the FDA. And at this stage, I'm not able to answer you. So we will certainly require -- ask for a PMTA on ILUMA at a certain point in time, but not in a position today to comment on timing.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, there are a number of cases pending, I won't elaborate on that. Not all of them are public. And notably in Europe, I just want to repeat that so far in Europe, we've been on 11 cases, trial or at appeal, we've been successful. So I think it tells a lot about the strength of what we've been doing. And yes, some of the patents on which the ITC based their decision before proceeding for review but then that have been reviewed by a number of courts in Europe. And it to be the UK court. And they already have the [Indiscernible] and the UK court precisely has invalidated two family of patent that are at the original ITC decision. And the European Patent Office already evaluated one of this family of patent, so even fundamentally on the merit of the patent and the validity of the patent, we have been going through success in Europe.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, you have to still give me the remaining weeks for the year before I can elaborate on next year. I think it's still quite unclear what's going to be the environment. One might think that inflation clearly accelerating in many countries, we'll maybe build a global environment that could be better than what we thought initially, but that's still early time. So I'm not able to comment at that stage, so I will keep a cautious stance, which was built, you probably remember on the aftermath of the COVID and the impact of many economy are being under shock.  So we were seeing that that was probably not making a great landscape for price increase. But I have to admit that I don't know what's going to be the impact coming from what seems to be a general increase in inflation. And maybe that is going to create a more favorable situation, but bear with us, it's still a couple of months before we can have a clearer view on that one.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, Chris, that would mean that we will need to enter into great detail of how we are prioritizing our portfolio, and I don't think I want to do that because, of course, that's quite strategic for us. What is very clear is that we have one, North Star, if you want, which is to first protect our existing IQOS user and to make sure that we make device available when they want to renew the device. And second, of course, we want to optimize any commercial action to make sure that we have the highest return on a new device that we are selling and that we avoid as much as possible selling device with a very low percentage of utilization afterwards by the consumer.  And certainly for us, moving and taking the benefit of that to step up the blade technology and move IQOS 3 as a priority instead of IQOS 2.4+ was one of the moves that we have decided to make. And that explain why we have some more limitation on top of the fact that due to component issue there was also more pressure on 2.4, but obviously in these kind of moment s where a lot of things are on the table, you are managing constraint and long-term strategic vision as well. That's what we're doing.
Emmanuel Babeau: So globally, we think that we have put on beyond nicotine great platforms if you want, and notably in term of R&D. And I think there is a lot we're going to be able to do already with this acquisition. Now, does it mean that in the future, we could think of other [Indiscernible] acquisition that would bring additional capacity that we don't have here maybe, but I think for the time being, we're going to focus on making sure that we integrate this acquisition and we maximize the synergy. In the interview as I said, in terms of R&D, which were really two big objectives to combine strengths on R&D. And we optimize by putting -- know our all skills, talent together, we optimize what we can do already in therapeutic, but I could make the comment as well for 13 and self - care wellness.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, on Germany what I can certainly you repeat is the fact that it's a mixed feelings about the German decision because on one side, we are very happy with such a prominent country as Germany, putting in allows the fact that this project are better and should be treated differently than cigarette, and I think it's really great that this tobacco harm reduction principle is recognized. At the same time, 20% differentials seem too low. Yes of course it will have impact as we are progressively impacted by it.  And it's too early for me to give an idea of what's going to be the impact next year. But there will be some impact of course, [Indiscernible] it's not going to derail our fundamentally the trajectory on IQOS and profit growth. But we believe that 20% is not enough. So we are hopeful that at a certain point in time and it's too early to say, of course, the new coalition is yet form, even if things are getting clarified.  But we know whether there is the possibility that starting from these 20% differential. There is a plan to grow it over time, and that could be a possibility. Now, in term of contagion, we don't see that today. We see, on the contrary, when we look at the latest country, they are now coming to a differentiated treatment when it comes to each of them versus CC, we see normally most of the cases significantly higher even, differential versus Germany. So more than 20%. If I take just one example, that's the case in Egypt for instance. So in the recent decision taken by authorities, they are clearly making a bigger difference, which I think to a large extent is much more in line with the reduction in exposure to toxicans. You have a 90 to 95% if you wanted to have a rule to determine what could be the difference. Well, maybe that should be the guideline. And I think we are happy to see a number of country, regulatory government moving to the differentiated treatment between CC and [Indiscernible] and taking a big difference on tax treatment.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes. Thank you, Nick. Just give me a moment to wrap up with some brief closing comments. First of all, 2021 is on track to be a great year for the growth of IQOS and the financial performance of our business. We see continuation of strong underlying fundamentals, demand, and momentum for the IQOS brand. And last, but certainly not least, despite near-term challenges with device supply, we remain on track for our 3-year growth targets supported by a rich innovation pipeline. So thank you very much for your time today and we look forward to talking to you soon.
