André Calantzopoulos: Well, I will start by reminding everyone that, because there is a lot of discussion amongst investors and in the media in general what is the potential of x product, y product, JUUL, IQOS and so on and we have to understand that this is not a binary or a zero-sum game or winner takes all kind of situation. I think you can say there are some form of parallelism with intersections in the trajectory of consumers between e-vapor products, lighter-pure nicotine products and heated tobacco products. We know that heated tobacco products have the highest conversion ability, but there are people that in markets where IQOS doesn’t exist, that have already switched fully to e-vapor products. And there are people that use both. So, we are going to see very different behaviors that are sometimes complementary and nonexclusive. We will see we know that there is dual usage of e-vapor and cigarettes. We have people that may continue using the same amount, of cigarettes and have a few additional e-vapor products. And you will also see heated tobacco products, like IQOS and e-vapor, being used simultaneously. That’s why we developed a portfolio of products that can cater to all consumers and that will see all kinds of combination going forward. So, we are ready to compete with everybody, and I think competition in the category and the ability to switch people out of cigarettes is very important. I mentioned in my remarks, Japan, where we see that not subsidiary performing products in terms of sensory experience dilute the category, and we welcome products that can. So, I think, for us, as a matter of principle, there is room for all products, and there will be no one exclusive user of our competitor in any category. So, I think we know sufficiently, and we have demonstrated over the past year that we understand all the categories, and so we understand all the consumers, okay? So, in our situation, to a certain degree, we’re not in the same market as Altria and I will not comment on the Altria decisions because they have to look at their own portfolio and situation. And they took the decision to make the investment, which I respect. I think nothing has changed in the relationship we have with Altria in preparation of the IQOS launch in the U.S., and I think Altria confirmed that they are fully ready once we get FDA approval to go for IQOS. And we are looking forward to this moment. As far as JUUL is concerned, clearly, JUUL benefits from a certain degree of awareness due to the U.S. market in certain English-speaking countries. So, we’ll see some initial success, for sure, because there is awareness as we had with IQOS, for example, in some markets when we entered, like Korea. But then, we have to see the sustainability of the product proposition, both from a marketing and product performance point of view. But again, there is no one winner takes it all, okay? So, I think we have to go over this, this initial excitement and discussion, who is going to be the winning technology, who is going to be the winning brand. I think there will be many brands. I believe IQOS is already a very well-established brand, as I said in my remarks. If we combine the e-vapor and heated tobacco category, and the e-vapor category internationally is essentially in the EU and has been fairly stable, IQOS has 57% of the entire retail value of both categories combined, and we’re not even in the e-vapor category. We plan to enter significantly the e-vapor category as of the end of this year, including with the devices we showed in Investors Day that are smaller devices to cater to different consumers’ needs. And that’s why we also said we increased a little bit the CapEx so that we have capacity to develop this to commercialize this product. And I think we are ready for competing. The only thing I would say is JUUL, I hope they learned their lessons regarding certain undesirable target audiences that we are very careful and extremely wise about. And I hope that the Altria participation will increase their attention to unintended audiences. That’s all I have to say.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. So, a bit limited initially on IQOS 3 and IQOS 3 moved in many markets, so we made the product available only through our own retail and e-commerce. And we also made the product, so we had limitations, and I have to say we’re very pleased with the initial reaction. People understand and appreciate also the IQOS MULTI because that was a clear consumer need. We have combined sales of both, and that’s very good. And we also continue selling IQOS 2.4. So, although it’s a limited sample, I would say, because we are not national and in every retail channel with IQOS 3, the first indications is things are happening the way we had foreseen are happening. And the comments from the consumers are good. And if you look at more to use Net Promoter Scores, we have improved also significantly the Net Promoter Score of IQOS in Japan, in particular, and in other places. And at the same time, we see new user acquisition, even with this limited availability of IQOS 3 increasing. So, it’s early indications, but they are good indications, and we see the same in other markets. We’ll give a bit more color and granularity in CAGNY because we will have a bit more weeks behind us with full availability. But so far, so good. Now regarding HEETS, our reading is they help from the limited markets again we’re in. They help increase consumer acquisition because we cater to people that are a bit more price-sensitive. We have incremental share if you combine both Marlboro heated units and HEETS in the places we were, and that’s why we decided to extend. There is obviously a certain cannibalization because we are, essentially, the only product. But overall, we have share increase, and that’s the encouraging part.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, we see clearly growth in all the markets where IQOS is present, okay, volume growth. I mean, I would not read too much in the forecast of global combined cigarettes and everything because, frankly speaking, we were positively surprised last year by the combustible category as well with more positive volumes than we initially anticipate. All I would say is we are in line with the projection I gave for 3 years down the line, 90 billion to 100 billion, and I would not venture in more precise volumes this year because they are baked in the, at least, 5% revenue growth, okay? In Japan, in particular, if you have noticed from the slides, I don’t know if you had the opportunity to see them, we see growth in the share of IQOS, actually in Japan, in January, the share of IQOS was 16.5%. So that’s very nice compared to 15.4% we had in the previous quarters. I would not it’s in 1 month, and I would not read anything into this, but it’s a positive development. And EU and Russia, as you have seen, we have very positive trends. So, we are very optimistic, but we’ll keep you abreast on what’s happening as the year unfolds.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, I mean, as we expand in different cities, we’ll see additional volume, obviously. We also need to understand, we are in the richest and more affluent cities, and we see continued growth. As we expand over time, maybe the growth trajectories will be a bit slower because we are reaching lower-income consumers. But overall, I think Russia piloted a number of practices, including using digital tools, that show that we can scale up efficiently without necessarily expanding manpower everywhere. And that’s something, now that we have the digital platforms, as I said, and infrastructure available and we’re rolling it out as we speak, should be an accelerator this year and most importantly, in the years to come, with also much more cost efficiency underlying the growth trajectories of IQOS. So, I see I mean, we’re very pleased with what’s happening in Russia. I think it’s a very clear demonstration that IQOS has potential everywhere, even in markets that have less purchasing power. And the testing of the tools show that we can scale with much more efficiency than before. So, it’s all very positive signs.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, we are fairly confident we can then deliver on this. It’s a combination of, as we said, lower spending, much lower spending than last year, but still incremental spending. And the second one is an increased volume contribution of IQOS to the overall earnings. And as we know, IQOS has better margins. So that’s the way I would read it.
André Calantzopoulos: That’s correct. We started the ZBB project. But as you can understand, it’s not going to deliver big amounts of money in the first year because we have to go through the whole process and do it properly, okay? So, I see this participating as of the next year. And we never said, just to be clear, that the $1 billion we are targeting is all money that you’re going to see on the bottom line, but you should see a portion of that to the bottom line. The other helps the incremental investment, so the deltas are not as big as they used to be in the previous year.
André Calantzopoulos: That’s a very good question. First of all, I think we see momentum in Italy. It took a lot of time, if you remember, Adam, to get Italy moving given the restrictions. And I think it’s just the fact that there are more consumers of IQOS in Italy, so start having word-of-mouth, okay? Again, I wouldn’t read 1 quarter as the proxy for the acceleration, but the momentum is there. So, I think, in Italy, finally, we start seeing this better than slow linearity of growth, and that’s exactly what’s happening. And this is ahead of us deploying further of the efficiency tools I described. But this is what you read in Italy, share of the market. It’s nothing to do with inventories and shipments and all these things.
André Calantzopoulos: Yes. I mean, look, volume for the year is a bit difficult to estimate. So, we gave a range of 1.5% to 2%, okay? That’s our estimate. It can come better or slightly worse. It depends on the combustible as well. So, it’s just to give you a flavor of what we see compared to total market, which means we expect share growth in this whole context, helped obviously by the IQOS units as well. But I mean, the key guidance is more than 5% and more than 8%, and that’s how it is.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, as the year goes, I had I think depending on what happens, we’ll give you better forecast for the remaining year. I would stay to what I said at this stage, and that’s all I can tell you at this stage, Adam.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, clearly, we made – first of all and foremost, we made these devices available as an option to existing users of IQOS, especially part of our, what we call the IQOS sphere and exclusive users, okay, because I think that’s fair to these people to have first access. But we also see now sales from people that have never bought IQOS before. I don’t have the demographics to be fair with you – with me, but we’ll provide them in CAGNY. And I would not like – I wouldn’t provide statistics just with 1 weeks or 2 weeks of rollout, okay? So, what I – I repeat what I said before, we also see sales of 2.4 Plus surprisingly because people knew that the new device is coming and still bought 2.4, especially the most price-sensitive consumers, which in my view shows that the strategy works and that there will be people that they will enter the category also through 2.4 Plus. Don’t forget, we kept the previous version at a lower price and we sell the new devices at a higher price, so we have a dual strategy. And I think this in combination with the HEETS that are at a lower price than the Marlboro consumables are for IQOS, will help us increase the penetration of the more price-sensitive consumers, okay.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, we have embedded overall, I would not make specific comments for markets, incremental spending. As I said, it’s much less than last year, but it’s still a lot of incremental spending and I think we’re adequately equipped to compete in Japan. At the same time, as I said, we’re also rolling out digital tools and CRM platforms we didn’t have before. And that should help cause the retention, which we should not forget, including making existing IQOS users that own multiple devices to go back and exclusively use IQOS, which IQOS 3 helps significantly in achieving this. So overall, I think we are in good shape. We knew the competition is going to come. And I think at the end of the day, a better product will increase the full conversion over time and then over time also, the best product will win. But as I said many times, we’re not going to have 80% of the segment forever in Japan. What is important is that the entire category grows over time and I see no reason why the category will not grow. Every indication from what we showed is, is with the right product portfolio, the category will continue to grow.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I mean, if I – as I said, if you take the European Union, we are roughly at 50%, 47% of volume-weighted, if you want, present. So, our share in the European Union would be double in the places where we are present, roughly speaking, okay, so it’s 1.7, I think it would be 3.4, okay, as…
André Calantzopoulos: Yes, look, I don’t have all the numbers. If I recall correctly, Athens is well above 10, because I know, it’s my home city, okay. Actually, yes, it is – the whole region of Attica, including Athens is 14% now, which is pretty high and growing. Milano, I don’t have it, if somebody can help me here.
André Calantzopoulos: Just 1 second. Milan actually is an interest experiment because it’s where we tried the first ways in the past. It was very flat, took us a lot of time to make consumers try the product again. But if I’m not mistaken –
André Calantzopoulos: Okay, sorry, but in Milan or in Rome, it’s 5.3, something like that, okay. We’ll give you bit more color in CAGNY on all this. But for me Milano is probably the most important because it is the most difficult city because of the previous presence of IQOS to regain momentum and we did. So that’s a very good sign, actually.
André Calantzopoulos: Look we go gradually in most of the markets. As I said previously, our objective, I mean, we are at 43, call it markets today. The priority is to expand nationally to see the full potential in these markets, now that we can scale up efficiently. And during the year, we may open new markets if there’s strategic opportunity or the regulation changes, but the focus is to expand nationally in the markets where we are and that’s what we are following, okay.
André Calantzopoulos: I have not – I don’t have the calculation, but traditionally, our transactional currency is 10% of the total currency impact. If I can use this as a rule of thumb, I don’t think it’s more than that.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, we look at the share buyback regularly. And I think for the moment, the conclusion is that we follow the plan. I think Martin explained that if we look at the 3-year period including this year, it’s in the outer years that we will be in a position without losing our rating to restore share buybacks. I understand it may be tempting for – to do this, but I think we have to stick to the plan because I believe that some of the impact on the shares as I explained is due to our lower-than-expected initially performance, but the reality is also there is a lot of uncertainty that I’ve been trying to clarify. And we’ll clarify even better e-cigarette categories, e-vapor worldwide and heat-not-burn and all the interactions in CAGNY. I think it’s a necessary anxiety there. And in this context, I think for us, our focus is to deliver the results quarter-after-quarter and get the growth of the products. And I’m sure investors will appreciate these and have the share going up rather than doing very opportunistic share repurchases rather than based on a clear plan when the time is right for them.
André Calantzopoulos: No, I think the excise tax – if you look globally, the excise tax environment is fairly stable. I mean, yes, there are occasionally, there are 1 or 2 markets that have more than regular increases. On the other side, we have the positive surprise of Indonesia, where the government decided not to increase excise taxes, okay, so which would help volume. What I was trying to say in my remarks is we have to see 2018 as a very exceptional year because of Russia comparisons, that’s a major contributor to pricing, obviously, given its volume size. Russia 2018 comparisons were compared to 0 almost pricing in 2017. Also in the Philippines, because the illicit trade went away, we had the opportunity to get very significant pricing in ‘18. Obviously, that would be more regular now that we rebased our pricing in the Philippines. So, the overall environment I think of pricing has not changed. It’s very robust. It’s there. But all I said is we have to look at ‘17 – ‘18 and ‘19 as 2. And if you add the 2, we are very much in line with the rest, okay. And we have already taken 60% plus of the pricing so far. There’s still a few markets that the price tax situation has not settled, but this is not anything major. I think overall pricing is very much in place and intact.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, IQOS MESH is only in our own e-commerce and a few stores – actually, our own stores in London. For us, it was the experimenting again to see whether the flavors we offer are acceptable to consumers, whether the product itself is acceptable and then improve before we go for much more widespread expansion of the product. So, it’s very difficult to judge what is the potential. I think we learn what we need to learn. Obviously, we’re there with the devices you’ve seen that caters more to the pod and mod, big vape or bigger vape consumers. In Investor Day, we explained to you that we have also smaller devices that cater to different consumers. And we are investing in manufacturing capacity for those devices and related cartridges. Overall, I would say the consumer feedback we receive is very good. They recognize the product is better, much more robust, batteries, detection of end of liquid and all these things. Now we need to integrate them in the smaller devices and that’s what we’re doing just now for rollout. P3 is a bit – we’re preparing the industrial designs for the product. The product is stabilized. Clearly here I see the potential more longer term and more situational use of the product, their full conversion at this stage. So, it’s not something we roll out immediately, but all in very selected places in order to get better understanding. And in Platform 2, which I think is very promising, as we know, we’re working on resolving one problem that in humid climates we had some problems with the heat source, that there were some fall-offs occasionally and that’s – even if it’s very small, it’s not acceptable. So, we are now working – I think we have a solution at lab level. We’re working on how to industrialize the solution before rol-lout. So that’s where we stand on all this.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, IQOS in every market we’re in has better margins than cigarettes. As a matter of fact, there is no one single market where we have lower margin than cigarette.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay, we’re talking about marginal contribution here, okay. As we explained many times, in all major markets, clearly, we are breakeven or above. But it takes depending on the market and the difficulty of consumer acquisition based on the restrictions, we’re between 1 year to 2 years before we get to breakeven point, okay. So that’s how I would read it. I think Jacek showed all the details during Investors Day on how to do it at different markets. But that’s the rule of thumb, if you wish.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, heated tobacco products are excluded from the menthol ban, so we don’t see a problem with this, of course, we need to maintain it. And for cigarettes, we are ready clearly to offer consumers some alternatives, but what we saw from markets where there is a menthol ban, nothing happened actually. People switched to the same brands very often with different variants of the brand. So, I don’t expect any major thing to happen in Europe even with the menthol ban.
André Calantzopoulos: Conversion rates are the same. And in terms of quitting rates, we don’t see any change in the trajectories in Japan, which is the biggest market. If you look at cigarette or IQOS, it’s – the advent of IQOS has not changed the trajectories of people quitting smoking. So, I think we are on the right side there in terms of concerns of regulators and public health people.
André Calantzopoulos: That’s a big question. I think in principle my belief has always been that this product should be not taxed at all, okay? I’m just trying to be real because a reduction of 95% or 98% is a humongous reduction, okay, if you talk heat-not-burn versus e-cigarettes versus everything. Now we have to be also realistic, that’s why the – there will be some taxes. There are taxes on heated tobacco products, some countries tax e-vapor products because at the end of the day, ministries of finance need money. What is important is that there is a differential and substantial differential between the two. And that’s something we have achieved so far in all the markets where IQOS is present. And I think that’s something that in the foreseeable future should be maintained. So now if we look at the two categories, as I explained, consumers will decide at the end of the day how they will behave. The important thing is they move out of cigarettes. It’s – because the only way to achieve harm reduction in global is to have a very high degree of people switching out of cigarettes and sticking 100% to the product. So far, heated tobacco product has proven to be much more efficient in doing this, but also e-cigarettes played a role, and then there will be people that can use both. And when we have nicotine products, maybe they use all three of them depending on the situation they are. So, you will have exclusive category users and you have dual category users as we can see already and that’s why there is room for everybody. On IQOS, we have various platforms under the IQOS brand. We focused initially on the heated tobacco product because we thought and we have the proof that it has the highest efficiency. And now time has come for us to offer more products to consumers. And as we explained also in Investors Day, eventually, we will also have a product that has – use the same device with different consumables, e-vapor, heated and potentially nicotine, so consumers have absolute choice without the hassle of changing devices all the time. Now that’s a bit more future music, but that’s where we go. And I – that’s why I say there is room for all kinds of product in the consumer journey over the years and within a day. And that’s how I see the category.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, it will include eventually e-vapor products, but the essence of our projection was based on IQOS to be frank with you, okay. So maybe e-vapor will become incremental on top of this volume.
