Jacek Olczak: As we said in the remarks that we expect the EU to be above the 4%. There are very strong volumes in the EU in the first quarter. Obviously, as you’ve noticed, also in our remarks we said there were some movements in – held by some inventory movements associated with the last quarter closure of the factory in Holland, which is the main supplier, but still excluding for those movements, I think we had a strong start. I think in a view of the pricing which we’re taking in EU, I think is prudent at this stage to hold that for a cusp of 4%, but we see – as with volume momentum in a number of markets, very importantly Southern Europe, but also other markets. And the rest of the world, I think general for the full year, the outlook is that the industry volume should be better than last year. It’s difficult very precisely to quantify now, but we could feel that volumes in the EEMA region, Asia, Latin America, there’s more of the structural improvement going forward. So I think we remain optimistic about the volume outlook for the full year for the industry and obviously for us.
Jacek Olczak: I think the investment plan in terms of cost which we plan to spend for this year, I mean, the pricing of tax rate as per the plan, so I don’t think at this stage that we need to go back and reinvest. The brands and the commercial organization is well invested, the proper resources are allocated behind iQOS, that’s obviously going to be a second part of the year, end of Q3, more Q4 type of a spend. So this will impact obviously our results in the quarters. As I said, yes, the first quarter was somehow hedged by the inventory and as I mentioned Korea pricing, so this boosted the better performance. But even if I were to exclude this inventory movements and the Korea one-off pricing, we would have a very strong double digit growth in the quarter. We don’t see at this stage that we need to go and to change our investment plan. As you noticed, we reconfirmed that we expect the total cost base ex RRP to stay in the range of 1% ex currency obviously. But we’re pretty confident that we will fund it.
Jacek Olczak: I think the confidence is coming – I mean, the one-offs which took place in Q1, I mean, they were all well estimated by us in the original guidance. I think this underlying momentum continuing from the last year which gives you more confidence that you can raise the guidance. So even as I said before, even exclude Korea and some inventory distortion, the underlying business in the EU but also in EEMA very much, as I give you that support, in your thinking, in your estimates for the full year, which prompted us to increase the guidance by $0.05. Nothing what we have been working on very hard last year, since that this was a temporary type of a solution, I mean, the permanent improvements in Philippines, we hold the share in Japan despite some blips in the quarter, EU is continuously delivering. So I mean the things that we spend our time and our efforts in the organization last year properly, so I think we build a solid base for this year. This is what it is.
Jacek Olczak: Marlboro, as I said it on a number of occasions I think CAGNY, at the CAGE most recently, Marlboro is in a good shape. I mean, I think the way we improve the equity of the brand over the last two or so years, helped by the commercial [indiscernible] Marlboro Gold, now going to Marlboro 2.0 Architecture, I mean, all these components, I think, the things together, and Marlboro is responding in a number of geographies, it’s not just one or two places where we see the Marlboro uptake. The Marlboro 2.0 is just at this stage roll out in about 48 markets and we foresee that by the year end we should be in about 100, a bit more than 100 markets. So that’s an effort which we’ll continue. So I think Marlboro is receiving continued support in terms of Marlboro 2.0, plus market by market with a pipeline of innovations which is going to hit also later the year the market. So I’m confident about the Marlboro performance this year.
Jacek Olczak: Maybe I’ll start with Solaris, I think I mentioned this before. The reason we went with Solaris into the market first, I think the Altria product is compared to what you have available in the market, a very good product. And more importantly for us is also to go and test and learn how they’re selling the cigarettes, how a commercial organization should be adjusted, how you handle the trade, the supply chain, the communication with consumers, et cetera. I think before you start engaging larger geographies it’s just simply smart to go and test the waters in a more contained geographies, in this case Spain, and apply this learning which should greatly help us with the resource management going forward. Now, coming back to the iQOS, look, as I said, whatever we see – obviously there are differences between Milan and Nagoya and the differences are driven by the distribution spread, as much outlets handling iQOS in Milan than in Nagoya, there is a big difference in the communication possibilities, marketing possibilities, it’s much more open and broader reach which we can get in Japan. Obviously, this is reflected with their awareness levels to start which are about twice as high in Nagoya than in Milan. But if I drill it down to the number of consumers who have already purchased iQOS and the acceptance levels, how many have already adopted iQOS as a permanent product, as a main product, how many still are in between using about half of an iQOS, half of a combustible cigarette, and obviously there is a growth which using iQOS very rarely, occasionally and still stays with a combustible cigarette, this results are at least as far, if not better, which [indiscernible]. So if you go back to our test results, which I think we showed with investors during the Investor Day last year, we’re showing well above the 30% or above 35% adoption, I mean, the full adoption of iQOS today among those who have purchased it. And as I indicated, the uptake volume of the HeatSticks is in a continuous growth. I can’t remember how many weeks essentially since the launch, we can observe the sequential growth in HeatSticks. But obviously, adoption takes time, this is a new technology, it’s not something which the consumers are so broadly familiar, so it’s a lot of work to be done. But we’re very enthusiastic and optimistic based on the result which we see in this market.
Jacek Olczak: From the volumes, actually as much as they’re related to the typical timing differences between Q1 and Q2, which is mainly associated with the timing of the Easter holiday in various geographies, I think most of the volume are locked in Q1 and you will not have that, we shouldn’t have an impact of those volumes going into Q2.
Jacek Olczak: Due to the excise tax increase in the industry, we increased the prices, so there was a net price increase. Maybe it’s too early to call it, but I think what we can see in Australia at least for the first two months of current trading conditions is that the dynamics of the segment growth, mainly the discount segment, have somehow slowed down. I wouldn’t call it a success, but if I compare sequential quarter development last year versus if I take the Q3, very much Q4 and the beginning of the year, you could see some stabilization or signs of stabilizations in terms of growth of the discount segment. So that’s obviously very helpful. I think this is a result of maybe a different pricing, maybe per discounting strategies adopted by the players. So yes, I think we’re growing our share, share in the quarter was somehow flattered by the comps because we had the opening of the last year, but I think that Australia for 2015, I mean, it clearly is less of the size of the drag which we had last year. So I think we slowly, month by month, we are moving there in the right direction.
Jacek Olczak: As far as inventory, I think our shipments in the first quarter was just better than the total market. I think you could see these distortions which we had in Q1 last year somehow clearing – was cleared in Q1 of this year. Now, frankly speaking, the marginal share movement in Japan knowing that the market is very sensitive on a short term basis, like quarterly basis, the pipelining of the product with the competition for the new product introductions, I wouldn’t pay that much attention. We’re watching obviously the situation closely, but I think Japan has enough of the initiatives, including Marlboro 2.0, but also a pipeline of our new products to the market that we should see the share coming stronger in other part of the year. So I personally, we don’t think that this quarterly reading from Japan is a red slot which we should we worried about.
Jacek Olczak: No, I think the inventory adjustments in Russia, I think, they just corrected, the inventories at the distributor level which is more corresponding to the outlook for the total market and more importantly for the share which we have in Russia. So maybe there are some smaller distortions of this shipment, but I don’t think anything of the magnitude which we should expect, nor this was a payback from the last year. I think it’s just the normal course of the business, however, this was more connected with that recovering of recouping the inventories to the right level.
Jacek Olczak: Look, I think so far if you look at the current performance of the business and the way we look at the industry, I think the market holds very well. I mean, obviously, you have a high 9% sort of the volume declines for the total industry, but this has to be read in comparisons to the very high pricing the industry is taking, or we’re taking. So the elasticity is so far okay. We have this disconnect in terms of the macros reading from Russia, but as I mentioned, we looked very carefully into the price segments that will augment over the very recent period. And you essentially have to split in total to start concluding that you have acceleration of growth of the bottom of the market or down trading et cetera. Not at this stage, but as I said, Russia is something which presumably will remain on the watch list for the full year. Having our share growth and pricing, we grew our share for Parliament, so clearly this is not just share in the premium or above premium segment, other brands obviously contributed as well. We just announced another price increase. As you know, Russia on an ex currency looks very good. Obviously, currency has put a dent on the results, that’s very clear. And inflation is high and I think this was the reason why we decided to go now with the price. But so far, elasticity is working as per the expectations, we’re talking 3.4 type elasticity if you take the price increases versus the market decline.
Jacek Olczak: Judy, we usually don’t update what we do with regards to the hedging during a year. I can just maybe help you that if I take a $1.15 impact on our results with the previous guidance, I’ll confirm today in the $1.15, yen just moves in that guidance by $0.01. I said a $0.13 impact last guidance, and I have now $0.14 impact this guidance. So this is not the yen, clearly I think the hedge in place, they’re all in that same, but also I have to admit volatility on the yen is lower than we used to have it at the beginning of the period. Ruble, which I listed in my remarks, improved a lot, because the ruble is just $0.13 now in my guidance and it used to be $0.48, so this is a big improvement. Swiss francs was negative and turned positive in the guidance to $0.10. And there is a whole list of other currencies, obviously euro plays a role, but the yen was – yen played just a one role. Ruble was $0.35 in the guidance, 30% of the entire guidance is the major contributor to that balancing and us holding the $1.15 guidance.
Jacek Olczak: It’s very much a function of how long your inventories you manage to be, obviously there are some limitations, some restrictions in the market, how much you can be, so we don’t have a free ride on this one. But I think mostly that benefit, at least in our case, should be attributed to the Q1, mostly, there might be some slip over going to Q2, but it’s mostly a Q1 event.
Jacek Olczak: Because we’re a bit deeper in the year, we usually at this year don’t give a number how much the pricing we have realized, but you might remember and initial guidance in February when we were announcing full year results, we have said that for the current 2015 year, we have 70% pricing realization. And there were a number of markets which we have taken the pricing since then. So clearly we are higher than 70%.
Jacek Olczak: That’s the impact which we are carrying from Q2 last year – actually from mid of Q1 last year. So this is a quarter where we’re lapping that thing, so with very marginally, but still had an impact in Q1. It doesn’t impact your bottom line very much other than organic growth in the business, it just impacts that your revenues are slightly up and your costs are slightly up versus how we were reporting reflecting our business structure in 2013. So we’re comparing 100% apples to apples.
Jacek Olczak: Clearly, we’ve had a good start of the year, so that – obviously the different pace is going to continue for the Q2, Q3, because there was an underlying strength coming from top line. I think initially for the year, I think we said that we expect EU to contribute in the low single digit. I think I’m definitely confident that they can achieve this one. So let me make the statement at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: Clearly we’re looking into the market which give us the volume and margin opportunity, so for obvious reasons, I can’t share with you today the details. But as I said, it’s the consumer base, it’s our position in the market, it’s the margin structure, so these are the key components which we’re looking into. We have said from the very beginning that initially we will go to the market where the margins will be rather accretive to the rest of our business.
Jacek Olczak: Platform 2, we started [indiscernible] in Spain – sorry, Platform 2 – Solaris, Platform 2 goes on plan. So it’s nothing really to update versus what we have said before.
Jacek Olczak: Look, we have not updated, unfortunately, we’re not in a position to update the currency guidance and this is the component or element which impact our reported numbers and cash flow very much, okay. So buyback or suspension of the buyback for this year is the outcome of that. I mean, we’ll have to see the improvement in the currency outlook is very much [indiscernible] versus all others to be able to go back to that share buyback. So yes, obviously the guidance increase – the outlook for the year increase helps, but this is still, I have to admit, overshadowed by the strong negative currency which we are confronted this year. So we need to wait, what’s going to happen with the currencies in order to take back the discussion on the – come back to the discussion on buyback.
