André Calantzopoulos: Thank you, Martin.In summary, the continued strong underlying momentum in our business, especially the impressive growth of reduced-risk products, is again evident in our first quarter results.The world has clearly now changed, with considerable uncertainty as to the development and duration of the pandemic and its economic and social consequences, including those which impact our operating environment and our consumers.Our business has historically proven remarkably resilient, and we believe we can deliver a solid performance under the current challenging circumstances. Importantly, we remain confident in our structural mid-term growth prospects and, when these headwinds have passed, expect to resume growth consistent with our 2019 to 2021 compound annual ex-currency growth targets of at least 5% net revenue growth and at least 8% adjusted earnings per share growth.Crucially, our organization, liquidity and balance sheet are strong. We will continue to protect and support our employees, serve our consumers and reward our shareholders, which clearly includes our strong commitment to our dividend.We remain resolute in our strategy for a smoke-free future and are convinced that we’ll emerge stronger from this crisis.Thank you. Martin and I are happy now to answer your questions.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Let me take a minute to give some context here on what we’re going to discuss during the call. Okay? The first thing is that we do not see any structural business fundamentals kind of problem. It’s more delays, slowdowns, as you mentioned, in the acquisition, and one-offs during the duration of the pandemic. The second thing, we have assumed that in this quarter, because that’s where we can see, we’ll have lockdowns continuing essentially through the end of April and the vast part of May with some gradual recovery during the month of June, and then it continues. Okay? So, that’s important to remember when we discuss the context.So, what we observe with a high degree of certainty is that Duty-Free impact because there’s no traveling essentially worldwide.The second thing we’ve seen to your point, Pam, is a slowdown in the acquisition of IQOS. That varies market to market obviously because some have stricter restrictions and others much less. So, we have big differences I would say between Japan, who are almost operating with normality with some slowdown and Europe, where we have more slowdown as physically our coaches cannot engage with people and our stores are closed today. So, that’s why I’m saying on average we are around 50%, sometimes higher. Okay? So, I find this, given the circumstances are that the people are confined at home to be very resilient actually, especially since as I said, stores are closed and the coaches cannot physically interact with people, and that’s the right thing to do.We see a much bigger increase -- a high sales through our digital channels. And as Martin said, we’re gearing more and more resources from the other channels obviously to those. That’s for acquisition.For retention, we don’t see any problem. Actually in certain markets, we see people increasing average daily consumption and retention rate and some of dual use being reduced during this period. So, there is no issue from that perspective. And we don’t have also an issue regarding the sales of IQOS, heat to tobacco unit in the market. So, I don’t know if I answer your question.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Again, Adam, some of these things we try to lay out are based on observations. And you’re right. Our markets report some reduction in illicit trade for the reasons you mentioned. Now, we cannot cautiously take the European Union has 10% illicit trade and say this is going to all disappear and appear in the domestic market. So, we may see some, but -- and reasonably so. But, I’m not sure we have taken this all in the number because we are just three weeks essentially in the month of April. And I prefer to remain a bit cautious. But you are right. We are observing this and we should see some impact.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, in the developed markets, we don’t see any impact on consumption. You appreciate these early days and you don’t have data on it, granular consumer research. But all of the elements you outlined are correct. Technically, people staying home have more opportunities than when they are in the offices for the people that work in offices. But, we don’t -- should not forget in certain countries, you are with family and children. So, also you have to be a bit more respectful, so one may compensate the other. That’s why we don’t see any change in the pattern at this stage. But, we all need to appreciate guys that I think we’ve been through many crisis and difficulties. But having people confined at home and not going out is not a situation we have ever faced. And some adjustments may happen in the daily consumption. I don’t think that structure or anything else. We know that markets recover cigarettes after crisis, but this I have no experience to be very surgically precise.But everything you described is correct. And if we go to developed market -- developing market, I mean, we also saw in some countries, as I said, more IQOS used at home, okay, because people are more respectful of families and children and so on. So, that’s where we are today in the developing markets, as I said. Okay. We also need to know, in some cultures, smoking in front of parents and some women may be less -- more reluctant to fully consume. That’s compensated obviously, as you say, by some opportunities more. So, all-in-all, that’s the best estimate we can make today. And I’m trying to be as transparent as possible on what we know at this stage.
André Calantzopoulos: I mean, all they are assumptions at this stage, but they’re not relating to price elasticity, in my view. It’s restating to do you go, and will governments allow that you take in one or two places a price increase in the middle of a crisis, I don’t think psychologically from a consumer point of view is a right thing. So, these are a couple of months or a month delay. But in the vast majority of the places, we don’t see any price elasticity in the short-term. Now, in the long run, I don’t know what the impact of COVID is going to be on the world economy. But, if the world GDP comes down substantially for a longer period of time, you may need to revise elasticities. But as you know, in cigarettes, it is very rare that we need to revise elasticities, except in very big price increase.
André Calantzopoulos: That’s a very good question but doesn’t only apply to us. Okay? I’ve said it many times. Resilience equals a little bit of redundancy in the system in general. And thank God, we had inventories and we had action plans to obviously build inventory, so we saw the crisis arrive and materials and everything necessary to make it happen. Not sure that’s the case for every business with just in time deliveries and trying to -- so, I think that would be a learning here for everybody.Now, as you know, in our business, as I said, we operate with fairly large inventories of tobacco, by the nature of the business, and we have the capability and the flexibility to build sufficient inventory. I think I don’t see anything that we should revise at this stage on our footprint, given the fact also that in cigarettes, we are limited by trade blocks and input duties. So, we think it’s rather optimal. But as a cautionary principle because I don’t think COVID will disappear in one afternoon, it will come back, we have-to-have the caution that this may be repeated at the scale it was repeated this time because we were absolutely not ready as humanity for that. But we have to take our own conclusions of how build even more flexibility in the system. So far, I think we’ve done pretty well. And you don’t see what is behind the scenes on keeping everything flowing. I think, the guys in the Company have been miracles, given the circumstances.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think, we can adjust the pricing obviously when necessary. My view is, pricing plays a role in the IQOS acquisition. But as I said many times, it’s also a lot about convincing people to make the step. And sometimes pricing is the excuse. If you remember the remarks we made in February, the only place we can really see, they need both to have a tiered system in terms of device pricing. And at a certain stage in terms of consumables is Russia where in certain cities we’re reaching really the limits of the premium consumer. And we are doing this with IQOS 2.4 plus being at the bottom end of our range, although more expensive than any other competitor. But as we always said, we maintain flexibility of this and we can adjust pretty rapidly once we recover business. Just now that’s not our issue. Our issue is more the limited ability to have the contact with the consumers and the point of sale.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think we should look at this as one piece rather than trying to cap it because I don’t have the super exact science in dissecting this. So it’s an estimate. But, as I said, even if we look at the other numbers in there, even if I take inventories, we assumed in inventories that the buildup of safety stocks we’ve done in certain countries, invest in the course of the month of March, will be fully paid back. Now, it may not happen, and we also have a reduction in inventories that we’ve seen in certain countries and Duty-Free because retailers got a little bit worried about the situation, we will not recover them during the quarter.So, we’ll put probably the worst scenario in there to be on the safe side. But, all these are flexible fixes. I can’t predict them in time. So, we’re trying, as I said, I repeat, to be as transparent as possible in this day, given the uncertainty. And I would stay there because me venturing any particular number, I can only be wrong.
André Calantzopoulos: Now, what is going to happen in the second quarter, other than what I explained, I can’t say, I -- we don’t see in most of the markets any change in average daily consumption, except for the developing markets that have the specific things that I mentioned. We have not measured it. And it’s very difficult, if I pick a market like Philippines. Okay? Yes, there is some sales decrease just now. It is possible that is part of the average daily consumption because it’s a stick sales market, and people have less money. It’s also possible that in some areas, we had some temporary out-of-stocks because it’s a cash economy with a lot of retailers going to wholesalers to buy. And until the whole system recombines and starts working properly, it takes some time. So, I wouldn’t attribute the lower sales, if you wish to, on the average daily consumption. But, I have to assume people that don’t have a job for a period of time and they cannot have the daily salary, they will buy less for a period of time. And in my example, I said, okay, if average daily consumption is nine cigarettes in stick sales and you go to eight, it’s a big difference for a month or for weeks. Okay? That’s how I see it.Now, if we assume we come out of the crisis gradually as of June, we should see the situation coming back. Okay? And probably the economy that can recover faster in this casual economy because it will just -- the limitation of people to move and do business as usual, once that resumes, I assume, we’ll recover it. Now, the question is temporary, as I said. And we don’t know how temporary is temporary. It’s not unlikely worldwide that we’ll see an ease by government because now the health system starts getting to a point, they can handle an increase number of cases. But we may have another slowdown in six months. God knows. Okay? That’s why we said, we give quarterly reviews. And as we advance, if we have any better data for the shareholders meeting that is forthcoming, we’ll give you an update as well, we’re learning as we speak.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, it’s primarily due to lesser acquisition during the period. Okay? Also, as I said, as the device life expectancy increases over time, we have less replacement. But clearly, during this period, our focus has been, and we repurpose part of our sales experts, if there is a problem with a device, we repurpose the people to do the delivery and service to consumers. So, we don’t have an issue from that side. And I think we’re doing a pretty good job from that point of view. I think it is essentially related to lower acquisition as we have assumed if it happens.
André Calantzopoulos: Yes. We do loan devices, obviously with super accrued sanitary measures for the devices are new. And then, we do the guided trial by digital means. The coaches or the sales experts are operating from home and teaching the consumers. Currently, the consumers may have a bit more time. So, it’s much easier to do it than in normal times as well. And that’s how we operate. And I think, I was surprised that we maintained such high level. It may be a blessing I would say because that helps everybody, consumers on one side and our organization to move more and more into digital and learn in this crisis that you can do a lot of things from remote as well learning by operating from home by the way. So, that’s a good thing. And maybe we can further increase the sales this way, which over time would allow us to optimize the infrastructure costs that we have. And we’ve just gotten a boost I would say in a direction we’re going in any case.
André Calantzopoulos: Look, we haven’t seen any of those things today, obviously. I think, governments will look for money, but they also know that regular tax increases are the best way to maximize revenue. And frankly speaking, if we look at the packages, the world is pledging to deploy, I don’t think cigarettes will cover even an infinite fraction of it. Now, it’s something to watch. This is pretty clear. But, we have no signs today of anything of this nature. That’s what I can see at this stage.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, I think, to your first question, I haven’t heard of any difference in what we call the adoption funnel. Once a person is contacted, typically we have a very high purchase rates, because very often the people that come to the stores or the digital assets are people that are aware and frankly convinced. And obviously, the ones that come to our digital channels now are the most convinced. So, actually maybe we’re higher, I don’t have the numbers, we can come to you, than we used to be on average before, which is normal. Now, cigarettes is a bit more difficult to predict. Clearly, I see for IQOS, the momentum is there. And once we can resume the direct contacts also to people, we’ll get back on track. Because I don’t see any change in the momentum. I’m very impressed actually that during the period we are where we are in terms of new consumers switching to IQOS.If you look at cannibalization rates, obviously, it would be less cannibalization if there is less acquisition of IQOS. But if that lasts a couple of months, I don’t see that will dent any of the two. Okay? That rest is all the micro thing side discussed during the call, the temporary reductions in average daily consumption in some places. And then obviously it depends on where the world is going to end this crisis, we will see if there is any longer term recessionary impact. But as you know, cigarettes are very resistant to recession in general. So, it’s more a question for a long-term perspective, which today is very difficult for any of us, frankly speaking, to evaluate. Okay? But we don’t see any changes in the dynamics.
André Calantzopoulos: If the restrictions last for the quarter, I think we’re still okay. If they last for a year, obviously, we need to delay the whole thing by a certain period of time. I think, the underlying trajectory is there. So, for the moment, I think that’s how I see it.
André Calantzopoulos: Well, just now, this investment in quarterly basis is a bit slowed down, obviously, because we don’t have all the opportunities available. And obviously, we have flexibility because it is variable. Now, at this stage, we need to see when we come out of the crisis and if we need to double the Q1 resources for a period of time in order to catch up and if that makes sense from an investment point of view. So, we have flexibility there. If there is no opportunity, we will not spend all this money. And obviously, it will move to next year. That’s how I see. Just now, it is a slower spending, obviously. The difference is despite the incremental investment in digital that is reallocating money.
André Calantzopoulos: Okay. Thank you all for joining the call. I understand there are exceptional circumstances for all of us. I would like to say that we don’t see any problem in our business fundamentals, actually they remain very strong. I believe all of these things are temporary, but the temporary is the uncertainty. We tried to be as transparent as possible and give you as much granularity as we can. I think, overall, as far as the PMI operations are concerned, we are in fairly good shape, given the circumstances. And I hope that we move out of the crisis as soon as possible, so we resume business. But overall, I think the outlook for me on the longer term is -- remains the same as very positive. And we’re very committed short term, to make sure that our operations continue, our employees are safe. And I think we’ve done well there, because that’s what will make our business stronger when we come out of the crisis.So, we’ll keep you up to date. As I said, we have the shareholders meeting. If there’s any news, we’ll let you know. And bear with us in this period of uncertainty.
Martin King: I’d just add to that. Pam, we’re also not seeing any drop-off in conversion rates. Conversion rates, in fact, they’re looking quite strong. So, the underlying business and retaining consumers and conversion consumer is going great. Obviously, your ability to have the face to face interaction has little bit slowed down, but we’re switching as fast as we can to more digital channels.
Martin King: The first principle that we’ve undertaken is that our investments need to align in the new situation. In other words, we are, if anything, putting more money into those aspects which will help us recover momentum and get back to growth as soon as the lockdown ends. Hence the focus on where we can add some investment around digital and around the programs which will have a bigger impact later. But clearly, we’ve gone through our projects as well to see which ones are hampered by our inability to operate right now and need to be retimed and move some of the spending further later in the year or even into the next year. And we’ve also looked again at our list of projects to prioritize the ones that maybe had not as good a return and try to mitigate some of the impacts of what we’re seeing from the COVID-related.So, overall, our cost savings are on track. If anything, we will accelerate some as we can. And then, our investments part is also lining up to the new situation and giving us the biggest bang for our buck. So, we are looking long term and looking towards the growth momentum that we can attain as we come out of this.
Martin King: It’s exactly right. It’s a matter of when they can get out there and start inspecting. It’s not a matter of not wanting to do it. It’s purely for their issue with their inspectors.
Martin King: Adam that’s pretty close to Q2 estimate of $0.12. It will be roughly that in Q3 and Q4 at prevailing exchange rates, $0.11 to $0.12 something like that.
Martin King: Yes. I mean, when you look at the second quarter for example, we already had expected a pretty weak second quarter due to the dynamics out there on how we were wrapping pricing in Turkey for example where you had a big market gains before in the previous comparable periods against a 40% price increase that we’ve had since then. We were looking at Mexico with the different timing on the price increase and the way the trade inventory we were working being a pretty big headwind. So, we already had looked at Indonesia. We knew that the big impact was coming in Q2. So, the Q2 guidance we’re giving is actually if you unpick it, it’s actually what we had expected before it’s purely the COVID-related. We would have ended up without COVID after the first half being right on track with our full year numbers and hitting 9.5%, 10% EPS growth, right in with what we had thought we would end up for the full year.So, when you go forward and say what are we going to do for the rest of the year? We’re going to basically be giving you each quarter one quarter ahead, what the COVID-related impacts are and trying to adjust to new news around lockdown timings and recoveries from consumers and so forth. And that’s what we thought was more prudent, given that the underlying business is in fine shape or doing exactly what we thought. But it’s very difficult to predict how this COVID-related piece is coming out. So, we can’t really give you the full-year look right now, but we can give you each quarter ahead as best we predict what will happen given the latest news that we have.
Martin King: No, we have some -- as André mentioned, we have some watch-outs in there, around average daily consumption, around down-trading in certain markets. But, it’s not really a price elasticity point of view. As far as pricing goes -- price timing, we have to be cognizant that in the case of lockdowns and in certain periods, it may not be wise to take some of the pricing at exactly the same timing we had in the original plan. So, we will have to look at the timing of pricing in certain markets. In some markets, we will likely need to delay some planned pricing. On the other hand, we will look forward out into the year and see what we can do to try to compensate for that. So, it’s more around timing of price increases that have to be rephased and rescheduled. And there may be -- likely will be some lower total pricing during the year than what we had originally planned just because you run out of runway, as you give up some of the windows due to the lockdowns, et cetera. You run out of runway to make up for some of the pricing that you will not be able to take over the next, say couple of weeks, months because of lockdown.
Martin King: Yes. I mean, the Q2 number range we gave you is all in and includes our best estimate for basing of the cost and spending, including the additional focus on digital and some of the other areas where we can invest now to help us retool and be able to recover more quickly. So that number is all in because it includes things like, yes, lower travel, other cost spending categories that just aren’t happening because people are working differently. It’s all in there. Yes.
Martin King: I think it’s more of a comparison year-over-year, just because we had some adjustments on device prices in the second half of last year. But, we’re now comparing and lapping to the first quarter of last year when those adjustments hadn’t occurred. When you come into the second half, I think you’ll find the device pricing much more stable versus the prior year.
Martin King: Yes. Q2, absent COVID impacts, net revenue would have been pretty much flat, a little bit. But the impacts of these other volume events that I mentioned, like Mexico comparison, Turkey comparison, impact of Indonesia, we’re already going to pull our combined volumes down, minus 5.5% or so,, 6%. And therefore, the net revenues would have been just a little bit positive, not much, but a little bit positive, almost flat. So, what you’re seeing now with the COVID-related impacts layered in is it’s already built on a fairly weak quarter pace that we had flagged already going back to CAGNY and to year-end call as well. That’s the first quarter. So, you have to look at the two in the context and take them. That’s why I made the comment that if you average the first two quarters, absent the COVID impacts, we were right on track with our guidance, even frankly, a little bit ahead.
