Jacek Olczak: I'll start with the last part. I mean that the impact as I said is about RUB11 at pass-on so it's around the same level as we had last year.
Jacek Olczak: No, not really. I guess it's sort of the same increase as we had last year and there was this 1 percentage point change in ad valorem, but I don’t think it’s going to change the dynamics between the segments. What you see in Russia on the consumer level is, yes, the consumer is looking for value. He is looking for a value. No don’t question about it I mean that the premium segment, if at least judged by the share of Marlboro and especially Parliament, I mean it will hold pretty strong pretty well. There is down-trading. We observe a down-trading in the market, but more between the mid and the value segments. This is where the extra price promotions or delays in the price implementations are most frequent. We're also launching our own initiatives in this segment. So I guess also the share pressure which we have in Russia this year I think we should start being on a positive share territory in 2017.
Jacek Olczak: Not at this level of detail that go into these discussions, but I can say that we have a number of places in Japan where the existing smoking bans have been lifted due to the fact that iQOS is not a combustible product; therefore, there is no burning, there is no smoke. So we will have to see how this is going to evolve. But in a current environment with the restrictions for smoking, et cetera, as you noted, iQOS continues to gain the penetrations in the markets, so I don't think it's going to stall the growth prospects of iQOS in Japan.
Jacek Olczak: We wouldn't change the expectations for the industry volumes, which we have shared during the investors day. I think the trends are pretty much known at this stage I think there's some improvement will continue into the 2017. Specifically to us, I think and then I start maybe with the Latin America and Argentina. I think the consumer is adjusting to the prices pretty fast, obviously to the price increase. I think this high inflationary environment somehow, somehow helps. So I think sequentially we should see some less of the pressure from the volumes coming from or the clients from Argentina, Algeria which created quite the pressure on our volumes in Marlboro including Marlboro this year, we start seeing the first signs of recovery. It's going to take a while, but at least on the trend line we crossed the lowest point. I think already in Q4 and going into 2017 I think the pressure from Algeria and North Africa should ease Indonesia. I think the tax proposal, which came from the Ministry of Finance is manageable. You're looking for the just tax pass-on of about say 10% versus the 15% increase which took place this year, so I think this should be helpful. In additions to the fact that I think at least judging for the last few quarters performance of our share there, I think we should have a less – in fact, all share losses in 2017 than this year and hopefully on a bit stronger market than we have had in Indonesia this year. Philippines is a completely different story because it's all questions: how much we manage our mix to the positive territory. And so far we are very successful with up-trading the markets to Marlboro, which continues to grow and it's a very strong growth. Actually, we would like to enjoy this momentum for a longer while. Even if there are some pressures on the total industry volumes coming from the lower parts of the market, I think we would be fine with this. Pakistan, which also put quite a dent in our volume this year – it's presumably the most difficult to predict the market, because of the other forces which obviously play a role there. The contraband I think recently has reached about a third of the market, so the question is: where is the level of separation and that's it or we can expect worse than this. But again, from a financial perspective, it doesn't have that much of the impact. It doesn't have that much of a financial impact. So and Russia, the tax increase is also pretty manageable on the high side, but comparable, like we had this year. And as I said earlier, I think Russia should also turn the corner when it comes to share declines, so next year I guess on a similar sort of the market dynamics, we should have less of a volume leakage due to the negative share performance.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, these brands will, in most cases, actually have a pretty low margin. The two big brands which are in our categories is to be a fortune, and very much a Jackpot in Philippines. So these are the brands which have a near zero sort of the margin territory and a lot of consumers are going from these brands to Marlboro, so we actually, through the positive mix, are improving pretty fast our financial situation there – our financial results there. We will have also brands in Indonesia in this other category which are not necessarily on the higher end of the margin spectrum. So I would rather say brand like a Jackpot in the Philippines we would presumably treat or we are actually treating this more tactically. Fortune is a little bit different. It's a brand which we do manage and we stay focused, but we do also recognize that, at least at this stage, Marlboro due to the closer of the price gap is a more attractive proposition for the consumer. And we are absolutely fine with that. In Indonesia, many of these local brands are the brands which we do support but we also try to focus on what is less dilutive to our margins.
Jacek Olczak: Conversion, I don't I have a fresher number than what we have showed at investor day. There may be a few numbers which I still remember because some of these KPIs we are tracking weekly or even more frequently. I think at Tokyo – if you might remember, the Tokyo market share of the offshore at the investor day which we shared was 7%. We now stand at 7.3%, so we continue to growth and the same is for Japan. I think a national off take share the last week or the third week of September which we have shared during the investor day. 5.2 now turns to be 5.5. You see the pretty rapid share advancement; you’re talking 20 basis points, 30 basis points in a span of a couple few weeks. I have the same in Italy. When I think the share in Italy, the launch area was 60 basis points, 0.6. And now I think we lifted this last week of – sorry, first week of October I think the reading would be 0.8. Switzerland we lifted from 0.4 to 0.5. The penetration rate, the number of devices sold continues to grow. So I think in all geographies, from the top of my head, there was a continuous growth momentum very much in line of what we have shared with the investors at investor day.
Jacek Olczak: We see less and less of a proportional representation of former Marlboro smokers compared to the underlying share of Marlboros. But, clearly, the iQOS is making more or less significant inroads into the competitive combustible portfolio. Now how much really we have left unhappy consumers in Japan at this stage, I know that they are waiting release. I know that the consumers have to enroll by name of this release, but to be frank, I don’t have a number at this stage. The number is somewhere, but clearly we will see how much of that backlog, if you like, of unserved consumers we will have the moment when we leave the cup which we estimate to happen somewhere in the end of the Q1 next year when we will be very comfortable with our HeatSticks supply. But my gut feeling is we’re not talking about a 5% or 10% unsatisfied demand. I think the number is much higher than that.
Jacek Olczak: I think so. There might be some movement. I think Russia should be – the Megapolis should be okay. I think maybe there’s some movement in North Africa around some of the structures which we have in Egypt, but I think we should be pretty much in line of what we could expect there. There are some currency – the currency movements might have an impact on this line. As you know, we have had some exposure in Egypt on the – we have to take a dollar exposure in Egypt and there are some limitations in availability on the dollars in the country, so we might have some distortions of these lines coming from North Africa, Egypt as I mentioned.
Jacek Olczak: We should have in Q4 of this year the strongest pricing variance compared to all the quarters. We are looking in well in the north of $500 million pricing variance in the quarter and actually maybe even closer to $600 million. We should have – all-in-all in the fourth quarter we should expect above the 10% uplift on the revenue quarter on quarter. On an ex-currency basis. As I said, this – the growth in the fourth quarter, on the one hand, will be coming from the favorable comps which we have on the cost, while we still continue spending obviously more behind in iQOS, but this is more on the combustible part of the spending compared to the Q4 last year. But we also are looking into – we expect to have quite a significant uplift in the net revenue and corresponding contributions to the bottom line.
Jacek Olczak: The raise is doing well so obviously due to the margin, geographical margin split – on a geographical basis the mix is working in our favor. If you go into individual countries, the countries with the worst mix in the quarter were actually Indonesia and, if I recall, actually was UK. But overall – but that’s it essentially. When it comes to iQOS, yes, obviously we’ve already start adding the support to the revenue growth and it’s going to be even stronger in Q1 of this year already. I guess when we close the year we will start talking more about the financial impact of iQOS, at least at the revenue level, but there is already some volume impact. You know we have a capacity of about $7 billion available this year. We sold a bit less than $4 billion, so I think we’ve been very transparent what one can expect from the volumes of iQOS in the fourth quarter and that’s going to help lifting the revenue growth quite a bit.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the pricing is at the Marlboro level, as you remember, plus remember in the revenue line we also have devices because we are selling the devices as well. So you have an uplift from the volume at the Marlboro price in a given geography, plus obviously the taxes and also the price at which we have – the volume at which we’re selling the devices to consumers. They both contribute to the revenue.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, I think if you will take the full-year impact, iQOS clearly is already a significant contributor to our business there. Look, I have to actually thank you for raising these questions, because I should say how proud we are that in one year we managed to sort out the share pressure on our conventional business in Japan, despite the fact that part of that share we had to gain through the cannibalization to iQOS and, in addition, we saw successful with iQOS. I think the market share – the biggest dynamics now which you will have in a market I guess is the cannibalizations in both months between a combustible category, including own portfolio and iQOS. But the share leakage which we have to other taste segments or new taste segments, it seems at this stage that we have very successfully addressed. So it’s pretty remarkable results actually for our Japanese organization.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, I guess two questions actually. Sorry, two facts which would help maybe better predict the currency on your side of ocean. On the right is your elections impact decision about the interest rates so I am a little bit more remote from this one. I guess the number of currencies, if I look at how currencies were playing against us this year – and remember we started Q1 I guess it was at $0.19, Q2 we were $0.08 on EPS, Q3 we are $0.04. So clearly we could see that the number of currencies started to put less pressure on us. A currency, which I singled out during the investors day, which many of us sometimes tend to forget, we had some exposures in North Africa and in particular in Egypt. So the Egyptian pound is a little bit of the worry. I don't know how they are going to relax the currency rules and how much it's going to translate into the devaluation. Other than that ruble is doing pretty okay. Euro, Japanese yen, some of you know that we hedge; we already hedged some positions in 2017, but the yen already started to contribute positively in the last few months, in the last quarter definitely. So – I – we’ll have to wait until February when we will be post elections, post the Fed's decision and presumably these two big unknowns will be removed we will see how the market price the currency at that time.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we are still selling devices, not to the level where there is the demand for the device. As you know, without the device you cannot trigger the consumption of HeatSticks. But we somehow manage the growth or limiting the growth to the corresponding growth in the available production volume which we have. The capacity which we have, 7 billion, this year is not the 7 billion divided by 12 in equal installment per month. It's very much in adding back. So the peak of this annualized capacity is going to be in December this year. So, yes, we can add some devices, but we are not satisfying the whole demand for the devices from the consumers. And this demand is a default is newcomers – people who want to leave the combustible category, quit smoking and they move to iQOS, to heat not burn – but also existing consumers who want now a second device, et cetera, because they, for the convenience, whatever other purposes, they want to have more devices. By the way we are selling more devices week after week, quarter after quarter but not the extent or the demand is for the devices in the market.
Jacek Olczak: I don't think a quarter is actually a good way of looking at things. There's always distortions. If I take nine months this year, year to date, I think the total distortion, if I remember, were in the tune of 200 million units by total volume. It's a lot of things which will net of over the period time, the timing of the shipments, the inventories, et cetera. If I take Q3 on the year-to-date basis versus Q3 year-to-date basis last year I think the total due to the shipment, timing of the shipments inventories would be about 200 million units.
Jacek Olczak: But we’ve added recently Denmark. I think we added – we're about adding Holland, Canada I think we talked about this I think at investors day. It's getting dynamics to this point that I think we will be more giving of updates on a quarterly basis, what we have done in a quarter, than proactively start talking where we go because it's becoming a little bit like a map of United Nations.
Jacek Olczak: You are almost correct, but not fully correct. The pricing variance will be up to the $600 million – $500 million plus up to $600 million you’ll have about $500 million or so in the comps. Not necessarily it means that the costs will be get down, but in the comps, Q4 on Q4, you will have in debt $500 million higher spending on iQOS, or RRPs, but less spending in that quarter on combustibles. But I think, for modeling purposes, I would just think you all have uplift in revenue through the price and support of the volume coming from either some improved trends, but very much for the iQOS and better comps on the cost Q4 on Q4.
Jacek Olczak: No, but look, we have taken some costs ahead of the tobacco product directive implementation – there were some related costs in a number of markets in the EU. We accelerated that spending in Q4 2015 and most of these initiatives have already taken place. And in many countries the tobacco product directive now is in the physical product implementations in the shops of all infrastructure retooling of machines and all the other associated costs that have already been incurred. Therefore, optically it looks like we have less spending on combustibles in Q4, but this is in comparison to Q4 last year.
Jacek Olczak: I think the release on the cap on devices will happen towards the end of Q1 next year – of 2017. Capacity is always two numbers to – it's a pretty dynamic situation the two numbers to remember. We have available total capacity this year over 7 billion, but in December annualized, our capacity times 12, is 15 billion.
Jacek Olczak: From December that wants to figure it out, what is my underlying capacity for the month of January, for example? The first month after December it's 15 divided by 12. And then we adding 15 January, February and every month after that, so we will have a commercial capacity for the full year of 2017 of 32 billion, hopefully a bit more than 32 billion, and we will close 2017, i.e., December with 50 billion capacity. If you take January 2018, my monthly capacity is 50 divided by 12.
Jacek Olczak: But if you remember then will be in the mode that we can add 4 billion capacity per month, if needed, if we start committing the capacity in the early part of 2017.
