Louis C. Camilleri: Well, our ambition is to continue to grow our share, David. In January, our share was 28.3%, fourth quarter was 28.2%. We also have a plethora of new products coming up. So in terms of share, our ambition certainly is to continue to grow share in this important market. And I think we have a number of exciting programs there. I think also in terms of the macro picture, the markets performed much more strongly than we had originally anticipated at this time last year. Ultimately, volume was only down about 10.5% last year. And you may recall that our concern was it would be down about double that. So it's not just a share story, it's also volume story. And I think in terms of our presence in convenience vending, generally in terms of consumer engagement and trade engagement, we are very competitive. And as I said in my remarks, we have increased our spending in Japan.
Louis C. Camilleri: You're right to point out that Marlboro in Russia has been an issue for us, and we've clearly devoted a lot of resources to try and find a solution for Marlboro in Russia. We have beefed up our organization considerably. And the good news is that last year, starting last summer, we did one main test in the city particularly focused on Russia and Marlboro's potential there, and I must say the results of all the activities that we did in that city in Russia provided excellent results and really moved the needle quite considerably in terms of Marlboro. It also pointed out some of Marlboro's weaknesses to us. But I would say that probably for PMI, that market test was not only important for Russia, but a lot of the learnings of what we did there would be applied elsewhere in the world. But going back to Russia, what we did, it was in Yekaterinburg, you will see that there will be expansion this year, and we anticipate more spending in Russia. Marlboro's been losing share for some time now. I think we now have to focus on its issues. We know what to do. I'm hopeful that we can grow share. Whether it will be a significant brand will take quite a lot of time, David.
Louis C. Camilleri: No, I don't think Indonesia is going to be growing at 20% volume rate. I think it's generally strength across-the-board, Judy. If I look at our share performance in the fourth quarter, and I'm talking just share here, in the vast majority of markets, we did better than the full year, so it shows that we have momentum. I think the big difference is that we anticipate that volume in the EU will be better than it was in 2011 because a lot of the issues are potentially behind us. Southern Europe remains a concern, but we still believe that we can do better in the EU than we did in 2011. Asia and EEMA will continue to propel our growth and we also believe that there are growth prospects in Latin America and Canada because share performance in Latin America has actually been quite spectacular. But obviously Mexico was a big issue in 2011 with a significant decrease in consumption, which affected the whole region's performance. And as you know, there's no tax increase in Mexico this year. So hopefully, we're looking a much better comparison than we did in 2011.
Louis C. Camilleri: Well, it's a downside I can actually live with. But I would say that you're right, Japan is obviously a significant profit center. I think in terms of growth going forward, we had proven that, in fact, we had probably cracked the pricing freedom issue back in 2010. Now clearly, JT is the leader there. You know that the government is targeting reducing their stake in the company. And from everything I read, JT is focused on becoming much more shareholder-friendly in terms of dividend, share repurchases, et cetera. So I think pricing freedom per se is likely to get better over time. This year, we do not anticipate any tax increases. And we think we have significant share growth potential in that market. Going to the rest of Asia, we believe that Asia will continue to be the growth engine of this company, and that there is still a lot to accomplish in our existing markets, but also in virgin territories. So yes, the rest of Asia will certainly grow faster than Japan, but I wouldn't write off Japan at all, Judy. I should add that we anticipate that this year, partially because of the strength of the yen but despite the huge hurdle we face, we anticipate that our income in Japan will be higher than it was in 2011.
Louis C. Camilleri: Okay, I'll try to give you a brief summary. You may have read that the government has filed its defense in the High Court a couple of days ago, I believe. And there is a hearing on procedural matters, I believe, on February 23, and we'll take it from there. One of the focus areas will be on the facts behind the claim in terms of we believe that there's been an acquisition of property and the government does not believe that there's been an acquisition of property. And the court will have to decide what are the relevant facts related to that specific legal claim, and if there's disagreement on those facts, that may delay the whole process. If there's agreements, there's likely to be a decision in late summer or the fall. But from everything we see, it seems that there may be significant disagreement on the factual components of the claim. On the BIT claim, where we stand is that both parties have chosen the arbitrators that represent them. And those 2 now are scheduled to choose the third one. So that will take a little while. And really, the case won't really start until this summer. But it's likely to be a 2-year process at best. And in terms of the WTO, there's not much to report other than we are aware that a number of countries have expressed a strong desire to make a claim against Australia to the WTO. So we're really in the early days of all the litigation efforts, the 3 key efforts, but we remain vigorous in our intent to pursue our rights vis-à-vis Australia.
Louis C. Camilleri: I'm not sure, Erik. Clearly, they're all watching Australia with a close eye. The legal situation changes depending on the geographies. I think that there are a number of countries that are looking at it very seriously, New Zealand is one. The U.K. is starting a consultation phase. But I think that in most instances, people will realize that Plain Packaging does not achieve the objectives that those acts would hopefully entail. In fact, there are such huge unintended consequences that I think it would be detrimental to public health. And it certainly will not reduce consumption of cigarettes, which is the main aim here.
Louis C. Camilleri: What we've said is if you look at 2011, the increment of the special situation in Japan, the $0.15 was through the third quarter. For the full year, it's $0.18, Chris. That was the impact on 2011. If you now look forward to 2012, we clearly have gained share and we've retained that share. So that's in the base, which is this 28.2%. Hence, the -- really which happened in the second quarter of last year where the share was significantly higher than that, that actually is the way we view the hurdle for 2012. And therefore, it's a different number and that number is $0.10.
Louis C. Camilleri: I would certainly hope so, yes. And we still anticipate a number of programs behind Marlboro. It has suffered in a few markets. But even if you take the European Union and you separate the south versus the north, the north has done much better. And we're confident that we can still improve that situation. In the south, essentially Marlboro stands alone in the premium segment, everybody has vacated that segment. And we had programs in place in terms of lathering the brand through the Core Flavor extensions, the Pocket Pack. And that seems to have been quite successful. If you take Greece, Marlboro share is actually up in Greece, which is quite a spectacular performance. So we'll see as things unfold. But clearly, our ambition is to ensure that Marlboro continues to grow and actually hopefully outpaces the total volume growth of the company.
Louis C. Camilleri: Well clearly, because it's a luxury brand, Bonnie, it is less sensitive to price than a brand such as Marlboro. And it has proven to be extremely resilient. There has been a lot of innovation behind Parliament, so far extremely successful. It's a very special brand. Its recessed filter has been copied by others in a number of markets, Turkey, in particular. But even then Parliament continues to grow. So it has a good presence in a luxury segment that is less prone to down trading and we're seeing the results, which are pretty spectacular. I don't know what else I could add.
Louis C. Camilleri: Okay, let me attempt. We talked about Japan earlier, and I think Japan will always remain a very important market for Asia. Korea, we feel very good about Korea in terms of its share growth. We just took a price increase, and Korea will continue, in our mind, to show long-term growth. Our share may suffer a bit because KT&G has not increased its prices. But within the portfolio, we feel very good about our business in Korea. Indonesia, I believe, will continue to be the growth driver in Asia for many, many, many years. Philippines, we mentioned earlier. I think Philippines has the potential to be a top 5 income market for the whole of PMI within the next 7 to 8 years. And then there are all the other markets that you mentioned where we are seeing growth. I mean, what was phenomenal in Asia is that Marlboro gained share in every single market in Asia last year. And in terms of share, we gained share in every market, with the exception of Pakistan. There are territories such as Vietnam which I think will be a market for the future, which we are doing well in and I hope we will continue to do well. And then of course there's China, Bonnie. And I would hope within the time frame that you're talking about, somehow we will have a presence in China, which completely changes everything in terms of Asia because there would be a paradigm shift.
Louis C. Camilleri: We are ready. And we have invested in terms of resources and we continue to do so and to ensure that we have the appropriate talent as well in all these markets.
Louis C. Camilleri: I think you sort of covered it all in your question. It's a combination of everything you just said. We have a number of programs in place. And we have exciting programs that we're now implementing and we're putting money behind it across numerous markets. I've sort of highlighted the key ones. Germany is the first market we've used the new Marlboro campaign, which we started in the fourth quarter. And we're very hopeful that, that will move the needle in terms of Marlboro in Germany. And clearly, that campaign will be expanded elsewhere and there's a lot of excitement generated by that campaign. And we continue to build on the Marlboro architecture in the line extensions, and I've mentioned a few examples in the European Union. But if you take Asia, some of the line extensions have been frankly quite spectacular. Ice Blast in Japan has been a phenomenal success. So there's a lot of excitement behind Marlboro, and we're putting the money behind it. But it's not just Marlboro, it's Parliament, it's L&M and it's Chesterfield, where a lot of work has been done in terms of brand portfolio, the actual brands themselves, the campaigns, the consumer engagement activities. It really is all coming together.
Louis C. Camilleri: We anticipate in 2012 that we will actually increase our marketing spend and investments. And the beauty of our margins is that the returns are pretty rapid.
Louis C. Camilleri: You're right, it's still small. We're really only active in 3 cities today. And the reaction both from the trade and the consumer in those 3 cities is actually excellent. Marlboro continues to grow its volume every month and we're pretty excited about Marlboro's prospects. And I think we would like to get a more solid footing in those 3 cities before we start expanding. So it'll be a slow process. We face a formidable competitor that clearly is not going to give us an easy ride. We're fully aware of that. And I must say that the progress I've seen in Marlboro in India and specifically in those 3 cities is very, very promising.
Louis C. Camilleri: I wouldn't go into the actual drivers. But yes, we see pricing opportunities in the Philippines over the long-term as being quite significant. Much will, of course, depend on what happens to excise taxes. And there has been talk of a reform of excise taxes, we'll see. So far, there have been debates in committees, but nothing concrete as of yet. And it seems to be that at least for the foreseeable future, the current excise tax structure will remain in place.
Louis C. Camilleri: No, I feel quite confident that over time we can handle the excise tax increases that were implemented in Indonesia. As has been the case in the past, they were not excessive increases and they're quite manageable. And we believe that Indonesia will continue to rocket ahead in terms of both volume and income.
Louis C. Camilleri: Illicit trade continues to be a huge problem. It has expanded quite significantly in a number of markets. And yes, you mentioned Spain. But illicit trade is increasing not only in Spain but in Greece, in Italy, in Germany, in Mexico quite dramatically, and remains a big issue in numerous Asian markets. So it's a plague. And we're doing everything to fight it. And hopefully, we can have more success going forward. It's a big problem, but it's also potentially an opportunity because you would hope that at one point those volumes will return to legitimate trade. And I think governments are more and more focused on ensuring that they don't open the door to further illicit trade by huge tax increases. But it remains a big issue, Rogerio. And we've made progress. I think if the world could adopt the industry's tracking and tracing system, it would help considerably. The advent of what are called illicit whites has become a huge issue, and we need to tackle the source of those products.
Louis C. Camilleri: Pretty well, yes. I mean, the Russian market in total is down. But in terms of the trends, the segment trends, they are showing signs of improvement. So it's looking quite good. And I think there is considerable consumer confidence in Russia.
Louis C. Camilleri: Nothing really to report on inventory levels. We are hopeful that we can return to constant currency income growth in EU. Last year it was down, in part driven -- in large part driven by Spain. I think Spain alone, if I recall, was close to 3 percentage points of growth or lack of growth in EU. And our hope is that we can grow income in EU, which wasn't the case last year, Ann.
Louis C. Camilleri: Well, the whole EU is on it now, which clearly is a cost hurdle this year or at least for 3 quarters. Others have looked at it. Nothing seems to be on the horizon yet. But I would anticipate that over time, most of the world would probably go in that direction, Ann, [indiscernible] although it doesn't make much sense.
Louis C. Camilleri: I think that clearly not enough has been done in terms of fighting illicit trade. I think the reference you made is actually being made less and less because the fact is law enforcements, authorities throughout the world recognize the role that the legitimate industry is having in fighting illicit trade. The bulk of illicit trade today is counterfeit products and illicit whites, by far the bulk of the illicit trade. And I think industry, government stakeholders, as well as consumers need to combine forces to fight this plague. It's been successful in a number of places, Canada was mentioned earlier. Romania was a good example, where illicit trade has been forcefully addressed and has declined quite significantly. It's still there, double-digit, but it's come down by some 40%. So it can be done, but it requires cooperation from everybody. And regretfully, there is so much money involved in illicit trade that at times it's difficult to get everybody's cooperation. But we are very focused on that and, in fact, intend to invest more behind the fight against illicit trade.
Louis C. Camilleri: You would hope that if the minimum price is actually adhered to, that clearly would help. Illicit trade in Brazil is not a new problem; it's been 30% of consumption for as long as I can remember. And it's basically 2 sources, one is Paraguay and the other is local manufacturers. I think the Brazilian government has focused more and more on the local manufacturers with some success. But it is an issue. I think that, as you know, the new tax reform is over a 3-year period. There will ultimately be one uniform tax rate applied to all cigarettes. I think that is a good thing. It may cause some short-term disruptions. But in terms of the longer-term prospects for that market, I think the government has made the wise and right move.
Louis C. Camilleri: Before I pass it onto Nick, I did want to mention, because you all know Nick very well, that today is his 25th anniversary with Philip Morris International, and obviously before, its parent. And I think it's quite fitting to thank him for the 25 years, and that we would announce such spectacular results on his 25th anniversary. I'll now pass it back to Nick.
