Emmanuel Babeau: No, I don’t think so, Chris. We are organically before ForEx down for the first nine months with a number of impacts that we described due to the situation, of course, of strong disruption on the supply chain coming from the war in Ukraine and the situation in Russia. We have, of course, some element, of course, attached to the development of IQOS ILUMA, and that is, of course, playing. We have a lot of air freight that is impacting the margin. So, you have a number of temporary elements that I’ve been with us since almost the beginning of the year, and that drove the operating margin down. I think that it will take a little bit of time for us to be removed. But we also have seen, for the first line, something that is going to obviously stay with us, which is the inflation. We are seeing an inflation level for the time being around mid-single-digit. It could strengthen further because when we look at the number of inflation in many countries, it is above this mid-single-digit numbers. As we’ve been saying, we are entering into the renewal of a number of contracts that protected us to some extent on the way we are buying energy and the number of components. So, that means that this part of inflation is going to stay. But in Q4, actually, with a more positive mix and some maybe one-off having a lower impact, we are expecting rather a better situation on margin evolution versus the first 9 months. So, that’s the opposite. We expect the Q4 that should be in terms of margin evolution, better than the first nine months.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, Gaurav, on that one, we have to clarify. One thing is the ITC process where indeed there was a decision from ITC. But otherwise, on the federal circuit, I would say, for the time being, there is rather success on our side. One of the family of patents that has been claimed by BAT on their case with IT was actually recognized as not valid in front of a U.S. court. So, I don’t think that you can draw a parallel between what happened in the ITC and what is happening on the federal level in the U.S. And we believe that the domestic manufacturing is giving us a clear path and the capacity to reenter the U.S. market.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes, Bonnie. So no, there is nothing to do with the device in the guidance. You’re right. We have slightly been moving the bracket for the HTUs volume, not massively, were 90% to 92%, and we are now 89% to 91%. So they are still part of the bracket that is the same. Clearly, we see some compensation at the level of a very robust combustible business. I think, I’ve been flagging that in detail in the presentation. And that is giving us this visibility on higher growth in volume than what we were anticipating so far, and we are raising the guidance to plus 2% to 3%. We have been raising the guidance for revenue as well with the low end of the bracket that has been raised to plus 6.5%. And then, we have the same adjusted EPS, notably because we see costs that are probably potentially a bit higher than what we anticipated a few weeks ago. So, that is giving us the same bracket for adjusted EPS. But in a nutshell, that is how the guidance is evolving.
Emmanuel Babeau: I’m not sure to understand your question, Priya. I mean, the offer is in Swedish krona, so we’ll pay it in Swedish krona. Now, what we’ve been importing is the fact that the price increase that we are offering today corresponds to the impact of the currency fluctuation since the day of the announcement in May between the dollar and the Swedish krona, noting that a significant portion of the cash flow generated by Swedish Match is in dollar. That’s it. So, I’m not sure to understand your question.
Emmanuel Babeau: We can make our calculation. We can provide you with a number of shares of Swedish Match and you can make the calculation. So, in dollar terms, I think the amount is slightly lower. But again, please take into account the fact that Swedish Match is not 100% generating cash flow in dollars. Okay? So, you cannot just take the dollar amount at 100%, to be very clear.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, on the inflationary pressure, of course, very difficult to give a kind of definitive answer because this is a very fluid situation and with significant evolution. Today, if we assume that at a certain point in time, the inflation we are facing will be in line with the inflation that is seen in many countries. Yes, that would probably mean that the mid-single digit could go to high-single digit. It can be a bit more complex than that because, of course, it depends on which kind of element of inflation we are exposed to. But that could be in some areas an evolution for next year. Frankly, too early to say. And also too early to say when is going to be the climax of that. Is it going to be at the end of this year in terms of cost increasing, are we going to see more inflation through 2023? I think it’s too early to say. Of course, for the -- I mean, we’ll monitor the situation, but I would say energy price is energy price, but I mean there is not much we can do. We still need to buy energy. The answer for us is, of course, to react with price increase. And I think you have seen in our Q3, an acceleration of our price increase. We are getting at almost 5%, which is showing the capacity depending on what’s going to be the environment and whatever it is, to mitigate the impact of what we’re going to see on inflationary pressure with price increase.
Jacek Olczak: Hi Chris, it’s Jacek. Not really. If you look at the down trading type of a pressure, we still don’t see really an acceleration of the tracks, right? So obviously, we see the Indonesia, Philippines under pressure. But it’s not much really changed versus what we have seen before. Now, one could argue that in some geographies that the inflation has a bit of a lagging sort of evolution but nothing today. And you could see also from the shows of Marlboro, right, that we will look pretty strong on the premium propositions. Okay? Despite the fact that we’re taking the pricing and there will be pricing -- more pricing to come.
Jacek Olczak: So -- I mean what stands behind the success of IQOS is really the front-end consumer interface, right? That’s the commercialization aspect, which makes -- is one of the key elements of IQOS success, which we measure as the highest in the industry rates of conversion and adoption of IQOS and therefore, switching from cigarettes. Swedish Match doesn’t have it, right? Swedish Match is the component of the sales force, which is essentially in store execution, but IQOS success hinges on that business-to-consumer component. So, in above scenario, obviously, that’s the investment, which is front of us, but vis-à-vis a great -- the market size and the profitability pool -- and the profitability pool. So, Swedish Match adds the component of the sales force, which is the in-store execution. Obviously, it would be nice to have them, but this is not something which is unique in a sense that -- you cannot make it or attain it organically, for example, right, or other options can be at the table as well. The uniqueness of an IQOS is again is the commercial engine, commercial activations. If you follow us closer, we have spent enormous effort in behind the consumer journey and automating, digitalizing all touch points with the consumers. And that’s the value which we will be bringing. We’ll have to invest, but the know-how is on our side.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we have asked for some understanding, not getting the questions on the Swedish Match deal, like the fact of life is, it is SEK 116 and the 90% acceptance level, okay? And this is where we see the value of Swedish Match, the maximum of the value to Swedish Match today, and I will not comment beyond this whole fact. I think, it is a fair market price, fair valuation of the company for the both, group of the shareholders, PMI shareholders, Swedish Match shareholders, both long term and short term, and we will not comment beyond this one.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. I mean, look, the directional -- you’re right. I mean, obviously, building the infrastructure looking from a scratch requires several hundred thousands of employees now in the scheme of the 80,000 employees, which PMI has, it’s not the first time that we’re building an organization from scratch. And you’re absolutely right that the initial years, couple of years will be on the laws as frankly speaking, we had with IQOS in every country in which we enter. And you’re following us closely, you know that we have achieved on markets, the faster path to the breakeven that we had in the year one or two of our smoke-free journey versus what we’re achieving today. So, it’s a ton of learnings, it’s tremendous learning and capability in our organization, as I call the internal know-how and the systems, et cetera, which we don’t have to reinvent again. So, we know pretty well the blueprint. A lot of things have been attested, et cetera. So, U.S. market will enjoy or leverage that sort of the things. So, summer next year will come with the more visibility on how we see the spending and the path. I think in the release, we have said that the most logical -- based on our experience and the success on international, most logical milestone near term, so let’s say, 2030’s 10 [ph] share point of the market, which if we see where we are in other places and what we achieved six years after to date versus now I add the six years plus/minus to the current 2030, 10%, I think we will execute accordingly. We have -- and Emmanuel, in his remarks made it very clear. We’ll fully stand behind, including monetary and the human resources to deliver the success -- is well overdue success of IQOS in the U.S.
Jacek Olczak: The case which we have with -- the ITC case with -- started by BAT is with regards to the IQOS 3.0. ILUMA is in a completely different path.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. So, with regards to the confidence, Bonnie, is that -- look, this confidence beyond -- or behind IQOS is growing every year, every quarter. I mean, you see the results on the international markets and we have the markets when we -- slower markets, when we faster. But the potential for IQOS, the heat-not-burn is there, okay? So, if we look at the U.S., I don’t think -- I cannot find the reasons why in the U.S. we cannot replicate to come close to the success of international. And the 10%, if you like, the first double-digit number, which we are obtaining after six years in any other geographies and taking into considerations that U.S. starting with IQOS 3 that we will be also working to bring faster the IQOS ILUMA to the U.S. and our international success has been built on IQOS 2.4, 2.4-plus. So, the U.S. is starting the journey with IQOS, the much better moment from a product perspective of our capability perspective, understanding this entire category that we’ve been in our international markets. So, this is what the confidence is coming from. And the second question with regards to the Marlboro, IQOS TEREA in Japan is now by X factor bigger than the HeatSticks Marlboro. And this was the last market, which we still have been using a Marlboro trademark of our heat-not-burn consumables. And as you know, at the very beginning, six or so years ago in a few markets, I recall it was Switzerland and Italy, we started with Marlboro and very early in the journey, we have almost overnight, we branded that thing and we dropped the Marlboro from the brand, from the proposition. And I actually believe that we have a Marlboro in international, and this is a great brand, but on cigarettes. And I have no doubt today that we are on the path that we can make IQOS as iconic brand on a global basis as in the past we have made Marlboro. So, I don’t see this as an impediment or bottleneck in our strategy in the U.S.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean, we’re planning to file for PMTA with ILUMA to FDA next year. So, as we’ve seen recently, the factoring in the timing of outcome of dealing with FDA is a little bit of a challenge. But there will be -- ILUMA, obviously, in this 10%. I won’t give you the number now how much of the 10% is hinging on ILUMA, but let’s take it again differently. We have a few markets very successful, but still very few markets when ILUMA plays the role today in our portfolio. And if you look, for example, for the European Union, almost entirely, the success of six years in commercialization of IQOS is built on the IQOS 2.4, 2.4-plus and at 3, 3.1. So, these are the products which we have a relatively clear path to grow in the U.S. So, there will be ILUMA, but it’s too early now to say how much of the 10% will be there. Obviously, for us, it’s -- ILUMA offers benefits even further than the blade technology. But on the blade technology, this is where we are today, 6 years in PMI. So, I think we’ll -- we don’t have to solve that equation today.
Jacek Olczak: So, thank you very much for your attention. We’re very happy that we spent our review, especially in this very important moment for us that our key strategy focus -- strategic focus over the last good few months, if not longer, is how to find a much more clear and predictable path to the U.S. has been achieved towards the -- achieving the deal with Altria gaining the full control of IQOS. So, we’re very happy that you spent this hour with us today. Thank you.
