Hermann Waldemer: Well, I would say -- as you say, I mean, if you look at the numbers year-to-date, June, $1.1 billion for the half year versus actually $1.7 billion for the full year of 2010 last year. I think these numbers speak for themselves. You were quoting a number of markets where we recently have implemented or announced price increases. That's correct. At this point of the year, I think it would be inappropriate to go into further details because any comment I would make could be interpreted or linked to a specific market. So bear with me, I think it's better if I stop it there.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I think our inventory levels are okay in the Japanese market. I mean that was really the tremendous effort that we have made now during this period. I mean, congratulations really to our team in Japan, there. They have done a terrific job in difficult times for the country and for our employees there. Also, congratulations to our factories. I mean, 10 factories actually have been involved in the production ramp up. Our factory workers, production workers, actually have put in 200,000 of hours of overtime during the period, and we actually chartered the equivalent of 150 Boeing 747 cargo planes to bring 10 billion cigarettes into the market. So I think we are good from that side. I mean, if you go back to really what happened in the first half of the year, as you said yourself, the full year with all the moving targets that remains to be seen. But if you look at the first half of the year, then well, you look at the total market of 90 billion cigarettes, we had a share of about 25% January, February before the events. We have a year-to-date share of 34%, that's 9 percentage point difference or 90 billion. So I talk about 8 billion cigarettes here. You make your own estimate of the solid margins that we have in Japan. There was the airfreight. There were other costs. You deduct our corporation income tax rate and you'd probably come into the range of a net income impact of $200 million or something like anything in the neighborhood of $0.10 to $0.12 EPS.
Hermann Waldemer: That's correct. I mean, we would have started really April with a share of about 55%, May 40%, June, 35%, and the very latest I've seen in daily offtake share now, which is not the same basis, but just if you go to a couple of the important c-store chains then I still see shares slightly above 30% as we speak now. But these are not yet what I would call retention shares, that we have to wait a little later into the year.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, our teams there have really given full support on the distribution side. I mean our sales force they have been in the market day and night so both the sales, the promotion, the logistics departments, they have been working very, very hard. This I don't think is the moment where you need to bother the consumer with new variants. This is the moment that you have to support your broad array of very competitive variants, and we have seen really, as I said in the remarks, real strong growth in all brands but in particular, strong growth in Lark, a more traditional brand, if you like, but also in Marlboro, which is a very aspirational brand in the Japanese markets.
Hermann Waldemer: Quite frankly, if I look at what happened, what we have seen during the process, it gives me confidence in the growth prospects of Marlboro in that market.
Hermann Waldemer: That's correct. I mean, when it comes to pricing, as you know, of course, I will not make comments on the future but I mean let's -- I'll give you some facts here. In that market, you are correct that there were price increases of BAT and JT in April and May. We have also seen the biggest competitor KT&G putting posters into the point of sales, informing their consumers that they will not raise prices. A third point would be that the government -- the Korean government is very concerned about inflation trends and as I was saying before, PMI seeks excise tax reform, a multi-year plan would be much more important. So things are a bit more complicated just to look at first glance. I would say sometimes in life, it's not enough to do the right thing. You also have to do it at the right time.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, the $0.10 to $0.12 that I have just explained, I mean that is the first half of the year that is the actuals.
Hermann Waldemer: I would call it the optimal way of seizing a business opportunity which our folks have done and have implemented. I think that's really what it is. But to come back to the beginning of your question, when you look at the overall EPS guidance, then you have to remember that of course, at the very beginning of the year in February, we had a certain assumption in there for our business already in Japan, you remember there was a price increase and everything. And then when it came to the first quarter, we said that about half a year about $0.05 of the increase business guidance, the increase now was due to Japan and now in this quarter's call the majority of the new $0.10 business-driven increase is due to Japan. But not only due to Japan, I would also want to highlight really the terrific performance we have had in Indonesia and also by the way to the fact that if you exclude Spain for a moment, which is a special case by itself, that the total market size in the EU region is stable.
Hermann Waldemer: Of the Spain situation is of course in. It is again a moving target so as I said, the situation has improved. However, that being said, of course, OCI will still -- there will still be a substantial decline if you compare it to last year. That is factored in.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I mean, let me start answering your question by looking at the economy because there is one point in there which I think deserves being mentioned particularly. Whilst real disposable income of the people in Russia, still last year was up net of inflation, about 4% is the estimate. Now in the first half of this year, it's actually down. Inflation is ranging between 9% and 10%. Disposable income therefore probably is down about 2%. At the same time, there were a number of price increases in the market. So whilst we have not seen really uptrading to mid and premium segment to the extent people have all expected it, say 8, 9 months ago, at the end of the day from a consumer perspective, they have uptraded. Because as I was saying in the remarks, well, our lowest price brand is now 21 rubles so prices have gone up quite a bit. In that context, we have seen last year an estimate, there is no absolute number, but a good estimate that the market was down about 2.5%. I expect something of the same nature this year and probably also going into next year but we will probably all have a better feel for that once you have seen the second half of this year.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. I mean, in Indonesia we of course see the combination of a thriving economy, also a favorable demographics. The year-to-date number for the market is actually -- it's up 8.5%. The second quarter was particularly strong because it's kind of easy comps to the second quarter of 2010. The full year estimates we have right now would be 4% to 6% for the full year of 2011.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. I mean, it's really the major impact of the Ukraine market there. That market was down quite a bit then. You really had difficult comps to the second quarter also of last year, where the trade ordered way more at the time because it was -- this was before the subsequent price increase, retail price increases in the market. So this is why I said that I expect already for the Ukraine kind of a stabilizing or a stable market almost in the second half that helps overall. And the other part would be that we are, despite the suspension of our business in Libya, we are also seeing volume growth in North Africa. And thirdly, I think we really have tremendous share performance in the Turkish market.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, we have never any doubt that our pricing plans and expectations that we have put into our guidance from the very beginning, were realistic expectations. Then when you go into the year, well , it always depends on the market-per-market situation. This is government and budgetary expectations. This is the competitive situation as we judge it. And so we take our decisions on our market-by-market basis and as the actual results have shown, we have been very successful in there.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, there are many, many activities within the new Marlboro architecture whilst you will have seen one or the other variant there already in a market, that doesn't mean that the potential for rollout of innovation on Marlboro is already exhausted. To the contrary, there are many more possibilities to continue to successfull rollout of the Marlboro architecture and positive trends in many, many markets are a testament to this. A terrific success on several of the menthol variants, in particular in Asia, are probably a highlight in that context.
Hermann Waldemer: No, that's a permanent activity throughout the year. We don't time that except that you probably don't do a new launch when everybody in the market is in the holiday period, that you will not do. But otherwise it's spread over the year.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, preventing from occurring, that is essentially related to tax structure that is then very often the question of how much -- how high this specific element is vis-a-vis the lower element and the minimum excise tax. The best news of the quarter there, I believe, came out of Greece. There we had a very substantial increase of the minimum excise tax. So I said before $0.50 a, rollover need, essentially at the very bottom of the market so it's always that. On the other hand, in many other European markets where the price gaps are not that large, there are always exceptions but in general, not that large so it's also about being competitive. At the lower end, that is pretty much the success of the brand L&M in the European union region, which, by the way, is the #2 brand in the region, and you know who was the #1 brand.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, Libya is simply the point that we, of course, suspended our business immediately when the suspensions came into place. So year-to-date compared to last year, that is almost 1 billion cigarettes. Nevertheless, if you take a total of North Africa together, we are growing volume in the area but of course we have no volumes in Libya.
Hermann Waldemer: It will, of course, be part of that number but I will not single out the number for Japan only. That I cannot do.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay, I mean, I would say let's go to 3 of the really big and important markets in the EU region, being Germany, France and Italy. And let's use year-to-date numbers, I mean Germany is up 2%, France is up 1% and Italy is stable or a little bit up 0.2% so that is, of course, a positive sign. We have decent tax structures in place. Improvement needs maybe in some, but overall, it leaves the effect of minimum excise tax systems are in place. We have had no disruptive excise tax increases. We have had price increases in all of those markets and nevertheless, we see a much improved trend to what we have seen before. So those are 3 examples. That's why really the total EU number is somewhat distorted really by the Spanish effect.
Hermann Waldemer: I can't predict the future but it's good trends. It looks good because in Germany I gave you the number on manufactured cigarettes. At the same time, all year round, make your own is also up so overall consumption is up. It's not just not a move between the categories. It's more than that.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I would not compare it to the polarization situation. In the Ukraine, it's different. On one hand, we see clear uptrading trends in the Polish market where our premium brands, Marlboro, but also L&M, really benefit from. At the same time you have very intense price promotions at the very bottom of the market and that's probably what's driving the growth there.
Hermann Waldemer: We have had recent reports from sales force which has seen packs of new prices from BAT in retail outlets with increases that seem to be comparable to the ones we have implemented.
Hermann Waldemer: I mean the Turkish market really has taken a severe hit at the time of the excise and price increases that the market has seen. Turkey, typically, is a market that comes out of crisis quicker than others. That's actually, I would say, is valid for the entire economy and not only for the cigarette business. That's what we see again. It's improving there. Now what's still needed is, of course -- some work on the excise tax structure in there, and the ad valorem element is what I would call overproportional. But overall, we look into a more positive situation in Turkey definitely than what we have seen the year before.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, that is included in the total numbers, of course, so this is also at max a onetime short-term impact but then you return to the overall underlying trends of the market.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, really, a percentage number, I don't think I can give that. But let me try to answer your question as good as possible at this point in time. I mean, the biggest market in there, clearly, is Indonesia. And that today is already the second biggest market in Asia after China. The 2 other markets in the world that would be bigger than Indonesia would be Russia and the U.S. and then it would be #4 in the world. So it's an important market. The economy is doing well. Demographics are favorable. I think we have a good chance to believe that this market is going to continue to grow. The same, I think, would apply to the Philippine market. I would say really same conclusions that, to our same underlying reasons for growth that I have just quoted in Indonesia, when it comes to mature markets, when it comes to Japan, well there, you need to give me more time to answer that question before the disruption that we have gone through right now.
Hermann Waldemer: No. No change in the underlying arrangements. There's no need for a change in the underlying arrangements. We are very happy with it. It is, as you know, Marlboro production under license in 2 of the CNTC factories in China, albeit if today very limited volumes and it is on the international side, our international joint venture. So cooperation is going well. I believe both partners are happy with the development but nothing really new, new that I would have to report.
Hermann Waldemer: The full restocking and the availability of all products, i.e. all the competitive products as well is kind of as of now.
Hermann Waldemer: I think 65% payout ratio is a very good ratio and, quite frankly, I don't see a reason why that would need to change. In the international context, that's a very competitive payout ratio.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, we want to get the price gaps right. We don't want cushions in there, we just want to get them right. In many places around the world, I think they are right. In some cases, they need correction. The best way to correct is, typically, via excise tax structure, i.e. in particular, via the tool of minimum tax because it's not only us who don't like down trading, it's also the governments that don't like down trading, be it the finance minister or be it the health minister as well.
Hermann Waldemer: The vast majority of our markets. We have addressed that problem long before and we are in pretty good shape. Otherwise, we wouldn't be able to generate the pricing variances that we are generating.
