Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. The published shares that you see there are also -- I mean on JT's side, the shipment shares, these now in the quarter or year-to-date, are not really representative yet. I mean, it's simply the fact that, of course, the pipeline on JT's product had been empty and has been reloaded now to whatever JT considers to be a necessary level of their volumes. So in terms, really, of what sticks with the consumer, we simply have to wait a little bit until those shipment shares will equal really consumer offtake shares again, which -- as has been the case in the past. For now, I really think that the consumer offtake shares which we measure in the C-stores give you the best indication. This is, of course, not a national average. This is a snapshot. And also, in those stores, our shares before has been slightly higher than the national average. But we continue to see, even now in the beginning also of October, the very latest numbers, and we, of course, look at them every week, that our shares continue to be slightly above 30% with Marlboro shares in there being stable. So therefore, I mean, that, of course, makes us feel good about the retention shares that we will be able to keep and which will form a much better basis from which to grow going into next year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I mean, now, for this year, where we had forecast $0.25 currency favorability still around the second quarter earnings call, that has been reduced now, and we're now at prevailing rates. We expect $0.20 for the year. Well, that's pretty much the number that we have year-to-date. So therefore, I wouldn't talk about unfavorable currency in the fourth quarter, because actually, at prevailing rates, the fourth quarter of this year is going to be a currency-neutral quarter. We will see what the actual rates will be, but at prevailing rates, you could expect a currency-neutral quarter. Going into next year, who can forecast the currency rates of next year? I can't. I would only say we have so much focus these days, again, on the problems in Europe and around the euro. The focus will come back on the United States as well. That's what I would predict going into the -- into next year.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, we will, of course, when we do -- when we come to the guidance for 2012, which will be on the fourth quarter call in February of 2012. There, of course, we will give the updates on what currency assumptions will be the basis of our guidance then.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. I mean, David, there is no concern or no watchout that I would have to raise here for the fourth quarter. I mean, the fourth quarter is -- traditionally has always been a quarter where more of the expense is occurring than in earlier quarters of the year. That's normal. That's nothing new. That's every year the case. I mean, we give full year guidances. And as I just said, I mean, the $0.05 of currency unfavorability, we have compensated with even further improved business outlook. And as of now, at prevailing rates, the fourth quarter would be a currency-neutral quarter. So no watchout. Nothing to worry about. Look at the full year guidance, which I believe is a very, very strong guidance and an expression of our confidence in our business and into our future as well.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I mean, no, I wouldn't say that. It is, of course, disruptive, a disruptive excise increase. It is bad news. But a year ago, we have been discussing Mexico. I wouldn't make much of a difference between the 2 at the end of the day. What I would add and say on Turkey, well, I mean, this -- the excise increase is, of course, a problem for all the competitors. This excise increase is not benefiting the government. I'm convinced about this is not generating really for the mid- and long-term solid increased revenue base. The only one party benefiting from that would be people that sell at the very lowest end of the markets, which is not the international companies, at about TRY 4 per pack, because at that level, their allover need is only 1/4 of what it is at the premium end. This doesn't make sense for the government either. At the same time, we, of course, can expect now a steep reaction -- at least in the first months, a very steep reaction of the tax paid markets. We certainly can expect an increase in the illicit rate. These are all really straightforward, rational arguments which give me the hope that there could be a second step later in the process in this story.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes. We have had that discussion during the negotiation period, which has ended under the Bilateral Investment Treaty between Hong Kong and Australia. However, no solution could be found in that discussion, unfortunately.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I mean, there are, of course, the markets that we know already, like Spain, which are already in difficulties as of today. However, there are a couple of positive aspects to the EU business, really, because you asked the question in a longer context, in a 2-, 3-year context. First, it is really encouraging to see that we see clearly moderating total market declines. So in the quarter or in also year-to-date, we talk about 3.6%, 3.7%. And actually, on a year-to-date basis, half of that is just Spain. So, i.e. all the other markets together are declining not even 2%. Germany is growing. France is stable, and Italy is almost stable. So that's pretty good. What will the austerity measures do? Well, the point really is what will unemployment do. We have seen that, of course, a steep increase in dramatic levels of unemployment, like in Spain, have an impact. I do not see Spain happening everywhere in Europe. This is very overdone. I don't think that's going to happen. So then on excise tax pressure, could be. Of course, I can't exclude it. But given the financing needs of those governments, I would rather see pressure on general VAT increases. In Europe, those could happen, of course, affecting all products, including our products. That being said, a VAT increase has always been manageable at the end of the day in the past. Why wouldn't we be able to manage it -- to manage through these occasions also going into the future.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I wouldn't characterize anything as a one-off. I would say Japan has been an example of us seizing a business opportunity that presented itself in an optimal manner. And a price skirmish in Spain, also, well, that's part of business. What can you do? I wouldn't call this one a one-off. This is just part of the business on the good and on the bad side. Now really, going to Japan in more detail, well, we can -- let's try to quantify a little bit what is the year-to-date benefit of us seizing this business opportunity. I think the fairest way of doing that is that you take our year-to-date shipment share. That is about 31.5%. Our going-in share prior to the events was about 25%. That's a rounded share gain of 6.5%. On a total market of $144 billion, that gives you roughly $9.5 billion in volumes. You apply the very decent margins that you estimate for the Japanese market. You deduct from that substantial air freight cost that was well above $100 million. You deduct from there other cost and investments. We are right now at a very competitive situation in the fourth quarter. And we, of course, do everything that we need to do to support our brands. You take off the tax rates, and you arrive at something in the range of $250 million net of tax or something in the range of $0.15 on an EPS basis. I have done a similar calculation at the end of the second quarter. It was about $0.10 to $0.12 then. I hope that helps.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Exactly. I mean, the most important point, you just said it, well, what is going to be the tax and price situation going into 2012, which is very hard to predict now. I think it's easy to predict that the market decline will be much more moderate than what we have seen this year, because nobody expects a tax and price hike of the dimension that we have seen in October 2012. Where it stands now in terms of tax in Japan is that the DPJ tax council has come out with a proposed law of JPY 40 per pack to be discussed with opposition parties, which we're against. In recent discussions, we also have heard that eventually, excise tax could be excluded altogether from the financing of the reconstruction package. However, let's be clear here. Even an exclusion from that package does not mean an exclusion of tax measures in the ordinary budget. So we will have to see what's going to come out in terms of tax and thereafter, in terms of price, because well, the central approval by the Finance Ministry of price increases is also still in place. So a lot of question marks at this point in time. We will see the outcome, but you mentioned it. I mean, we will, of course, start the year in Japan from a much stronger base than we have been starting the year in 2011.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I mean, we certainly want the EU region to return to OCI growth. Now in the European context, we have seen a number of markets, their brands over the last years have been repositioned to the low end. We have answered that in the markets, where it was necessary, this brand out of our portfolio. I mean, Germany is a much different situation than it has been a couple of years ago. We have Marlboro there. Yes, but we also have today there an L&M, the fastest growing brand in the market. The market -- the brand with the highest young adult smoker share in the market, and we are right now complementing that with Chesterfield at the same price level in the German market. Taken all together, well, the market share in the German market actually has been growing. So our team there, and we have a very strong team in Germany, is doing an excellent job, and it begins to pay off. If you move over to France, that's a different situation there. There, actually, we have 2 growing premium brands. Both Philip Morris and Marlboro are doing extremely well in an otherwise stable market. The market where we are underrepresented at the low end, clearly, is Italy, where our share at the low price segment of the market is well below our overall total market share in the market. So it's a marketing, it's a brand challenge. It's a sales challenge, but we have the portfolio to do something there. And it's not that we wake up to it now. We do something already for the last years.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. You see, I mean, it certainly is not coming from our side, but I simply don't know what the individual inventory situation of competitors is and to what extent they bring volume into the market, to what extent they think that this is the inventory levels that they need. So therefore, I'm just -- I can't know if those will be already the going-in and going-on volumes that are really consumed by the smokers every month. So there...
Hermann G. Waldemer: Absolutely. We had no disruption. We just delivered a little more than we usually did. But we kept our business going all through, but there is nothing of that nature on our business.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Ukraine is now normalizing. Q3 of this year, actually, in terms of comparison benefits from a very weak Q3 of last year. Q3 2010 had to de-load after the July 2010 price increase, which had a load in Q2 of 2010. So therefore, I mean, we are benefiting in Q3 now from these relatively easy comps. And we are now kind of out of that, and we should see now a situation that normalizes in the Ukrainian markets. Let's hope that we have no new disruptions, nothing on the horizon. Ukraine is one of the markets where you never know.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay. I mean, we really don't run our business different if the currency is in our favor or is temporarily against us. We always invest into our brands, into the growth of the future, specifically in Russia. I mean, Russia is big. Russia is not just Moscow and St. Petersburg. So we need to do more there in terms of work for our brands. We want to do also -- to do more there in terms of our infrastructure given that Russia is such a large market, a very profitable market with tremendous potential going forward. So we put the necessary money behind. We are not doing any short-term swings here. This is a strategy that we started to pursue last year, that we are pursuing this year and will continue to pursue also next year. In Japan, it's -- there it's really the fourth quarter is, of course, in terms of point-of-sale presence, in terms of point-of-sale actions, after all the competitors being backed before their products in the market, a highly competitive situation: fight for shelf space, fight for small promotional offers that you make to your consumers. However, please, let's all not forget there is fixed retail prices in the Japanese market, i.e. one-off on prices or buy 2 get 1 for free. All of that does not exist and is not allowed in the Japanese market.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes. We are not happy, I've said that before, with the performance of Marlboro. I mean, it's just 2% share of market in a market that big and that important like Russia is, of course, disappointing for Marlboro, and we definitely think that Marlboro can do more. There is -- again, there is a marketing challenge. It can be that we have such little volumes for that brand in the markets. We will invest behind. We will build the brand equity, and we want to bring that brand also on a growth trajectory as in so many other markets in the world, in most markets in the world, actually.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Yes. I mean, the Q3 market might now be influenced a little bit here and there by retailers loading some competitor volumes ahead of their price increases. So I think you'd best look at the year-to-date one. And the full year estimate is, I don't know, 15%, 18%, something in that range. So yes, it's a continued steep market decline driven by the economic situation there. It will not continue at those rates forever. We will see. We will have to wait now for a new government. We will have to wait for the measures, budgetary measures. I was mentioning VAT. We will see. Whatever the new government will want to do, the price skirmishes that we have had in the market, of course, have so far kind of prevented us to reap the benefits of earlier price increases. Well, I said the skirmishes are over, so at least that benefit should accrue now.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, if you look -- I mean, if you look at the brands there, and now we talk EEMA region as a whole. Then in the third quarter, I see a Parliament growing 15.9%. I see a Marlboro growing 10.2%, and all our premium brands then together by 10.5%. That's pretty good, I would say. If I then look at L&M, which yes, has left -- or has had problems in Russia. But if you take L&M for the EEMA region, it's up 6.1% and on a year-to-date basis, 3.8%. So no, our portfolio is doing pretty well. The negatives, you have a lot of heritage brands. But the future, of course, and the profitability is not in the previously local acquired brands. It's in our international brands in that part of the world. So pretty happy about the overall performance of our portfolio, thanks to Duhair and Gatness [ph].
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, the vote in the Senate hasn't taken place. We will see when it takes place. As the Health Minister herself has said, it might -- or that probably will lead to a delay in the implementation date. We are, of course, ramping up the legal cases that, as we said, we will vigorously pursue all the avenues, the bilateral investment treaty case but also other avenues, domestic and you name it. So we are, of course, in full swing to be ready for this situation.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I think I said earlier, if you have brands at the very lowest end of the market that have an allover need of TRY 0.7, whereas it's TRY 3 around at the premium end, then it's no longer a mathematical exercise and you have to protect your entire brand portfolio, which is what we did. But as I said earlier, I would still hope that there could be a second step in that story later, because the rational arguments are clearly on our side.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, Saudi Arabia is an important and very profitable market for us. A year or 2 years ago, we had some share problems there. We are doing well. We have implemented a price increase in the otherwise very, very profitable Saudi Arabia market. So that's really what it is.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I mean, let me answer it that way. We have a huge basket of currencies that play into the overall results. This year, year-to-date, the currency that is bringing the biggest variance, positive variance, is the yen. Last year, on the total year results, it actually was the Indonesian rupee, i.e. telling you, in none of those years it was actually the euro, although the euro, of course, plays also a role. And then you have emerging market currencies that are also of significance being the ruble, I said the Indonesian rupee, the Turkish lira, the Mexican peso. These are all currencies that go into that basket. So we have a broad basket of those worldwide currencies.
Hermann G. Waldemer: I mean, at the end of the day, I mean, as I said, we run the business on a constant currency basis. And you will not find us ever into any speculative hedges, what I call income hedges. So that's the way we run it: no speculation, and run the business the same way, the proper way if currency is in your favor or if it's temporarily against you.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. Honestly, I mean, all the media coverage that we see these days on Europe, that doesn't have an impact on cigarette consumption. Even declining stock prices on the equity markets don't really change consumption. Steep increases in unemployment will change consumption. Spain was an example of that last year. My own forecast will be that I wouldn't see Europe collapse. It's just a bit too much focus on the European problems at this point in time. It will shift to other parts of the world.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Okay, Brazil first. Yes, there is a new excise tax law there which should provide a more level playing field over time. It's not immediately. It is phased in over time and that system then would eliminate the -- I only can call it absurd difference in taxation linked to packaging, if the cigarette is in a box or in a soft pack. So yes, a level playing field is always something good for us and beneficial and fairer going forward. Moving over to Korea. As I have said before, I mean, the real challenge in Korea also is to find a multi-year tax plan and tax structure plan in that market, and that actually prevails for us over short-term profitability considerations. And the third one on cost savings. Well, we have had a one-year target, because that keeps an organization focused. You'll see that the focus has paid off. As we expect, it's too early to say for next year. But yes, there will be a target for next year as well. We will talk about that in February.
Hermann G. Waldemer: No. I mean, on our side, yes, we want to do more on our brands, because we simply think that we can do better. When you come to -- when we talk about overall volumes that the Russian market has slightly declined last year at about 2%, I would say. For this year, I would expect a little less than 2%. But there is, of course, the consequence also of the fairly frequent price increases that happened in the market. So in that sense, consumers have been forced to upgrade quite a bit because prices over the last 3 years have come up quite a bit at the low end. This would be a combined average growth of the prices in the range of 25%.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, excise taxes are a challenge every year. They are the single most important factor playing into our business. We have had a year, 2009, with 2 surprises; '10 with 5 surprises; '11 with 1. And now we have had recently one for Turkey, which will go into 2012. We have managed through those in the previous years, and I really think that we will be able to manage through 2012 as well. Bad news can always happen. However, thanks to our global footprint, we have always been able to balance the unexpected bad with unexpected good. So I think that should be the case going forward as well. That's simply the advantage of such a broad global footprint as we have it.
Hermann G. Waldemer: Well, I mean, the key, if you like, the bigger picture here and therefore, I mean, going into the future, well then, they start -- what is the starting point here? The starting point for PMI at this point really is that we are having a blockbuster third quarter and that we are guiding to an excellent year 2011, i.e. we are and will be entering 2012 with really strong business momentum. Our confidence is expressed in the recent 20% dividend increase. Now going into 2012, on the key question there, the first one, we have built the financial crisis, triggered an economy crisis. We have had that on the call. We will see what the economies do in parts of the world. It's not going to be the same all over the world. But PMI is a company that has been able to deliver in the good and in the bad times. And we have a portfolio to do that in the good and in the bad times, because it covers all price points. The second key question always is will governments make rational excise tax decisions? We believe yes, but hiccups can happen. Turkey will always happen. But net-net, we think we expect them to be manageable. The third one is probably really market sizes overall. I don't expect big changes in the trends there. I mentioned before that the EU declines are moderating, that in the big Russian market, I see only a slight decline. In the very big Indonesian market, we see strong growth. In the big Japan market, it will depend a bit on the tax. Then the other point would be -- the fourth point probably is the pricing environment. Will the rational pricing environment continue? I believe yes, that -- and I believe that Spain was the exception to the rule. And contrary to other consumer product companies, prices in the cigarette industry, our prices usually stick, because governments around the world do not want to see cigarette prices coming down. The next point is that you have always to do your homework and keep your cost under control, which is what we are doing. I have elaborated on that. Then we are a tremendous cash flow generator. We have generated, over the first 9 months of this year, an average of $1 billion in free cash flow per month, $9 billion year-to-date. Our cash flow generation capabilities are unchanged, and also, our shareholder orientation is unchanged. So -- and the last point, I mentioned it before on the question before, our global footprint always allows you to balance the bad with the good because of a global scale. So I think these are the ingredients that make up business success. And we are working hard, and we have been working hard to get where we are. And we will keep on working hard to deliver for our shareholders also in the future.
