Louie Camilleri: Not much I can add to what I said in my remarks, Judy. The economic recovery is somewhat uncertain still. Unemployment remains persistently high in a lot of places. North Africa recently has been an issue for us. Tunisia is now essentially back to normal, but Egypt, obviously, things are essentially at a standstill at the moment, Japan volume, as I’ve said in my remarks, that could be a potential upside, but frankly, it’s too early to say that today.
Louie Camilleri: We’re essentially consistent with what we said all along which is on an annualized basis, as of October 1, we see volume decline of about 20%. Now, as I said, the quarterly volume shift will be quite significant. I mean, we’ll see a weak first-quarter, a very weak second-quarter because of difficult comparison. Third-quarter should be okay and the fourth-quarter should obviously be very strong in terms of volume.
Louie Camilleri: Well, let’s go through it. Yes, Japan was flattered by the pricing on the inventory, and the pricing of the small amount of volume that we actually shipped. However, that was essentially a wash with the volume hit in the fourth-quarter. So what you’re seeing in Asia is a very strong performance in a lot of other markets, principally, driven by Indonesia, the Philippines, Korea, and various other markets. I mean Asia is doing extremely well and will continue to do well.
Louie Camilleri: No. It has nothing to do with the tax per se, but listen, we had a $12 billion three-year program, which annualized it should be $4 billion a year. We met our working capital objective well ahead of plan, and therefore we decided already last year to increase our share repurchases from $4 billion to $5 billion, and this year we believe that given our earnings prospects and cash flow prospects, we can also repeat that performance and go for $5 billion. I think it’s consistent with our views that we should reward shareholders, both in terms of dividends and share repurchases to the extent that we can. And as our results come in strong, that’s what we’re going to do.
Louie Camilleri: In terms of 2011, that’s possibly early, David. Our relations with CNTC in China continue to be excellent. The joint venture brands are doing well. Marlboro, although very small, continues to grow in China. There have been great efforts on the part of CNTC to enhance distribution throughout China. I think the relationship is excellent and consistently improves. But as I’ve said, all along, it’s kind of take some time and I don’t think there are specific milestones in 2011. Now, in terms of next-generation products, we have and continue to make progress, and we’ll be taking certain initiatives this year. But to come out with specific milestones this year is a bit early still, David. As you know, I have always linked the two together. I think material entry into China is somewhat dependent on the existence of next generation products.
Louie Camilleri: It sort of varies by market. It’s difficult to generalize for the whole European Union, Christine. I think I could safely say that we’ve seen a slight improvement in the trends, certainly in the fourth-quarter versus the nine months. We’ve various actions in place. Marlboro grew share in Spain in the fourth-quarter, which was pretty significant. Marlboro continues to do well in Italy. It’s been somewhat soft in France, but that been offset by Philip Morris, which is also a premium brand. Germany, I think I’ve described in considerable detail. We’ve done well in Netherlands particularly, and in the Benelux, but Netherlands, in particular. There has just been a price tax increase. And I’d say that we’re witnessing in a number of places a few pricing skirmishes. Nothing all too dramatic but things are heating up on the pricing front with certain companies repositioning their brands. As I said, I don’t think it’s too alarming, but there have been a number of price skirmishes, particularly, in the European Union and Central Europe areas.Christine Farkas – Bank of America-Merrill Lynch: Okay, great, thank you very much.
Louie Camilleri: No. Because, as I said, I think the taxes are moving all in the right direction as a result of the EU tax directive. I think it’s just competitive moves, Chris, of certain companies repositioning brands in the lower price segments because of the economic weakness at the moment and the high unemployment levels. This is not something that is too dramatic. It just affects the competitive profiles out there.
Louie Camilleri: Well, we’ve obviously reduced our inventories at year-end to align them with what we believe to be the running rate going forward. Now, as I said, the indication since October, although they are very difficult to read given both the trade loading as well as consumer loading, but nevertheless the indications are that volume is holding better than we had originally anticipated, so clearly, there could be benefit there in terms of volumes. If we have a run rate in volume that’s better than we had anticipated that may entail an adjustment in our inventories, but they’re all sort of positives as opposed to negatives.
Louie Camilleri: No, wouldn’t fully offset it. We will still be hit this year with the least price increases that took place in 2008 because of the length of our leaf inventory durations they hit the P&L later. So this year our leaf price or leaf cost, I should say, relative to 2010 is about the same increment, as we saw in 2010. That should get better in 2012 going forward, because as we’ve said before, the supply-demand balance in terms of leaf tobacco has improved, and we’d anticipate that leaf tobacco prices will essentially be in line with inflation going forward.
Louie Camilleri: I mean it clearly is being deployed in numerous markets, but we’re still not there. There is still a lot to be done and there is still quite some exciting innovations to come. I think as I mentioned in my remarks, you have to look at the consumer research we do in the demographic profile of the brand, and it has improved significantly. I mean we can see the trends. For example, we have seen significant turnarounds in the demographic profile of the brands in places as varied as Italy, Japan, France, Spain, Switzerland, Netherlands and the list goes on. So we’re seeing improvements in the brands equity and demographics, and we still have quite a lot to do with the brand.
Louie Camilleri: I think you’re right in terms of annualization things should get better. The watch out is the illicit trade, which is affecting all three countries that you mentioned. The problem is when illicit trade takes off, it’s very hard to curtail. Canada has been an example, where they have started attacking the smuggled product with some success. Legitimate consumption or shipments were up close to 10% in Canada last year solely due primarily to Ontario taking severe measures again illicit product. But Quebec is still relatively weak. So we hope that that will continue. We should see improvements, Jonathan, but my concern is the illicit trade.
Louie Camilleri: I’d say that it’s being pretty solid. Consumption is up about 4% despite pricing that has been ahead of inflation across the board. What you see is that, when you pass certain threshold stick prices in particular and packed prices, there is a temporary slowdown in the brands performance. There has been a new excise tax decree that came out, which clearly is manageable, excise tax increases were essentially in line with inflation. The disappointment was that we had hoped that there would be a compression in the various tiers, that hasn’t quite happened as much as we had hoped, but that hopefully will happen going forward. But importantly, I think the government is more and more focused on the various loopholes about certain manufacturers are using to get excise tax benefits. So, to the extent that those loopholes are closed then I think you’ll see a more pronounced shift in what you’re discussing in terms of the up trading.
Louie Camilleri: I’d say that pretty well, yes. I mean I’m not going to go region by region because it’s a subject that’s rather delicate, but the global pricing ex-Japan would still be higher in 2011 versus 2010 as it was 2010 versus 2009.
Louie Camilleri: Well, obviously, the Russian economy is doing a lot better, driven by the oil price. We have significantly revamped and strengthened our organization there. We’re gaining share. There has been quite a significant price increase I believe you are aware. There has been the usual skirmish of people delaying pricing and repositioning certain brands. But I think we’re quite confident that we’ll have a good year in Russia in 2011 as it was in 2010 where income was up double-digit.
Louie Camilleri: No. That’s pushing the envelope. I think that’s more like the full annualization of the pricing. I think your number includes the pricing in the fourth-quarter.
Louie Camilleri: No. We’ve launched in Taiwan and we have the intention of launching in at least two other markets this year.
Louie Camilleri: On your $250 million productivity target, we’ve decided that we’d do an annual target rather than three-year or five-year target because we want it to be a bit more specific than just to give a general target. I can’t tell you what the cost saving will be in 2012, but clearly, we’re very committed to remain best-in-class in terms of cost efficiency, and we’re very focused on that as you saw in our Investor Day. So, I am hopeful that the $250 million this year will find more in the years to come, but the $250 million is specifically related to 2011. Uruguay, I don’t have much news to offer you other than the litigation is most likely will continue. We believe that we have the stronger of the case and we’ll see where that leads to. Your third question, I am sorry, David...
Louie Camilleri: Yes, Mexico was certainly a benefit, it was marginal. If I recall, it is 0.3%, 0.35% something like that. Yes, I’d say that if I took Japan and Ukraine in particular, they were the lion’s share of the decline, some 70%, if I recall.
Louie Camilleri: I’m not sure we’re going to disclose that number, Ann. I’m hopeful that it clearly will be better than it was in 2010. Beyond that I’m not going to give a specific number.
