Nicholas Rolli: Welcome, and thank you for joining us. Earlier today, we issued a press release containing detailed information on our 2020 fourth quarter and full year results. You may access the release on www.pmi.com. 
Nicholas Rolli: Robert, can you join? Okay. We'll get back to Robert after the call, operator. If we can just go to the final remarks. Andre, I think you have some closing remarks.
Nicholas Rolli: I just wanted to add that, well, if you have any follow-up questions, you can contact the Investor Relations team and look on our website for the instructions on how to log on to the Investor Day event. It starts at 8:30 Eastern Time on February 10. You can register on our website. And again, thank you very much for joining the call. Have a nice day.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thank you, Nick, and welcome, ladies and gentlemen. I hope everyone listening to the call is safe and well. Our business delivered a robust performance in 2020, despite the unprecedented challenges of the global pandemic. Most impressive was the continued strong growth of IQOS, which made up over 10% of our volumes and almost 1/4 of our net revenues for the year.  The daily consumption of HTUs by IQOS user saw minimal impact from social restriction, and despite significant constraint, we were able to continue acquiring new user in switching from cigarettes at a very good pace to reach a total of 17.6 million, of which 12.7 million have switched to IQOS and stopped smoking.  HTU shipment volumes grew 28% compared to the prior year, with record market shares in key IQOS geographies in Q4. Moreover, 10 markets exited 2020 with double-digit national share in December. Our rate of user acquisition was again strong in Q4, propelled by the increasing sophistication of our digital commercial model and the positive word-of-mouth effect from this increasing prominence, despite tighter restriction in a number of markets. 
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Bonnie. Happy to do that. It's going to be only a teaser versus what we're going to see next week. So bear with us, and we'll elaborate with much more detail. But I can certainly anticipate a few headlines on what we'll share next week.  I think what is obvious in our number for 2020 is the fact that, beyond the great performance of IQOS, we have also used efficiency on cost as a powerful lever to generate performance. That's really showing up very clearly in our numbers. So we are delivering in two years, instead of three years, the overall at least $1 billion savings. And what is good is that we are working on cost efficiency on several levels, and many of them, of course, are related to IQOS, but not exclusively to IQOS for some of them.  If you look at the gross margin level, it's quite obvious that we are being very successful in generating manufacturing productivity, and that's a great driver for further margin improvement. And here, we are working globally across the portfolio, I would say, on margin improvement. So it's not just on IQOS, even if probably on IQOS, because that's a business that doesn't have the same maturity, we have more runway, if you want to improve the productivity. And we are certainly making extremely good inroad in that respect, but we are also generating manufacturing productivity on CC.  And then on our SG&A, I think you could identify two drivers on cost efficiency. One, I would say, it's probably something you're going to find in many companies today. We are working to be a more efficient and agile company. So we work on being more digitized, we work on simplifying the way we work, we automate, we standardize, and that is allowing us not to be cost cutter, but just to take cost to be a better company and deliver overall higher performance. And then you have elements that are indeed connected with our commercial performance and not only to IQOS, but certainly mainly to IQOS, and you have two elements. One is all the investment that we made in the past, and that is a great platform on IQOS. And I'm not saying that the investment is over. We're going to keep investing. But, of course, we have now an investment that we amortize over a fast-growing base. And we are not growing the level of investment at the speed of the growth of the IQOS business.  And then there is this great work that we are doing. Thanks to digital and thanks, of course, to all the learnings that we are making on the IQOS business, where we very nicely reduced all the variable per user cost. But I will stop there because we will elaborate on that next week.
Emmanuel Babeau: Look, if you bear with us until next week, we'll have a global review of our capital allocation strategy, and we'll address all components at that stage.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, so for the medium term, again, we'll elaborate next week on more outlook. For the year, Gaurav, I'll let you make your assumption. I think we are clear on the kind of one-off savings that we have seen because of the COVID, so you can factor that in your model. And then I think we are also clear on what are the driver for margin improvement. So it's about the positive impact of the growth of IQOS in terms of per stick revenue, in terms of margin and then everything that is happening on cost efficiency.  That is really what is driving -- that has been driving the margin improvement in 2020, and that will continue in 2021. As you can imagine, beyond 2021, but we'll elaborate on that next week.
Emmanuel Babeau: Just in the sequence, please factor in that -- I mean, as we say, we talk about a gradual recovery that we are expecting without being able to, of course, design exactly what is going to be the trajectory, but that would mean certainly more investment in H2.  Remember, we've been, of course, limited in commercial activity. As you know, we say H2 could be a better moment overall with a number of restrictions being eased. There will be also more investment skewed towards the second part of the year.  So you have to take that into account, and that explains as well why Q1 maybe is expected today better than one could have expected initially. But the investment will need to happen in the year.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. It's Jacek here. So yes, we started this year in Philippines, to be very precise, in the Manila, not even greater Manila. And the product as expected actually responded pretty well. This was one of the first fully digital, if I may, launch, also driven by the fact that we had to change the strategy last moment due to the COVID restrictions and the whole COVID impact.  And the product starts getting good tractions. I think we'll still stay for a while in Manila, which is, frankly speaking, not the major secret because we're following the same path of the same strategy for the rollout in every geographies, right, especially if you go to the sizable geography like Philippines.  But product is well received. I think the taste characteristics, et cetera, fits very well. We're also testing the different route-to-consumer models, as we're entering the countries when you have a stick purchase. There is a lot of consumption on trade rather than just off trade. So we need to come up with very good solutions there. But I'm very positive on that part of Asia, which is still unchartered for IQOS.
Jacek Olczak: On TEEPS on the Platform 2, I mean, we will be further conducting that this time the market commercial test this year in 2021.
Jacek Olczak: That's Jacek here, Vivien. It varies market by market, okay? Obviously, as you know, we have flavors of menthol. We have some other flavors. But still, IQOS, frankly speaking, in most of the places is very much attractiveness is coming from tobacco flavors.  I mean, at the end of the day, most of the segments which we are targeting at this stage, and we are operating at scale, I mean most of the segments are the flavor -- tobacco flavor type of segment, right? So IQOS really has a very winning proposition. There also has a great proposition in menthol and our flavors.  So that varies by the country, and you can't really -- I think if I give you the international share of the flavors, it will be just misleading. The average doesn't make that. But it follows, typically, if you have a predominant menthol market like Japan, the dominance of menthol if you are predominantly full -- I mean, cigarette markets without menthol, then you are predominantly there. A bit sometimes over indexed in menthol in general because it has a bit more impact for people, so it's easier to switch.
Jacek Olczak: The Marlboro brand is still the major contributor of the overall volumes and the growth, so we're very pleased that on the course of the last year, we continue growing Marlboro.  Obviously, HEETS, which is priced not below the Marlboro had a bit a better dynamics than Marlboro, but the above actually contributing to the growth. And it's very interesting, Vivien. You're asking because this is the first market which we try the dual -- or double -- dual positioning of the consumables, Marlboro and HEETS in Japan.  As you know very well, we also extended HEETS in a couple of Eastern European geographies, in Russia. When first, we brought the above premium propositions to HEETS, the HEETS Creations. And the HEETS Creations contributes. So we like premium rise further to HEETS in Russia. And HEETS Creations in Moscow constitute now about 10% of the overall HEETS volume. So that's very good.  And then we complemented on the notch below price segment by bringing the lil Fiit proposition. So with now in Russia, we're testing can IQOS operate on the free essentially price segments on the devices. And the spread is pretty phenomenal because IQOS devices will go from $60 on the premium device, and then we go down to the $20 on the lil device. And then we have a coverage on the consumables spreading from RUB 170 per pack to RUB 130.  So it gives you the hint how broadly we now -- why we can go with IQOS touching the segments above medium and below medium. And this is despite, as you know, that we have a competition in Russia. But frankly speaking, competition in terms of the devices is essentially close to 0.  So it's a little bit of a very aggressive promotions, but we continue delivering the strong growth on IQOS, both in terms of user acquisitions measured by the device sales and by the HEETS -- further expansions on the HEETS. And what is also good in places like in Russia that we continue growing in the top cities, which we started a few years ago. So we have a continuous growth in the cities, and the expansion doesn't need from that growth which we have in the Moscow, St. Petersburg and the other main cities.
Andre Calantzopoulos: Okay. First of all, this is a plan, and there are many positive aspects also in this plan in my view. First of all, we don't talk about taxes. I mean, this is subject to directives. The tobacco excise directive that governs the excise tax and the tobacco product directive, that is the regulation of the products, okay?  The first is the tobacco side directive today does not foresee reduced risk product category, so it has to be amended under all circumstances, okay? And we're not talking about increases. It's creating a framework under which member states can tax.  Our view is that absence of combustion, for example, is a key criteria on how to tax differently cigarettes to other products. And then within that major cliff of change in toxicity and exposure, member states can have different tax rates for these products. But this product should not be, by any means, higher than any combustible category available, okay, as a minimum criteria. But this has to happen.  Nobody said that taxes will increase or hit the tobacco products, frankly speaking, at this stage or in vapor product, okay? So all this has to be defined, and the discussions are going to start in the course of this year and continue in next year, in any case.  So that's for -- and then the tobacco product directive been served, I hope that there will be a bit more regulatory clarity in there regarding RRPs because -- and e-vapor product because just now, we left it up to the member state to regulate, which, frankly speaking, is not harmonizing a directive, one; and secondly is a pain for all the industry participants because every country has a different regulation. And we always advocated serious regulation on these products, provided that this is differentiated from cigarettes, okay?  Now there are voices that say that these products should be the same thing as cigarettes. But at the end of the day, it was very clear also in the cancer plan that all -- in the Q&A that only based on science and evidence, they will take decisions. So I wouldn't be particularly worried about this at this stage. And I think the outcome may be positive actually because it's an opportunity to discuss all these things. Now in the longer term, we discussed very often, I believe tax differentials will be maintained because it makes sense for public health, it makes sense for the consumers. And as we also explained, we have room even to pass taxes if, by any chance, differentials close somehow because IQOS, also in order to pass part of the tax benefit to the consumers, it's mid-price position, essentially, if you take the weighted average of the countries, number one.  And number two, its price productivity is much, much higher than cigarettes, so passing on a tax is triggering less price increase than passing on tax on cigarettes. So that's in a nutshell the way we should look at it, but we have to assume that excise taxes will increase over time also for RRPs as governments need money, and that will apply to heated tobacco products that's already taxed substantially and, potentially, in some cases, to e-vapor products in the future. But that's all baked in, in the assumptions.
Andre Calantzopoulos: No, we don't envisage this. Not in the -- I mean if our partner wants to sell one day, we can discuss. At the moment, they're very happy with us.
Andre Calantzopoulos: Okay. First of all, we didn't say we will take less pricing. We will also -- where the pricing opportunity, we'll take pricing, and I think the model still works very well. Elasticities are the same, everything.  We had to make some, in my view, reasonable, conservative, you may say, assumptions regarding what's going to happen in Indonesia and Russia because of the tax increase. And Indonesia has never got it carryover from last year, which makes the comparisons year-to-year problematic, okay? Plus, in Germany, we had a VAT, I would say, tax break, which we assume is not going to continue this year. So if you exclude all these elements, I think we're still back to a normal pricing in the other markets.  So clearly, in terms of post-COVID, I would say, assumptions, we have to watch more carefully the price gaps, that's clear, at the mid- to low end of the market, but that doesn't mean that we're going to take any severe pricing decisions at this stage anywhere. I just -- this is a watch out.  If there is down trading, which is happening between the mid-price typically and the low-price segment, also because we have absence of contraband and all these things, that's something to watch in certain markets. But overall, I think we're in good shape.  Also both on IQOS, on heat-not-burn products and combustible, the excise taxes are now in, if I'm not mistaken, everywhere. So we have pretty good visibility of where we are, okay? So I don't think it's super COVID related. What is COVID related in the guidance is the range we gave because if you look, Adam, at what happened last year, if we assume 2% to 3% underlying industry decline, even baking in Indonesia, we had a 6.7% industry decline.  So we're missing consumption for mathematically 3.7%to 4.7%. That's on average, $100 billion for the industry. So we don't -- that will rebound, in my view, one day, but once the restrictions finish.  Now we gave a guidance for this year of 0 to minus 3, which is at 0, you have some recovery. At minus 3, you have super underlying negativity, maybe exaggerated. I don't know at this stage, but that's plus/minus 20 billion units for us. So that's plus/minus 2.5 revenue points.  So that's where the volatility is, okay? And if pricing comes better in Russia and Indonesia, that much the better. We may end up at the high end of the range.
Andre Calantzopoulos: I wouldn't say conservative, but it's not bullish either, okay? I mean, I understand what you are saying, but we're at the beginning of the year, okay? Many things can happen regarding COVID because it's not finished.  So last year, as Emmanuel said, we had more than $150 million exceptional expenses because of COVID, okay? So you need to put some cushion in the bottom line regarding unexpected costs. And if we have a rebound, I would call, not a very gradual recovery, we may need to invest a bit more money towards the end of the year to accelerate acquisition. You can physically do that. If we physically can't, then clearly, the money will go to the bottom line.  So at this stage, we gave this range, okay, which, by the way, if the dollar stays where it is, it's not bad at all because it's 14% to 16%, and the revenue line would be 8% to 11%, which will be phenomenal, I would say. So I don't think this is conservative. It's just I don't have a crystal ball to foresee everything that's happening in every month of this year, okay? We're still not in normal situation. That's all. So I understand and -- but -- and it's just how I can further explain.
Andre Calantzopoulos: Any case, I would love to be conservative and as the quarters unfold, we'll get more. But I think I gave the parameters. The pricing, that still can come more favorable. That goes straight to the bottom line. If we have bit more combustible, that's fine. It goes to the bottom line, but we have to assume that. So as the quarters pass, we will give you better outlook.
Andre Calantzopoulos: Yes. I mean, thank you all for joining. I think we had a rather complicated 2020, but the results came out much better than I would have thought when we were talking for the first time in March.  I think we look at a very good recovery in relative terms in '21. IQOS continues to grow strongly. The momentum is excellent, in my view, and we will see some rebound, hopefully, in cigarette volumes in the next 1 to 2 years. I would love to see positive total market maybe in '22.  And we look forward to sharing with you more on the long-term growth and more on understanding the profitability of IQOS in -- next week, actually. So have a very good day, and thank you for listening to us.
