Jacek Olczak: Well, to start with the quarter, second quarter, I mean nothing frankly speaking came in the second quarter as a surprise to us. I mean, we knew that we will have an inventory adjustment in Japan, and maybe at this stage, I can give you a little bit more details over the margin instead of that adjustment, if our shipment was down in Japan by about 10% if you take the market decline down, it’s about 8%. So, on shipments, you are talking well around the 1 billion of the adjustments or around the 1 billion of adjustments. You know that Japan is a pretty profitable market to us as the volumes are expensive. And in Asia, we also knew that we are going to scale up the investment behind the defending the price points in Philippines for just these two countries to market, put the drag on the results, but as expected I mean we knew it. As a surprise, I think came a bit weak start in June in Japan and I think the sudden resurgence of the illicit trade in Turkey. I mean, it is where the things were at the beginning of the quarter, where we have been heading in our market. When it comes to second half of the year, as you have seen, we had a very strong pricing in the first half of the year, $1 billion, I mean, it clearly gives us and the pricing is – pricing environment supported by the tax environment, I mean, (it wasn’t) pretty comfortable about delivering a strong pricing in the second half of the year. Second thing is there is just the timing of the annualization of our investment from last year to this year. If you look at our total cost variance, which you will have on the cost of goods sold and the total cost of the company, essentially the negative variance, which we have for the first half of the year that is for the year. So, in second half of the year, we should be essentially closing flat versus 2012. So, as I said, we have a strong pricing. The tax environment is reasonable. The cost comps is going to be definitely easier for the second half of the year, and needless to say, that the business performance measured by the performance of our brands in essentially most of the geographies, I mean we’re doing pretty well. So this gives us the confidence that we can deliver the results for the full year.
Jacek Olczak: Sequentially we see the improvement in the volumes in most of the geography, so when we were revising the guidance, the outlook for the full year it's much more critical than I said some of this improvement are not as growth as maybe initially that we expected but there are improvements so clearly the volumes of our quarter three and quarter four I mean it's going to work a little bit better but clearly the total market volumes I mean for us is a key challenge for the year. I think major what will help you if you look at how we see ourselves, how we’re going to do the quarters, Q3 and Q4 and you know that it is our practice not to give there a specific guidance for the quarter. I was expecting the EPS level for the quarter free to be somewhat comparable to what we had in the quarter one and then we will have all alignment of the revenue and the cost qualms are fully materializing at the backend of the year.
Jacek Olczak: Well I said you know that our practice and this is what I said to Bonnie, our practice is not to be very specific in guidance on the cost that we break. I was just trying to give the outsight community a little bit of color on what will be the pricing of the growth. On ex-currency basis more EPS in Q3 growth rate should be comparable maybe slightly above where they have been in Q1 so clearly you see that…
Jacek Olczak: Well the 100 the last year, I have to I think start from the last year. I think the last year the under declaration from that particular competitor we estimate was in the range of 80% of the entire volume. We brought it down while the government somehow brought it down to say about 20%-25% under declaration but just the magnitude of the tax burden which is at the new rate is that you still can sell the product profitability even at 75% of the volume and under declare 25%. So the issue is now and that is for is presumably that particular competitor still sitting on a 1 peso price point which you know if you pay the full cost economically it's completely not doable. So the question is now will the government continue or will there be not willingness on the government side to make sure that 100% of the volumes are being declared is my case and some other competitors in the market. So that’s the magnitude, so yes there is an improvement we’re about to reach this tipping point in Philippines but we have not reached the tipping point and there is sort of a relaxation if you like on a tax collection, tax administration from the government and we might be going back to square one.
Jacek Olczak: Yes and this is what I refer to with our increased spend in Q1, it's going to continue next year behind Fortune is buying down the price at resale so this is sales allowances (ph) and other forms of supporting the brand to bring closer to the ideal price of say 1.50, 1.60 and the same time we have reintroduced two brands at the 1 peso (inaudible) which clearly put the pressure on our financials you can imagine. What we are doing is this, our strategy was two-pronged strategy bring down the price, don’t lose the volumes, and in the meantime, work with the government, so they bring up the bottom of the market, but making sure the government pays taxes. Now, we have been delivering pretty well on our part, but I have to admit it is financially expensive strategy, but we also have to make sure that the government delivers on the second part of the strategy. There are still capital working things, otherwise, we were kind of integrated.
Jacek Olczak: There is nothing structural is that the timing of our income, foreign income tax payments in our attribute, and we just headed in the second quarter. I think as of quarter three, quarter four you will see that these things will level out. So, what we initially said is still valid that we expect the free cash flow to grow faster than earnings for this year.
Jacek Olczak: Not really, I mean as you could see, I mean we had a very strong pricing first half of the year. We expect the strong pricing second half of the year. So, it’s not there. So, I think what is more behind the illicit trade is not just the pricing, which we are taking, but the whole macro situation, okay. I mean, the pricing without an erosion of the consumer purchasing power is the one impact, and the pricing value have erosion of the consumer purchasing power is the other impact. And I think deal is exactly that sort of situation that the pricing is pretty moderate as is the tax environment, so that’s good on that type. But if you have continuous growth of unemployment, various austerity measures, etcetera, I mean it has (put the event) on the consumer spending. Lastly, frankly speaking, also like this, you have a reduction of the increases of many utilities in Russia are well above inflation, well above the rate of the increases last year, because utilities in Russia went up by about 10% in the first half of the year, last year, it was only 5%. Pricing, yes, it is pretty high pricing, but we had to pass on the price and not just be improve our margins. So, therefore, we see a little bit of the softness on the market, but it is not the pricing, it is much more the macro – the unemployment and other governmental measures to improve their state deficit.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think you pointed them all, I mean is Japan, which is more one-off in the quarter. And I expect that the margin instead of an adjustment in inventories you are talking in the range of 1 billion, billion times the margins which we heard in the Japan, that’s clearly (put the event) on the performance of the region and the spending in Philippines, okay. So, it’s working on putting the pressure on the cost. Now, Indonesia is still – about this time, Indonesia is in the situations when we fully passed on the tax plus also we had a lap on the clove prices and the leaf prices, so that pressure is being released from Indonesia. Japan as I said was the one-off. Okay, Philippines going to continue. All in all actually I think Asia is going to have, we will expect Asia to have a nice growth of the margin, strong growth of the margin actually in the second half of the year and all the regions of PMI and we expect for the full year that the operating margin for entire PMI will be up versus last year. So we expect the margin growth on the total PMI and as I said the second half of the year you should see the improvement in our regions.
Jacek Olczak: No I think it's more for the shipment discussion which I said in Japan, there was, we continue spending in Japan launching our product so there is top order but this is more due to the so one off the inventories and Philippines which is a support of the Fortune and our lower price breaks to counter price points. So these are two items reach essentially drag the margins in the second quarter of Asia region.
Jacek Olczak: Well I mean JT continues with the promotional spending than the new product offering, I think especially the regarding of our share for June I most attribute this also to the successful I’ve to admit that initially free product volumes, actual product volumes from our Mevius. As you know Marlboro, Philip Morris and Marlboro was the leading of best (ph) part of the menthol segment in Japan was been very successful so we get a lot of share in the past mild also, Mild Seven at that time was one of the big brands which was not participating so you know the whole competition is a little bit of contained about the (inaudible) of the market which is the menthol and we have our nice share there. We actually over represent in that segment. I think if we’re going to continue we will be under pressure with share but we also still have the capital of initial activity in our sleeves for the second half of the year. Last we have very good performance from the brand which we launched in the first couple of years so there won't be a pressure on the share but you lose share, you can gain share. So let remain optimistic.
Jacek Olczak: Well the consumer if you look at the smoking incidents and rarely maybe is rarely reacted (ph) but we don’t see much of the movement if at all but as I said maybe it's too early to read the end part of this price increase. Remember that Russia was taking the price since year-over-year and at the year twice the year the prices used to go up in Russia. This year is different because the size of the package increase was larger so obviously the price increase is much more is larger as well. I think if I look at my portfolio that I came with just 0.2 losses knowing that my brand lost the price gap of a 6 rubles to 7 rubles because this was the price increase on the beginning of the year versus competitors and then I feel very strong about the portfolio and actually I start seeing a good pay off of the investment which we had in Russia this year and continuing this year because as I demonstrated as trend of the portfolio the quote (ph) is temporary but they defend to show this part despite the advantages of pricing. Now you have the logging (ph) in some other markets as well so I don’t think is something which a systematic, it happens to somebody that the focus on something else. For us it has been a very clear, Russia is getting into maturity. I mean the volumes are very exciting but we’re much more excited about the grow in the top-line and grow in the bottom-line and I think for us the focus on Russia is generate the value of the market rather than contemplate too much a bit of the volume on market share losses.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I said on the total cost in answering one of the questions before is that on the total costs for the company, the variance, which you have ex-currency on the first half of the year, then it’s essentially for the full year. And then I will have much better cost comparisons in the second half of the year. Pricing, 1 billion, I would say, will qualify there is a strong pricing and we don’t see any sort of headwinds at this stage to our pricing. I think we are going to continue with a strong pricing going forward. You will have heard we have announced prices recently also in the Germany, France, number of other locations, so this obviously is going to help the year. And volume, volume and total market volumes is not our performance is our market share is pretty strong and we grow in terms of our market share in a number of places. I think the single biggest challenge which we have this year is the total market size, and this I have to admit them, where if you know the number of the factors which plays that is one which makes a little bit forecasting more difficult that might be in other years, but this is the year when we have significant challenges on the total market.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. We always were focused on growing the revenue and the bottom line. So, as I think we don’t have any major switch in our – change in our strategy.
Jacek Olczak: No, we are pretty flexible, because we said we are working on three platforms, I mean, two platforms which are very strong heat versus burn and the third platform, which is potentially one could say that for e-cigarette. So, we are making progress on all three, and we are also watching what are the developments in the market? So, I think our three platforms assessing what we see today in a market that should be able to address all opportunities which may exist in that market.
Jacek Olczak: I think e-cigarettes as they are today, I don’t think the situation has changed much as to our assessment as some time ago. I mean, you need to have a product, which is palatable to the consumer. A product has to be liked by the consumer. I don’t think e-cigarettes that they are delivering on that front. Heat versus burn clearly addresses both the element of the reduction and delivers on the taste expectations of consumers. So, I think heat versus burn in our opinion is closer to this ideal sort of a product which you should have in the market. E-cigarette, as I said the prices earlier (inaudible) of the category development of the more focus than investment is needed in order to bring the palatability again of this product into some level of acceptance by consumers. I mean, we see the e-cigarette in some markets is essentially in some markets not in all EU but there is a (inaudible) so it confirms that there was some needs of the consumers but we also have to remember that the early days of cigarettes in the environment when there was talks. So what I see in some countries is much more phenomenon of the pricing rather than a phenomenon of the hard reduction or price. I mean people are compromising because they get a discomfort so the cigarette going into 40%, 50% or 70% rate. It's nothing substantial I don’t think we could call it a substantial at this stage but it's the early days of the category. So we continue working on our free (ph) platforms and we’re making a progress as per plan and I think when we will be ready we will go to market.
Jacek Olczak: Well we expect 4% but no one can say that you know I think a quarter ago would have been more closer to the 6% of the growth so we lower a little of expectations for the market, 4% is the historical average growth of that market if I take out the last very exceptional the last two years which were very exceptional. I think the fewer subsidies I mean the part of that thing was mitigated by the government by returning some subsidies in other forms to the lower income people. I think the opening of the year was a bit slower, 1% I think what the growth rate of the market in the first quarter was presumably more impacted by some spikes in the food crisis in Indonesia. So I think it's pretty doable and it's actually somehow reflects the pricing of the seasonality that like pacing of the development in the market. I think 4% for the market should be doable for the total market. Our volumes in our market share is pretty strong not as strong growth as the last year because we’re leaving some attractive price points behind us but still for the first half year and the second quarter first quarter we had a nice share advancement. So I think we can expect some share growth, moderate share growth going forward in the year.
Jacek Olczak: No I think the market is slowly going through it's historical growth rate, it's just the pricing of the quarter, it's okay.
Jacek Olczak: We put into our guidance, we included in our guidance for understanding that share in Japan is going to be under pressure. I won't give you the number but it's the exact share we targeting for the year but we do recognize that there was a pressure on the share on the market share in Japan. As I said we still have a few initiatives to be launched in the market, let’s see how the whole thing unfolds I mean in the Q3, we presumably will have either better position to say and what is the realistic expectation for the full year.
Jacek Olczak: No, no, but as I said earlier, I mean, the biggest challenge which we have this year is there is the total market, and you know total market needs a little bit of time to estimate properly, I mean, not on the weekly basis. So, we are pretty confident on our chart. As I said, we are pretty confident about the pricing, but we will have to see how this unfolds in the remaining two quarters of the year relative to the total market sizes. So, this is what it is, but nothing at the beginning of this month, which would focus from a perspective that our guidance or outlook for the second half of the year would change versus let me (jump enough).
Jacek Olczak: Yes, that means you had total industry was if I remember 10% down in the Q1, is 8% down, so you have a blended 9.2, 9.3 for the first half of the year. So, yes, even with our revised outlook for the full year, we do assume that there will be some improvements going forward. It’s a little bit of accounts, but yes, sequentially we see that the volumes. We had exceptional low quarter first quarter. Okay, so that this is already in the book, so you can’t change it as well. But, yes, there was some sequential improvements in the quarter, but obviously if you look at our shipments, it’s much better than the market, because EU has delivered fabulous market share performance first quarter and the second quarter and is very much on the back of Marlboro. So, you remember, at least in the past I said, the EU is definitely much more total market than a mix problem for us, but that is part of the positive news about the EU performance this year.
Jacek Olczak: No, this is what I am saying, the second half of this year is going to be more comparable to the second half of last year that (variance) is going to be flat. So, yes, on the full 12-month basis this year, you will see that we have increased year-on-year. However, the pricing of the thing was that we started to accelerate it, increase the investment in the second half, third, fourth quarter in some places of last year, and that if I am lapping this now in the second half of this year.
Jacek Olczak: Chris, I could, and I know the number, but I am afraid, so many people is now on the call, then I cannot reveal it.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean that we got the reading now of the second quarter. So, yes, I mean the second quarter came nicely and the volumes grew by, total industry volumes grew by 3.5. So, once you have the two quarters, it’s a little bit easier to forecast the full year. So, this is due to – I think there was some impact in the first quarter of the food inflation. There is some flooding in some regions, territories in Indonesia, I think all that together, I mean, they might put the market on a bit of slower opening of this year. So, the quarter sequentially now should be better, but I think will to be more realistic we should rather put an estimate of the total market into the range of 4% rather than stayed with the previous one. And we, frankly speaking, 4% is a very solid, nice growth rate for this market and we’re okay with this.
Jacek Olczak: Well EU again I mean they improve sequentially the total industry improved in the Q2. I would say might be initial that we thought the improvement is going to be more than just 8% decline and I think once you have 10% and 8% in the pocket already in actuals then you have to again you’re in tense situations that you better can predict what forecast for the full year is going to be. There is not much improvement on the contraband, I mean we don’t have a the full reading for the EU where the illicit trade span however run it off through the market and beneath the market so many markets indicate that the contraband the illicit trade continues to grow it's not easy. So France I think is one of the recent examples in the illicit trade despite that continues to grow. So all in all I think to be more realistic will size it to revise the outlook for the industry. Maybe it's come back (ph) I don’t know. Our biggest challenge would be, the biggest challenge we have this year is the total size of the industry, not our business performance is, not our ability to the deliver strong pricing is not our ability to manage the cost, the investment et cetera is essentially the total industry volumes.
Jacek Olczak: I wouldn’t give a number I mean we’re looking at this carefully because as you know one of our platform is cigarette so it's not that we’re not closely looking at this category, it's difficult to estimate. You have this sometimes this information, some travel to Italy, to Rome and have seen his friends and the cigarette you go 100 kilometers outside the Rome but no one has heard about e-cigarette. So we have to look at this unlike the total sort of the information is a little bit of a conscious. I don’t eco-consciousness (ph). I don’t think today is the size of the market of these cigarette is in the range higher than a 1% and presumably that might be on the high side. I don’t have a number I mean it's a pure speculation you would have to I think we need more time to really assess that, I don’t think it's comparable to what you have for example in the U.S. But yes we understand, they are resulted (ph) in London once you go to other towns outside London not necessary is the case. I mean I had seen in Greece and there is just another alternative to smoking that significant at lower price than this stuff came and the market disappeared, whatever the market at the beginning. So this is barely stages of the category in Europe. As I said we’re very closing watching this thing and looking where is the right moment, when this market can create opportunity for us but I wouldn’t volunteer today to turn a solid number with regards to the impact of the e-cigarettes, the size of e-cigarettes in Europe.
Jacek Olczak: It is solid, the whole year is challenging. There is different challenge from here, I mean than the retrospect we presumably. We’re much more focused, we keep eye on the ball, quarter two is quarter two, we reported quarter two. I’m glad it's over, we focus on a quarter three, quarter four 2014-15, so at the retrospect we will just treat it as a quarter. We’re not managing the business of the quarterly basis but for us it's much more how we’re confident about the full year, what is front of us for the 2014-15 et cetera, 16-17 I mean we have a lot of exciting things in front of us so I wouldn’t, I understand the interest around the quarter, but wouldn’t be overexcited about the quarter.
Jacek Olczak: It’s challenging environment. I mean that this year, the challenge is the total market sizes, I mean there are some other areas you had other challenges, I mean the business was not performing well, if you go back to the spring time, I mean, we today are much more confident, much, much more confident in our ability to grow market share, to grow Marlboro, to be innovative as such, well I mean, I wouldn’t think, I don’t think we were that stronger, had such strong feelings about the best part of our business in the 2008 or 2009. Okay, so listen business is business I mean you always have some challenges, no point.
Jacek Olczak: Well, if you look from the total market perspective and the market share, the market was slightly down that it is the mature market. So, I don’t think there is what can really give you more of the impact was the impact of the claim package. There is some acceleration of the down trading. This is attributable to claim pack. We will have to see, but there is some down trading, but also market is pretty expensive market in terms of the level of the prices. Prices went up. We have seen the down trading before the claim pack. Can claim pack meet long-term accelerator trading? Yes, there is a risk. We always put you open about it, and I wouldn’t conclude that sort of a statement just based on one quarter, I mean, its ability. In Australia, it’s developing nicely strong.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think when it comes to the market as what we see as we have a slowdown in the economy. So, Russia has still the quarters. We are talking in the quarters of GDP growth, but the growth dynamic is different than it used to be in the past. So, there is a slowdown in the economy. There is a clearly less governmental spending, which presumably also goes back into the overall stage of side of the economy. There was clearly a low range dynamic. I mean, the ranges are growing up in Russia, but not at the rates but last year or year before. And for the first half of the year, I think the utilities prices, prices for utilities water, gas, fuel, etcetera went up I think in the range of about 10%. I think Russia is in the inflation of about 7%, 7% to 8%, so clearly above inflation and above the range of the growth, which we observed last year, because first half last year, utilities were up by about 5%. So, there is something around the consumer purchasing the power of disposable income, which we are confronted with. Now, Russia is, good thing about Russia is we have a good cost structure. We have a visibility of the taxation for the next three years. Next year, there is still in front of us quite a sizable cost increase, which we would like to pass – to pass on to consumers. I mean, it’s slightly above this year, because the impact of this year of the pure tax was about RUB5 if I am not mistaken, and we have in front of us about RUB8 of the tax increase, just tax increase for the market. So, I don’t think the government will change this one. In the outer years of the long-term tax plan, the government may take the different view from the indexation, but anyway in the plan, there is a moderation because 2015 to ‘16 that is what we understand the taxes should go at the lower rate and this year and the next year. One thing which we have to watch for last year because this other experience from other places and I called the government also will helpfully look at the illicit trade okay because this is what the such a situation may open the door to illicit trade but I hope the Russian government and the Russian administration will defend strongly their market share.
Jacek Olczak: Well logically Ireland should follow the same thing thinking as (inaudible) less rate for the evident and down then (inaudible) make sure that the legislation you propose is come from the evidence scientific perspective. The process in Ireland has not started we have just heard that they have an intention to look into plain packaging, other than I can say. On the TPD, I will paint the whole debate about the Tobacco Product Directive will have the parliamentary sessions of the Parliament around mid of September now depends how the outcome of or how the directive is going to be for at the end of the parliament versus what the council have decided and they will go to the reconciliation process, I think they will know the final shape of the directive before year end maybe early next year, around the year around and have heard about the two years for transposition into Member State Law will have to see what transition period the Member States will give in the domestic market and the domestic jurisdiction, so specifically to same analogy, say you have the number of committees in the parliament, the opinions are highly divided, it's not that there is a unanimous support for the ban of (inaudible) or menthol et cetera but I don’t know it's difficult to speculate at which the directives from now where it's going to be finished.
Jacek Olczak: I think for that is too important to address the illicit trade. I mean I think some consumers you know can go and find a similar product in the early cig market already today and this was one of the arguments which we’re bringing to the EU office at the Member State that first of all there is no scientific ways to ban any of this product, it's a pure discrimination in the market without any scientific base. It is difficult to argue that the (inaudible) are more harmful or less harmful that the regular cigarette. Yes it's an illicit trade, some consumers it's a speculation but some consumers will go back to regular cigarette and in some countries in Europe consumers also know how to menthol cigarette themselves so I don’t know in which direction it's going to go, (inaudible) designed the policy if this space like it is it's will not be proven will deliver on the stated objective but yes it's well created this portion in the market. So let’s see how that will unfold.
Jacek Olczak: No the pricing variance the billion I just indicate that we’re looking for the various pricing variance for the full year so no.
Jacek Olczak: No, it’s presumably that we are very excited that the biggest challenge this year we have on the total industry volume. I think the price increase which is taking place that is not something significantly higher than in the previous years, the average is etcetera. I think what we confronted is that in some geographies, we confronted with the slowdowns of economy, the difficult market etcetera. So, whatever you have an erosion in the disposable income, that has an impact. The illicit trade obviously started playing more important low, this is a challenge, which we have illicit trade in the form of a typical contraband crossing the borders, but also in some places like Philippines are the very low law enforcement, which resulted as you know some people don’t pay their taxes which they should pay, and then other phenomenon which we are confronted with. But in terms of consumption part of smoking incident, if you look at the mature market, yes, there was a natural rate of decline, but nothing which you would today attribute that, this is the year when people that the incidents go down faster of the daily consumption rates decline, in fact that actually in many countries, they get out (inaudible) etcetera. The smoking incident in many countries stays flat and the daily consumption stays flat of the total tobacco products.
Jacek Olczak: The price lagging it happens every year in different places, okay. I think it’s sometimes is amount, sometimes is a capital market, and the Russia was a little bit on the longer side, so that’s clearly is something which put the pressure, but finally prices were implemented. I mean, it’s more of the tactics rather than I think the sort of a strategy. And second question no, it’s just Philippines when we had the very specific situations when we had to react with the pricing.
Jacek Olczak: To be precise, look I have said in the 2016-17, it was focused on the two platforms, the first two platforms, and this is where we were going to start constructing the factory this year etcetera, but we are working essentially at the same time on the three platforms in the different stages of development, but even the platform, third platform, which is close to – can be treated as e-cigarette is also on our agenda.
Jacek Olczak: Well, listen, I mean it’s the guidance, because we were taking into consideration all elements which we knew at that time. I mean, there are pricing at the beginning of the year if I am not mistaken. We have about 75% of the pricing realized. So, we know what we are going to have in the pricing. There were some prices also change more recently, so I am a little bit earlier for different reasons and their timing of the target increases plus change et cetera. So in the whole guidance the blend is whole number of facts.
Jacek Olczak: The cost savings in terms of productivity to plan of the $300 million, I mean we’re delivering on schedule so we had it already in our guidance and no there was a comp we knew that we will have a comp in the second half of the year much better than the first half of the year and the fact we’re (inaudible).
Jacek Olczak: Well one thing price is we show (inaudible) all our pension funds are well funded I mean well above the statutory limits so if I have read your questions properly we don’t expect any prices on the front when it comes to Spain, yes I mean actually with the government going into finally reorganize that there was a too much of the (inaudible) taxation overall and there is manufacture of cigarette is very helpful. So now in few quarters we should see very hopefully some improvement. I think we have seen it in Italy when the government taxes all your fine cut products, a little bit more you could see all within out that you have some reverse of the trend which is obviously helpful for our cigarette manufactured cigarette category.
Jacek Olczak: Well I think I’m surprised as everyone is surprised because the whole market there is development and as you know we gave announcement (inaudible) Central Bank and are reacting to the same. I mean you see our announcement, the outlook for the currency is revised by mainly because of the Russian Ruble, Mexican Peso trillion dollar et cetera and actually on the Japanese Yen and on the Euro we’re at it work pretty well hedged at the beginning of the year, there were some opportunities during the year because the currency was a little bit volatility and we use this opportunity so we feel much more confident about the yen, now the euro in progress but the rest of the currency is yes there is a volatility in the market.
Jacek Olczak: Well in Europe and myself visualize, testing the product, the product is not a product which is very close to the conventional cigarette and I think the consumers are looking for something which is at least similar. So the product has it's own deficiencies but it's a new category so everyone is working on how to improve it. I mean year from now the situation might be different but I don’t think that the product is performing well on the taste fact, okay, it's pretty tasteless in (inaudible) as well as question of a good manufacturing practices. You know the product is not regulated, so I don’t think the consumer have a (inaudible) for what they buy and it's really something which they would like to use and as I said earlier I think today is marginal for moment of the price than it is and when the price comes to play you know consumers are really sometimes to compromise a lot. Will it last long is I don’t know, it's remained to be seen.
