Jacek Olczak: Well, we have two things for Japan. One is, as we said, our in-market sales actually for the quarter was about 300 million units higher than the first quarter of last year. This was still a little bit lower participation in the trade purchases ahead of the price increases than our principal competitors and our share panel will be the lower on the reported basis and on a restated or adjusted basis, we think it was flat versus Q4 last year. Our shipment and this is how we recognize the revenue on the market, essentially the purchases by our distributors to Japan, so this is one step lower than the in-market sales and the shipments to the distributor were lower by about 1.3 billion units and this is where the distortions, which we have for Japan. When it comes to the next quarters, I mean although we see the market to go down for the full year in the range of 3% to 3.5%, the question is how much trade we'll need to be stock or unwind the higher purchases which have happened at the end of the last quarter. So, I don't think we should have that magnitude of the inventory adjustment and also obviously there is a function of how our shares is going to develop going forward. I mean so far we see the first two quarters sequentially when our share comes flat. I mean if that obviously would remain for the remaining part of the year, we would have a much less of the distortions on the shipment.
Jacek Olczak: We're encouraged -- as I said, on an adjusted basis, the share came flat versus Q4. So, this is the first sequential quarters which we have over the last good few quarters when we have not lost share. And Marlboro came relatively strong. L&M and Lark continues to be under pressure. There is a program in place to address the Lark performance. And I think also the Be Marlboro campaign, which we started to roll out in Japan in Q1 of this year will get the very positive response at the consumer level. So, we start the number of parameters or brand attributes which the campaign has helped us to address in the other regions, mainly the European region. We start seeing the same sort of an impact in Japan. Preparedly, when the campaign is rolled out, but this is even more encouraging. So, let's stay cautiously optimistic for the year, but this is still the long way for us to fully stabilize or to return to growth in the Japanese market.
Jacek Olczak: I think there are two factors which, first of all impacted the total industry, impacting the industry performance. One is some sort of a pressure coming still from the last year, the median removal partially of the fuel subsidies, some pressure on inflation, so it has an impact on the total market, especially on the lower price points. I mean this is what the consumers presumably are most impacted by that pressure from their disposable income. Second thing is the market had an underlying trend of the consumer switching from hand-rolled cigarettes to machine-made cigarettes. Obviously, we present in those segments, but our main brand, Dji Sam Soe, is the hand-made kretek cigarette. That brand sit at premium price point of the segment, actually, it is one of the most expensive brands in the market. The brands we started to sell after the price increases last year as of about mid of last year, the brand price per pack was about IDR12,000 for the pack of 12. So, we crossed at the retail level the stick price of IDR1,000. Other main competitors behind us in terms of the price gap. So, I think it's going to take some time until they will cross the market will cross that price point with another brand. I would expect some moderations in the share pressure in Indonesia in the second half of the year and we just have to be patient. We also are addressing the consumer taste preferences going for the machine -- from the hand-made cigarettes to machine-made by line extending Dji Sam Soe. So, we have two very well -- one very well performing variant and we are coming with the second variant, Dji Sam Soe Magnum, which is a filter kretek machine-made -- machine-made kretek cigarette. So, I think the share, -- I mean overall, I think we can get to the decent share performance, but we have to wait a little bit.
Jacek Olczak: The OCI, on an ex-currency basis for the full year should be -- should obviously have a positive growth
Jacek Olczak: You need to note into this thing that this distortion which we had on a shipment basis this year, I'm sorry in the first quarter, I mean at April 3rd, the pressure on the overall OCI growth. But as I said in my remarks, if I would exclude the distortions which we have had in the first quarter, my revenues and OCI would be flattish -- at least flattish for the quarter on ex-currency basis.
Jacek Olczak: It's very still early because the prices have started to appear at the retail level around second half of February. I think as in the past we were at the beginning of the price changes in Philip Morris, the competition I can see that the following. There is one competitor, which is slow, but they usually were slow. So I think we need still a few weeks to see the full impact on the market. The market was less than 7%, 6.7% diluted down for the quarter. We still hold the forecast for the full year for the full market to be in a decline rate of 9% to 11%. One thing which we have to watch that the current situation with the ruble having some pressure, GDP growth forecast for Russia is coming a little bit lower than the previous forecast. I mean the whole situation around that region is a little bit -- not extremely helpful, so we just have to see how this going to unfold during the year. But as our forecast for the market is at the 9% to 11% decline, we don't see actually that we should revise anything else in our estimate for the year -- for this year at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I can talk about this year, as you know, we have ended up and what I see generally the industry has ended up with price increase which essentially just passed on the VAT increase, so I don't see much of the profit pool enhancement in the market. If you deduct the estimated market decline for the year actually coming slightly negative rather than a positive that's for this year; and I think talking about the outer year would be a clear speculation because we also need to see what is the decision of the government with regards to the planned second step of the sales price increase from 8% to 10%.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we post -- essentially post the test market in a few locations for the Marlboro 2.0 architecture. All tests, all three locations reported very encouraging results. I mean the perception of the Marlboro Red really start changing. This is what the brand needed. We think this is the right thing to do to reinvigorate Marlboro Red and somehow replicated I think a tremendous success which we have achieved with the Marlboro Gold a few years ago when we revamped Marlboro gold. So I think it's overall the move in the right directions. We will be rolling results sequentially in the number of markets. To actually give you a one single out one or group of markets where Marlboro have the best of the potential, if I am looking at the last couple of years Marlboro performance, frankly speaking, Marlboro has the potential in every geography. And I think the Marlboro performance in the Europe against all of this negative macroeconomic trend is just confirming that the brand can serve the very stormy waters irregardless of the situation. The brand is and I think is going to be then in a better shape than it used to be in the past. So I will not volunteer to single one market when a Marlboro would benefit. Obviously, we can talk about the Russia, but Marlboro Russia is more than just the Marlboro architecture, it's the product propositions and a couple of other factors.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we're currently above the current ratio -- sorry, the current payout ratio. Listen, the divined, as you know, is the decision of our Board, so I think we need to be patient and wait until the September Board and see what decision the Board will make. What I can say at this stage is that I think we have in every single year since we become independent; we've been rewarding shareholders irregardless of some headwinds which we had on our reported result. And I can't say anything more at this stage, but I think we had a track record of generously rewarding shareholders.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think that L&M continues to perform well in all markets. Actually L&M total share and Marlboro share was pretty strong -- came strong in the many markets. You have -- and I think Marlboro actually for the quarter went up by the four times of a point if I'm not mistaken, okay in the segment, in the EU segment. Chesterfield had a bit of acceleration. I think Italy has contributed to that. We had some situation in Italy when the former euro price segment has doubled up was the end of the last year. I mean I have said it in my remarks the tax system in Italy is pretty inefficient. Actually I would characterize it as one of the most inefficient systems within the European Union region. We have entered the segment by repositioning Chesterfield. The brand picked up very nicely, so I think it also contributed to the overall performance of Chesterfield. And I think in other larger market volume-wise when the Chesterfield picked up very nicely, I think recently was Poland, but I don't think it's much of the mix. All brands across the price -- irregardless of the price segment positioning are delivering a very strong share growth.
Jacek Olczak: No. We have fact that we need to restore the competitiveness and put our grip on all key price points in the market, and this entailed that we have to absorb the tax. And then if Marlboro continues selling at the equivalent of the PHP1 per stick. Fortune, we're now trading I think at the retail at the slightly below the PHP2. And we have much the key brands of Mighty, our key competitor there with the Marlboro and it's always the Jackpot and Champion. And I think this is very much behind our market share performance, but the part of our strategy and we have made it very clear, I believe, as of November or so last year that we need to regain our competitiveness in the market. And one of the key elements of restoring the sort of a level playing field I think also in this market.
Jacek Olczak: No. I think the major would come from Japan. And you will have some movement across the number of the markets. I think there was Russia slightly contributing in the things. Yeah, this would be the main one.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think we had very a high pricing variance last year to some extent it’s driven also by the one-off in Bolivia and the Philippines, right? So, that thing will not repeat, if you like, this year. But if I compare apples-to-apples, frankly speaking the pricing variance this year we don’t see why this shouldn’t be in line with our historical average sort of annual pricing variance.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we have now made some advancement versus what we have announced in February. So we’re approaching much higher number, and frankly speaking there wasn’t – we have more advancement in terms of announced and realized pricing than we had in February.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think the decline in the governmental tax revenues in the last year and a continuing for Q1 is something that I believe makes the government looking more closely, I mean, what have led to the situation. As I said, the system is inefficient. It’s very heavily – most heavily in the European Union scaled towards ad valorem component and many other markets also during the crisis. If you look at Spain to some extent, not fully, but France – I mean, that is typical of high ad valorem markets, they have recognized the weakness of the structure and the system and they have moved ahead. I believe, Italian government will -- is closely looking and they will reach the same conclusion that the more specific component is actually better system also from the revenue, the governmental revenues perspective.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think their price point has –is one of the key elements to play there. As I said, I mean, Dji Sam Soe now, I mean most of the packs sold in the market at 13,000 rupiah per pack of 12. So, I mean, clearly we are well above the 1 rupiah price point and retailers try to even round up that price to 1,500 if not more. While the Djarum and the GG, I think, if I not mistaking, the key brand competing with Dji Sam Soe now still have sums volumes below 12,000 and I would think about the half of the volumes – maybe slightly more than half of the volumes at the 12,000 per pack. So they are just now hitting the sum around price point. I think, the issue is the market when you have a pretty frequent sort of a pricing increase. So I think it’s just a matter of a time when the pressure on the Dji Sam Soe should ease going forward. This is from a price point perspective.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think it is due to the size and the structure of the trade of the country, you don't have the price increases which will hit the retail and consumers in one given point in a time. You have this – you announced the prices, you introduced the prices to the trade and you might at have in a given point, in any given point a coexistence of the prices – two or three different price points per pack and…
Jacek Olczak: And as part of the rolling price increases, I mean, you rather work for the average price in the market at the retail level in order to upset the competitors. Now, I thing to add maybe that, you now, historically the Djarum brand and the GG brand, they were also trading or retailing below Dji Sam Soe, right. So there is maybe some element of the price cut, but I believe it is more the element of the one price point of the 12 per pack – 12,000 rupiah per pack, 1,000 per stick.
Jacek Olczak: The market in a given one moment – in a given moment will cross the ones price point. We had a same situation with Dji Sam Soe when the Dji Sam Soe was crossing the 500 rupiah per stick. So it’s not that we have not upselled with Dji Sam Soe that the brand was nicely growing. We are the first ones to cross the round price point, at that time as I said, 500 rupiah per stick. I mean, we get there little bit of the share pressure and then we will recover. So I mean, let’s see how this is going to play this time.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think that we should expect some less of the share pressure moderation or flattening of the share actually towards the second half, or in the second half of this year. Here Philip Morris in Indonesia had a little bit of pressure on the share if you look at the Q3, Q4 last year. Okay. So we planned it grow at a much faster rate until about the mid of the last year than – okay, Dji Sam Soe again crossed this 12,000 price point, we started observing the pressure. I think we need to just let this period somehow lock.
Jacek Olczak: I think we will have to stay a little bit of patient until everything is revealed in the market. So when we’re talking about the future programs, I can't actually tell you much more in detail than what in the market that they announced. But obviously there is the things which drives, so the element which drives the market, i.e. innovation, modernization of the product perception, et cetera, I mean, it’s something which is in the books.
Jacek Olczak: Not at this stage. I think that the last week of June the Investors Day which we will have here for the investors community is the great opportunity for us to disclose more details, how and when and we’re going to go into the first market. But we are very excited about it.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. I think the kind of pricing in Euro – I mean, it’s actually Italy, right, because Italy is lacking some prices, as I have said this earlier.
Jacek Olczak: That Italy has this significantly inefficient tax system. I mean I was somehow compounded by the fact that it increased the VAT. They have not -- there was no offset on follow on rate. So that puts the pressure on the pricing in the region. As I said, I mean, let's remain hopeful that the government sees what is the driver of the entire -- their revenue is also collection performance and how this going to be addressed. Meanwhile, we concentrated on holding a strong market share. Our share essentially came flat. Marlboro came flat. This is despite the fact that we see some down trading between the medium and the low segment for this full euro price segment. Chesterfield now is the significant player or key player actually in the full euro price segment, so I think we have some grip in the market. But that's essentially what is behind the pricing in euro, which I think I said that we have recently announced the price increase in Germany over €0.20 per pack, so I think this should also change the bigger picture going forward. And when it comes to Brazil, I don't know if you asked the question, I think the market in Brazil for the quarter I remember was about 2.6% down, I think the market was about $17.3 billion. And our market share nicely grew to about 15.7% or I think improved by the 1.4 points -- it was 1.4 points for the quarter I think was our share.
Jacek Olczak: As we know we've very much strong focus at in the south of Brazil. And we had a plan of enlarging our presence there. And we are going from the south slowly to the north of Brazil. And this is also attracting volumes up. So step-by-step, I think we're making a very good progress in Brazil as we did however for the last couple of years.
Jacek Olczak: Yes. I mean the color -- in terms of the color as always at the beginning of last year we observed 2013, we observed that sort of phenomena in Italy and not even a quarter later -- sorry four quarters later the product is actually, or the attractiveness of this product is fading out and there is no volume, no impact on the market. Based on my knowledge of that category I don't see why France shouldn't play the same way. I mean we know what are the negatives, if you like, of e-cigarettes cigarettes in terms of a satisfaction, meeting the consumers' expectations, etcetera. So we now see this in France. As I said, I saw that last year in Italy. I saw it sometime ago in Germany. I saw it sometime ago in Greece. I can start mentioning the market. And essentially the trend is very much being repeated across the country. So it goes for the rapid sort of a growth. It's a lot of -- it confirms that there was an interest. And I think for a good reason the consumer is looking to this alternative, but the product as it is today in the market is not delivering on the consumer expectations.
