Jacek Olczak: Okay, it look it takes a bit of time in each market to build necessary capacity infrastructure in order for the national expansion. So, I mean what we have learned so far from experience we have with the commercialization of IQOS is that that is the start always with one or two cities and start building the expansion based on what we had been learned and what we have installed in these cities. This requires quite significant employment of additional sales force but also creation establishment of IQOS stores, boutiques, Brexit stores etcetera. So, we always will need that runway and essentially opening in these markets earlier does not put at this stage that much of a constrain on available capacity but allows us to build faster much broader ways ahead of 2018 or 2019. So this is how we look at this thing. And as you might have noticed Chris, we also have making now the decision to take this theoretical capacity expansion of a 4 billion per month which we have announced half a year ago that we have that option, we have decided to essentially implement this plan. So, we already committing ourselves to this 100 billion year-end capacity next year to essentially accelerating our plans.
Jacek Olczak: Look, I mean at some markets when we have posted in the quarter some more sizable market share loses, we have highlighted in my remarks and in my remarks the sequential development. So, in both markets we can see the improvements Q1 and Q4 or the sequential within a quarter etcetera. So, I think we keep that strong grip on the conventional business in the market where we for whatever reasons under pressure. I mean Italy is a little bit more complicated because on the one hand we were focusing on a combustible business while also building the base for the IQOS. But there are some problems in Italy which frankly speaking beyond our power to execute as we noted the tax structuring in Italy is not very supporting for narrowing the price gaps, Marlboro is above the Marlboro in a conventional business, on a conventional cigarette, is above the €5 price point. So, I guess there will be some pressure on Italy on Marlboro in Italy in a conventional business continuing for the year. But on the other hand, Germany still continues to be on the strong term, France despite the fact that we have a first quarter, I know it’s bit early of the plain pack implementation but France posted very good results in a quarter. And the rest is purely the comps. Remember that we are comparing the first quarter to the relatively strong, weaker declines in Q1 of the first quarter last year in Argentina and then we had this in the last year for tax increase. The others, number of average geographies but we also faced a bit of most challenging comps in the Q1. What came if I may ask is what came as worse than our expectations frankly speaking is Italy and Spain when we have to take the inventory adjustments. I mean, we know that comparing to the Q1 last year, we will have to adjust but I think during the TPD buildup of inventories and especially in Italy conversion of stance or ban on the sales of tones. We have anticipated the higher conversion of tones to twenties when it comes to the retail stock replenishment and I think this went this come weaker than we thought, is it over or is it going to continue, we will have to see. But anyway I mean we don't expect any major at this point inventory adjustment for the year. So, at least this had to be in these removed and as I said number of the comps if you look both in the yield but in other regions I mean we sure we should have it, I mean it should be more helpful and more supportive. And as I said, we still feel confident on the total volume outlook. Obviously, as you know we're focusing more on the combined volume, otherwise we will have to start making a number of assumptions with regard to the cannibalization etcetera but I think they are good proximity that we can close the year with the volume performance at par and may be even slightly better than what we have had for the full year last year.
Jacek Olczak: Look, we have said it I guess earlier this year that we look and we can reconfirm this here from this today, we are looking at the revenue growth above 6% and earlier we have said that we are still looking at the margin, operating profit margin expansion somewhere in the tune of 10 to 20 points. Clearly we could say that to achieve that better margin expansion but it is not factored in increase investments namely behind the IQOS. This is both on the OpEx and operating cost and I announced as we announced today also on the CapEx to prepare the capacity. So, I think we well invested frankly speaking on the both sides both on a combustible, although there is some reallocation or allocation of the resources from a combustible business to reduce these product but I think we feel that pretty comfortable with the investment which we plan to make this year as I said to support the revenue growth above 6%.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, a number of times recently I'm being confronted with this question, Vivian. Yes, we gave that outlook I guess three years ago or so. And I have already admitted, maybe I shouldn’t, I have admitted I think at the Cage Conference a few weeks ago both numbers seems to be wrong. Either 2020 was wrong and we are going to keep the target well ahead of this deadline or definitely the volume number was wrong. I mean, you could at the pace which we are cruising today, we see the penetrations in the markets are in Japan; it goes well above the 3% to 5% which we have marked the target for 2020. So, you have to give us the time to really put our brace around what really the size of that opportunity today. Clearly, it's a much bigger opportunity that we have felt two years ago but they would refrain from giving a new target at this stage. We have also said to investors that in 2018, somewhere in 2018 we'll try to come up with a new improved vapor for PMI and I guess this would be the best timing to put some milestones what we want to achieve with our big objective to go to this smoke-free future as PMI.
Jacek Olczak: Judy, you will appreciate but I can’t comment on our future pricing decisions, at least at this stage. So, we will have to leave it as it is now.
Jacek Olczak: Look, we just look at Sendai and maybe the data is not fully reliable for us and for our competitors. They are our competitors there but I think in Sendai in the quarter, the total heat-not-burn category must have crossed 20% market share. What I hear, what I know from our side and what I hear about our competitor without operating with some sort of a capacity limitation and I know that they are quite awaiting in Sendai and other places in Japan to buy IQOS or competitors device, which tells me that demand today is 20% and is growing and it has a large portion of unsatisfied demand. The people are not allowed to buy devices because the devices are not available. I wouldn’t be surprised if Sendai category and heat-not-burn category in Sendai would cross the 30% share of total market by the yearend and may be even that number is wrong. I think we clearly can see the word of mouth in fact that people have been adults who have successfully managed to quit smoking and have moved to heat-not-burn category and sharing the benefit with the peers, with their colleagues etcetera. So, it’s a classical word of mouth type of an effect. Category is gaining awareness both in terms of its existence and the benefit that category work for us. So, it's our long goals for the great future but I think is a big question now what is really the how long that growth rates are going to be there and what is the ultimate size of that thing. Is it a 100% of the market? I guess, no but people, this is you remember me saying on number of occasions, this is not the most innovative industry if you look at the history of this industry, right. The filter cigarette, the filter bud and that's about it. And then little bit about the capsules and a three or four months. It still get a while to convert cigarettes, conventional cigarettes from a non-filter to filter cigarette. But it happen in a less than in about five years 10 years depends on the market. Maybe, we in a front of such opportunity here, we'll have to see. I mean, it's all goes into the right direction. Obviously, Japan is a little bit in a better situation due to the marketing channels availability compared to our markets etcetera. But even if we start factoring this in, you may just this feel to the on a timeline of the curve, the difference of a one or two years but since that the product might have -- there are consumer sizeable group of consumers, very sizeable group of consumers who are waiting for that one.
Jacek Olczak: Well, there won't be impact on the CapEx in '18. We have not announced the number of the CapEx for '18. So, we have to wait a bit, till the thing which we have. The Greek numbers, which your or number for the Greece conversion, Greek factory conversion is included in my 1.6 for this year as CapEx impact on the cash flow. And then I guess we will have other factory conversions, the capacity expansion capacities, which we'll be announcing as the year unfolds, in order to build up that 100 billion. Okay, because always is the question of the machinery and equipment and is obviously the questions where we're going to host and when we're going to locate that manufacturing capacity; especially we're thinking in a context of converting existing combustible assets.
Jacek Olczak: Bonnie, we remember, kept on these two many occasions. We haven’t test platform two in the first quarter. We have said we're going to test it later this year.
Jacek Olczak: We have P3 and the P4 as well in some cities or in some locations. But we have not done this test yet.
Jacek Olczak: To my, first to think the IQOS lower talks on heat-not-burn category is by the first country-by-country but it would be better or a higher benefit than a 20%. I guess, Japan is in about plus/minus 20% benefit. That's one. Second is, from my knowledge, frankly speaking, I don’t recall a country in which we have commercialized about frankly speaking to commercialize in which the heat-not-burn category is not classified as a lower with a lower tax benefit.
Jacek Olczak: I might be wrong, but I don’t think so we have any single country to their market today, when we wouldn’t have the when heat-not-burn wouldn’t have a lower tax classification.
Jacek Olczak: So, that’s even excluding the tax benefit, we are premiumizing our portfolio and we're operating with the positive mix product mix category territory. Secondly, as we roll out and build up the capacity, we also are gradually lowering the cost of the manufacturing. So, as we have said from the very beginning of our journey in this new category, we would one should expect that one day the consumerable the HeatSticks will be manufactured at the very close unit cost to the conventional cigarette. So, I have a cost approaching the conventional cigarette and I am operating at the margin level of the premium segment. So, would be equal if I would have a rapid expansion of the Marlboro volumes across the geographies. So, at least from a mix perspective, I am better off. At this margins clearly market-by-market are better than my other profit margins or unit margins on my entire portfolio.
Jacek Olczak: Well, okay, I mean Japan is clear that the trial is frankly speaking limited because it build the factor of how many devices we allow the trade to sell. So, this trial is -- the number doesn't exist in a sense. I mean, there are the line of people a waiting list for the devices in many shelfs. So, the trial is people are buying and getting the device. In other markets, frankly speaking the trial rates are about the same as we had mid-term in Japan. In a sense, when we went to from a 60% coverage to the national expansions, you remember we have lifted the trial rates and we have lifted the conversion rates and all of the markets and most of the market where we are now with like or say enjoying about the same at the same statistics and the same leading KPI view if you like. Remember that the trial, that the product which we selling other our selloff through our selected trade partners is only for adult smokers. Right. So, we don’t have that much interest if at all from the non-smokers but by the other all the roles of conversion, the product is only allowed to be sold to adult. It's obvious because it's a tobacco nicotine containing product but also only to the smokers. And that's also important for us that we don’t create an unintended consequences of when it comes to people who successfully quit smoking or people who never smoked before.
Jacek Olczak: We will have to go geography-by-geography and how we look at this trends. If I take the significant market share erosions which we observed, one obvious comes for example, Philippines; very sizeable market and we have a total significant share losses and it obviously waits on a total PMI of volume and a share performance. But we have highlighted very much that instead of protecting low margin volumes in absence of the proper law enforcement when it comes to compliance with regards to the tax takers, we just about two years ago changed the strategy and what goes on managing the more growth, the price reduction of the price gap and so far the strategy is very successful. Marlboro grows significant market share despite the fact that there is some down trading in the market. And secondly, we in a double-digit bottom digit, bottom line policy either of territory. Then you have some markets where the trends okay Indonesia is as we know is the continuous shift between the hand roll to machine made etcetera. I mean, that in the recent launches which we have made in the machine made segment including the Marlboro Black kretek, which quarter in a market and not in a full even distribution has achieved the very strong 1% market share. So, that by Indonesian standard is very strong. And also both the initiatives etcetera. I think so far there goes well. While we grow the markets share Indonesia, I mean, that remains to be seen. Can flood the market share, I feel as well positive about this one. That that's the large markets, we done a short fluctuations of share erosions matter for PMI. Then you have the market which you have typical sort of a Q1 distortion which are driven by the price increase patterns, which is take the Mexico, you take another in just as the timing of the price increases may change year-on-year, makes up a different purchasing pattern by the trade and therefore you might have this fluctuation. Now, we are watching carefully the performance of the combustible business and we obviously as always watching very carefully the markets are perform. I have mentioned other performance in Italy and I call it off as that’s going be going to stay for a while because there is a structural problem with the market, is a pretty wide price gap, lack of effective tax solutions at the bottom of the market. On a compound, temporarily I hope with the elimination of the packs of 10 cigarette, it's obviously Marlboro has some quite significant exposure in that part of the market. Spain, okay, it's always when you cross their price points, you need to softer for a couple of quarters until -- either the market takes the next pricing the consumer has adjusted let's say. On the other hand I have a very high priced Marlboro in France, and continues to grow. So, I hope that on my at least partially help to unconfuse you.
Jacek Olczak: We should have, well, maybe I'll turn it to the other. And I think as of Q2, we should expect a much more robust revenue growth which is a combination of a pricing better volume makes which frankly speaking we didn’t talk about the mix plus a 50 in the quarter by mixing the Q1 much better or much lower than the mixing in the Q1 last year. So some of the – as I said as of Q2 we should see much stronger volume sort of revenue growth on the rate to as I said to achieve that of 6% for the full year net of currency revenue growth.
Jacek Olczak: This will be off take market share. It depends on the market we state are available but we usually refer to what we call market sales, so it’s not asked to the distributor but is distributor sales. It may not in our markets be of the retail but to retail now depends.
Jacek Olczak: There could be some distortion from the devices, but as we said for the full year 16, when we’re announcing full year results, I mean, roughly, devices in the RRPs related revenues should account for about 20, 22% somewhere in this range. So it might have a bit of higher shipment of the devices. But I wouldn’t look at this purely from the quarterly perspective because there are different services obviously applies and we’ve to start shipping more devices in order to follow this order to higher shipments of the heat sticks. So you’ll always will some distortion there. On the IMS basins and maybe go back to appropriate question before, on IMS basis by recall the shipments of, at least in Japan, sorry, an IMS basin the sales, in Japan, quarter-on-quarter grew about 30% and then what we see is about, if there is any distortions in the revenues presumably more from other location and devices.
Jacek Olczak: I want to say that Japan, I think Japan is somewhere straightly in-line with the secular type of decline. So I think Japan is in the – in this 3% to 4% type of a decline altogether, I mean all the categories and I don’t think in the longer term this should change ups and obviously any other changes to the market. But as we’re today I mean, this is one should expect as a baseline for Japan total category should be some more I think in the range of 3% to 4%. Now there is some, I think JT was taking some price increases on a C category, okay. They were relatively lower total share, but I think there might be some elasticity kicking in and always on a quarterly basis Japan numbers, you have to properly, one have to properly adjust for all the pipelining of the new product launches on a – it’s always on a conventional business, but I think it still continues. There might be some comps as well when JT was taking – last year [indiscernible] as I said nothing today would indicate that the total category trend in Japan would be outside 3% to 4%--
Jacek Olczak: We start shipping, we start slowly lifting the quotas for Japan as of Q2, but we will not be in a position to significantly lift it before Q3 – the devices because we’re still catching up with the capacity of HeatStick. But capacity of HeatStick every month from the January, February, March, we’re already increasing it, you can see this in our shipments and we’re going to continue doing this for the whole year.
