Jacek Olczak: The largest weight on the supply of devices compound by fact that we observe more and more consumers, converted consumers who decided to own more than one device. But that obviously creates additional bottlenecks in those devices, which we shipped instead of going to the new consumers in July. I mean, they go to the existing consumers. Obviously, there is some impact of some competitive products. As you know, they are not nationally available. I’m very pleased that even in the places where they are available, I mean IQOS continues grow. As I said, our total highest weights to the device availability rather than our dynamic in the market, but you’re right to say Adam that the higher you are presumably it’s more difficult to grow. But I still would think we have quite the runway to deliver in Japan.
Jacek Olczak: I mean we wish to grow the market share of IQOS in Europe in the level, which we have in the Japan and Korea, just the operating environment is different. I mean the market in communication and the channels for the communications, which are available to us in Asian market, are not necessarily available are not available in Europe. So we are in discussions also with the regulators and we’re doing our efforts because it is mainly based on the one-to-one marketing in July. And obviously takes time. So, if I would compare the efforts to which we’re putting in place and the productivity of those efforts in Europe, they’re pretty high. Now, I know that we why are particular into company we’re excited about IQOS but I have with my experiencing in this company reflects the one thing. All European markets, despite the fact that some people may perceive the growth of IQOS to be a lower than I don’t expected in the Asia, are well ahead of any comparable product launch in a combustible category. So we know that we're pushing the right product in the market that we focus on a right product in a market. And there is no discussions that will continue with that. I think 2018 as you noticed Italy after some period of time is now crossing one share of the market, I think that 2018 in many markets in the Europe will be a turning point. But we just have to continue to stay focused in ways than what we’re seeing is working conversion rates from those who we approach who purchase device on a very high level. So I think it’s just the matter of the effort and the results are going to come, and there will be a tipping point or turning point in this markets where word of mouth would start playing much higher role to the extent as we observe in Japan and Korea.
Jacek Olczak: We have highlighted this 2 billion little bit or more than 2 billion inventory movement essentially Japan, driven in Japan. This number contains as you might have figured it out yourself contain reduction of inventories on combustibles, because the volumes are going down. And bringing the inventories of IQOS to something that you will consider the sustainable level, which the moment where we start the low thinking of device capacity, et cetera, which allow us to continue supply the market without any disturbance. It is not a typical inventory build-up, which you have ahead of the launch and later on or next period, you take adjustment for -- I do not expect that the pipeline of inventory to Japan to the normal level, which would correspond to our anticipated demand for the product would have to be reversed in 2018. So this is not a classical think, which we had traditional, conventional business that is inventory movement to the positive in a one quarter or one period, we’re resulting in a payback period, negative payback periods in the next period. I do not expect this to happen with this one. So yes, we highlighting that we shipping the product ahead of IMS or will be market sales, but we need to build this inventories operation, we cannot run to normal operations and they should stay in our base also in a base of our revenue growth for 2018.
Jacek Olczak: We’re building inventory to the desired durations. And as you know, when your targeting duration is always the question of the forecasted future sales we know where the outlook for the demand is. And therefore, obviously, three months of inventory. For example, three months of inventory today in Japan is a much higher in absolute terms that the tree months of inventories year ago. And that obviously create optically or in fact creates the inventory moment, but essentially I'm just trying to keep the inventory, build the inventory to what we think is the right level. Taking into considerations that the product is subject to the surges in the demand much higher than any other launch new products in a conventional business, and bearing that in a mean time until we have a full capacity in other locations in Bologna that have to manage the risk of continue each of supplying the market.
Jacek Olczak: Purely on a pricing front, the biggest surprise to the negative unfortunately came from Russia. Like all the pricing for that launch in a year, net pricing, net manufacturers’ pricing just readily passing the January talks, came as a surprise. And due to the size of the market and our position in that market that clearly put their big pressure on our numbers. And I have to admit at the beginning of the year we knew that the pricing is getting a bit -- not as we already expect, but I admit that at the beginning of the year, we didn’t talk that it's going to last for deadlock. If you want to see a rainbow, maybe you will have to go for the rain. So I was saying it’s presumably should go well for the 2018 because the prices are moving slowly in Russia, so at least '18 should look much better versus ’17 as we have now. But Russia was clearly the only market on the pricing, which got reached took us by to the negative place to price. If I look at the German and a few other markets, if you’re referring to some delay in price increases et cetera, Judy, it was always like this. So this is not that I'm happy about it, but it's not something which is surprising. I have seen it -- so it’s a little bit of the normalcy in there. And then obviously this whole GCC in Saudi Arabia, in particular in the quarter, which is a mix of the prices went up so the industry platform is very heavy, very high target increase. But the market is reacting as is reacting to the 100% price increase. I think and many investors have underestimated or underappreciated the size of the GCC in terms of the volume, but also profitability. Saudi 2016 was a market of, if I remember correctly, around 32 billion units. PMI Philip Morris has about 41% share, Marlboro is half of 28%, actually more than a half of that is Marlboro there. Margins and this is where that you will see it -- margins in Saudi available of PMI average margins and clearly Marlboro is well above the Marlboro average PMI margins. And the market goes at least at this stage by 30 or more than 30% down that starts putting quite a significant pressure on our financial. I have to say it like this. We have, both at the beginning of the year this guidance of 9% to 12% EPS growth, and I know today that if not Saudi and Russia we would be flying well above 12%, well above 12%. Knowing what has happened to IQOS, which comes very strongly. If I wouldn’t have a Saudi and Russia we would be flying well above 12%.
Jacek Olczak: We have said that IQOS will be breakeven in 2017. And actually in the quarter, IQOS already contributed total PMI to the bottom line. So, as we’re actually going to do the better...
Jacek Olczak: Judy, maybe one day I will, but I did not today. But we said that we breakeven, we essentially coming to the breakeven in Q2 about and a Q3 confirm that there is a net contributor to the bottom line, which is very handy, if you like, also from a perspective that we have this again Saudi and the Russia, Russia event. So despite the two severe adverse situations, we can still deliver, in my opinion, pretty strong result. There is one component when we talk about the investment in our IQOS. There was this component of devices. And we have been saying from the very beginning, if devices to some extent being inflating, if you like, our revenues, but we not make margins on the devices quite opposite. Devices alone are a drag on our margins. And if I would do the calculation and excluded devices from take last quarter Q3 results, my margin, my OCI margin would be up somewhere in the range of 80 basis points to 90 basis points. And what went on a one hand is a positive because if consumers are buying second device, it means that we’re really built better even loyalty of consumers to stay with IQOS, which is very good also versus the potential competitive and result bringing the market. But on the margins, it puts a little bit of pressure. As you know, as of mid of the year or second quarter of this year, we started to leave the prices of device and targeting about $110 worldwide, it will take us a time when the device price will go up in market. So, we’re trying to address. But obviously, devices will not be as accretive to our margin in the bottom line as HeatSticks or combustible products. We also have to be careful when we look at the numbers.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we’re always weighing the opinion that the product whereas the different tax treatment in the combustible classical cigarettes. So, on a one hand yes I mean in Korea tries to move the tax up. I think they are recognizing that the product should have, should enjoy the different taxations than a combustible. So we’ll see where we lag. The decision is not final. But my understanding is that the product will have a real enjoy if you like a lower taxation with combustibles, which taking into consideration, the risk profile et cetera of this product is absolutely understandable from any aspects, public policy smokers, et cetera. So as you know in some countries, the tax differential is very attractive on RRPs or IQOS versus combustibles. I don’t think in a long, long term that level of a tax differential will be maintained, if stays perfect. But I do think that there will be -- that this product will enjoy a lower taxation within the conventional cigarette. Remember also is the growing understanding of a harm reducing principals, in which the product innovation plays the important role. Even the most recent FDA announcements squarely fit into this direction. And I would assume that the tax policies, as many other regulatory policies, will do differentiate both categories to the benefit of the reduced risk policy.
Jacek Olczak: Well, if Russia pricing environment would improve faster or earlier, essentially would be squarely in our 9 to 12 or in the -- or then has to go to the 9 to 10. The Russia alone would clearly -- or shorter duration of this price situations in Russia is like, would keep us in the upper end of the guidance. I said before that GCC in Russia is this wouldn’t have happened this year, but would be well above 12%. I don’t want to quantify this one, but I'm not talking 10 or 20 basis points, we will be flying about 12%. Assuming that IQOS obviously stays as is, which is coming strongly -- is coming very strongly. So as I said, it’s very handy on the one hand that we have this great performance of IQOS, and it is coming at the moment when we have to somehow mitigate financially, if you like, the pressures which will have this year in Russia and Saudi. Saudi will continue at least from the annualization perspective for that next year. We’ll have to see where the markets stabilize. They have some other part of the GCC of the Gulf operation council countries to change excise, the way it’s changing now in October. But Saudi alone is a 65% and profitability is even more. So I think the biggest identified impact and a drag we already have there.
Jacek Olczak: It’s just Russia is I would add to it normally would have, which should have been, if you like, there is a level of pricing in Russia now. Our pricing variance would be squarely in what we’re always saying, 6% and 6.5% actually. So that’s presumably we know that we are now below 6% and still pretty stronger price realization, is just the missing component of Russia. I mean it's all our countries. There are countries, which in effectiveness of a tax structure et cetera pricing is always a bit of a questionable, because it’s a big trade of between volumes and pricing, like Italy and France, for example. But there’s other -- the no known type of a market. Other than that, yes, I mean there were some delays in pricing in Germany. Frankly speaking, every time when we have over the last few years, has been taking prices in Germany they were always delays. So as I said earlier, it's not that it makes me happy but this is not surprising. I mean Russia I don’t think anybody achieved the success in Russia with what has happened in Russia is positive.
Jacek Olczak: No, I don’t think we lost the share in any of this place. The only place which we have highlighted, which is going -- which has a growth but this is a very -- comparative other others small growth is Spain. But that’s a different thing. But Germany -- I mean Q3 the numbers were 0.6 for the quarter, 0.4 quarter before. So remember that we do not present really in Germany, we presented in a few cities, so the focus is there. I’ve been recently in Munich and I think the thing start working slowly. Germany is not -- I don’t want to offend anybody, not a fastest market in the world. They produce the fast, but things takes time in Germany. Therefore, I'm very much looking somewhere in euro that I can focus more on markets like Germany and others.
Jacek Olczak: Well, there’re obviously some interactions from IQOS users with competitive products and vice versa as they cannot especially and they cannot buy IQOS. The feedback we’re receiving is that the taste wise and overall experience and the taste is very important, because people using a product for a satisfaction and satisfaction is stage. IQOS seems to come very strongly. So at this stage, to be very frank with you, I’m not that much worried about the competitive offering here. But obviously, there always will be a trial in new category and why people should believe one product presentations in a category, other products are in the categories, we always will have the trial -- trying the other propositions. But nothing really which would disturb me at this stage. As is innovation, we are working also on further improvements of our products and I guess competitors is exactly focused on the same aspect. So, the game is over. So far we’re winning and I hope we will continue winning.
Jacek Olczak: I think our focus will continue to be on the dividend, even at the times when our balance sheet was or is under pressure. We’re still under pressure. We still haven’t recovered where we should recover for -- to be in line with our prescribed ratios coming from credit ratings. I don’t think in the near-term we will get back to the buyback unless there is a sudden reverse on the currency. There are currencies we have to come each time positive to us, I would have to be in the times of a better weak dollar that we would recover fully the desired balance sheet trends and start thinking how to deploy the cash to our shareholders in other forms than just dividends. So I think our focus will remain on the dividend and reward shareholders for the dividend, hopefully dividend growth.
Jacek Olczak: Well, definitely we’ll deliver revenue about 7%, and the upper end of the guidance always is on the revenues alike. It’s always a factor how many devices we’ll be able to ship and how many HeatSticks we’ll be able to ship et cetera. I think we have a good view now on what's going to happen to the volumes and the price in Russia GCC et cetera. So it’s just on this one. Remember I think was a quarter or two quarters ago, I said that we're approaching a time when we have up 7% in revenue and I do hope and actually I think it will become a new norm for PMI. So as a mix of the volume growth and the pricing growth, I think is a good quality top line growth, which the Company is capable, is able to offer now. And obviously, we’ll be may be much higher that seven in this quarter was -- you could see the quarter revenue growth even if I was to be very aggressive and adjust the entire revenue growth by the growth, by contribution of devices, which as I said earlier answering one of the questions are drag on the margins, at least at this stage. I still would be well above our past target, if you like the 4% to 6%. The thing we approaching with PMI at the time this type of top line growth should become a -- not necessary on quarters, as you know very well, we never manage the business quarter-to-quarter, we focus in the longer period of time. But I think this is what we can, when we can deliver what we can achieve.
Jacek Olczak: Higher than last year, obviously, we're not increasing versus what we've planned for this year. We’re just implementing the plans. There is this variable component, as I mentioned earlier. We've seen that investment, one should also count that the devices if you like or some loss on the devices and that’s a variable component because consumers decides to buy more devices than one per person and obviously, somehow increases the investment. But as I said, we're working for the pricing in our schemes will address it. But on the other hand, we're essentially -- we have first manifestation of the loyalty of the consumers, because while consumers will buy will purchase more than one device if they are not sure to stay with that product within a category. So I would read it very positively for the future periods. And that’s -- this means that we have a consumer and the consumer is happy with the proposition. As you know, we're rolling out new versions of the devices. I think this will become a norm that every period or so, there will be additional devices. There was a growing demand for accessories for the personalization, et cetera. I think that Japan obviously will be on the forefront because there is a larger at this stage consumer groups to serve. So there will be other revenue and hopefully also margin from the big opportunities which are ahead of us. So the things which are coming a little bit faster than expected and may put some pressure, again this multiple device ownership this year with the negative margin finally. And we take a bit of a pressure, but I think it's very good for the next period.
Jacek Olczak: On a fixed states we should now, if you remember, we have targeted year end installed capacity 50 billion, and now with the latest plans and the installations, et cetera, I think we should be above the 60 billion here at the install. So we’re already lifting the numbers. We’ll update in the investors community in February, or what is outlook for the capacity for next year. As we’re still locking in some plans, but that I think, on the HeatStick side, we start getting comfortable. Device I think as of this quarter, as of last or the fourth quarter, we should also be okay. We activated the second supplier, which offer is as even bigger capacity than the first one. So I think as of beginning of next year, assuming our forecast for demand is what we have decide, I think we should be -- we should have a first year of the start of a normal operations when it comes to the supply side of the equation.
Jacek Olczak: Okay. But I don’t think that -- well, I am not saying acquisition. I'm just saying that I don’t think it's going to drastically change the dynamic in Indonesia. Philippines yes, actually so the positive happens to be also JP. So my focus in more on the Philippines than in JP and Indonesia.
Jacek Olczak: Because not in all markets we can say what we know about IQOS and what I think we should say to consumers that they have an access to the full information what this program does versus combustible cigarette. As you know, these regulations -- regulation is always a somehow retroactive, if you think, if you like in a sense that it’s difficult to regulate the things, which are not in the market. They are in the market and then a regulators start thinking what to do. So we’re not operating in the regimes where it’s clear we recognize that this is a heated versus combustible tobacco product. And therefore we can make X, Y, Z type of claims. So we have to somehow adjust to the local market regulations conditions, et cetera. We know very well that consumers could switch to IQOS, who adopt the IQOS, pretty quickly and they experienced. If they fully switch out of the conventional cigarette, they’ll realize the benefit of switching to the product. I mean the symptoms, which they experience, are very much similar to those who have quit smoking, so they all positive. So this is the word of mouth consumers talked about the things, but this obviously takes a bit more time. The second thing is that in different markets, you have a different marketing channel still open, being the communication channels where I can advertise when I can talk to consumers, et cetera. Some markets we only -- I give it a example of Germany. In Germany, we can use outdoor but very few things we can say on this outdoors by regulations. So I think there will be some development soon. But for a time being, we are little bit restricted. In Italy, theoretically, we can say more things or practically we can say more things. But I don’t have outdoor or print and we essentially restricted to the communications in the tobacco. The tobacco this is nothing else than the convenience store when the people are coming for 20-30 seconds transaction time. So all of this markets each of them has a different type of challenges and we have to adjust our structures and infrastructure in this market to take the battle. And as I said earlier, essentially with the consumer one-by-one knowing that there is consumer number X, which will be a tipping point and then the whole thing will create a snowball effect, which we have created in Japan or very fast actually in Korea.
Jacek Olczak: The new variant, the menthol with the flavor, I mean it was very well received. As we producing -- we're shipping what we’re selling was we produced. So is also behind. There is obviously some, if you like, internal cannibalizations and now in the presence of more variance consumer are switching from other variants. Variant is responding that face variant is responding through some taste preferences, which were existing or exist in a combustible business. So we will try in some markets to -- there was an important segment in terms of taste segment preferences, we’ll try to cater to this need. But so far is essentially Japan. And with regards to pricing in Japan, well you know the history, right. We tried we ended up with a Marlboro price increase. And I guess for the New Year time, it’s going to stay unless there are some changes around the taxations in Japan. But I think for the long -- for the first time in a long history PMI in Japan, we’re frankly speaking Japan is missing nothing in terms of generating the growth of OCI in a current situation. Thanks to the fabulous volume performance. We’re frankly speaking and we have a phenomenal OCI growth in Japan and somehow pricing. If it comes it would be nice cherry on the cake. We obviously know our positions on the pricing in the market. But what was always the bottleneck in Japan that you cannot grow the market without the pricing. We actually found the solution that you can grow the profitability in the market absent the pricing, which normally should have happened but it’s not taking place.
Jacek Olczak: Platform probably start in the second -- platform will go to the test market this year, but we still have not announced where we're going to do it. The 60 billion or about 60 billion is a year-end annualized capacity. So with nothing on the capacity for next year, which obviously is not the plan, 60 billion plus we already have in pocket. And obviously we adding the machinery and then activating the other factories in just Italy. We actually have the first shipment from production and shipment from Romania factory. So, I mean it goes as per planned. So as I said, we’ll update on the capacity in February. So there’s capacity, remember initially we targeted 100 billion year end 2018. And because now we will start the year with a higher capacity is obviously logical that the year-end installed capacity 2018 already will be lifted at least proportional.
Jacek Olczak: You will have the markets well I mean -- in all of this market, we always balance where is the right moment when we want to go national. And we tried to build a much bigger larger IQOS communities within a territory. And therefore as I said very often this national market share are not really reflecting the pockets in which we focus. And we have places in Italy, in Switzerland, in Germany, where locally if you like markets are 2%, 3%, 4%, 5% depends on the location. But this is how we want to build the whole thing before we start spreading the results is to thinly around -- across the broader geographies. If you look at the markets also, we started already some developing market, which is also very important in our strategy. I think on the chart we had Colombia, which came to the 1.4% market share in Q3, very strong start. So we will be in a number of geographies, trying to either open the market for the first time is was is starting with a one city, two city capital cities. And in cities where the market where we already presented with some cities to assess where which markets, we think this markets and already for the national expansions, taking into consideration also availability of the marketing channels, et cetera. So how labor and capital is like intensive, this might be for us to the next year. But I think what we have created through to 2017 is a very nice base of a market to select from for 2018 expansion plans. So I think this was our objective. And some markets may go full speed 2018, some will go 2019. We have now the luxury, if you like, of a choosing how we want to push the pedal there.
Jacek Olczak: There is investment behind IQOS remembering the total cost, you also have just the impact of IOQS, right. So on a purely COGS, due to cost on the COGS, due to cost. The cost will be flat, very marginally different, due to COGS. Now, if you take the volume impact, you will have a positive on combustibles because we produce less and you have a negative, if you like, on IQOS because we produce more. And actually that negative on IQOS offsets the positive on a convention.
Jacek Olczak: It would be driven by Philippines on the volume, Australia on the volume mix, and the rest would be on that positive side. I'm just thinking what drove those CI and where were the variances coming from.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, Australia is presumably is also the mix component. Philippines should be on the positive need because Marlboro is nicely growing there, but volumes are lower. And I guess there was in Australia, if I remember, there might be some other smaller markets also there.
Jacek Olczak: Not really, because the production is still ramping up. If I would take the year-to-date production versus what we have shipped, or sold if you like, I think the delta is literally couple of billion, I guess. So this is somewhere in the pipeline and the factory warehouse, et cetera. So now we’re shipping to, because now we start having some level of inventories in Japan. Japan is not much restricted on the HeatSticks sales. But obviously, they can supply the market with the HeatSticks, but if you don’t generate the new consumers because you have devices, that is becoming the bottleneck. So I guess as I said in Q1 I assume when the devices should be in the free supply and HeatSticks will have an inventory and will continue to be in a full supply, we should start seeing a first quarter of operations result in constraint on neither the device nor the HeatStick.
Jacek Olczak: Well, to some extent, yes because there’re two processes in making HeatSticks, one is the tobacco processing that process is shared between platform one and platform two. So capacity can be shared when it comes to making the final product, the stick, the HeatSticks and the platform two will have to have different machinery. So partially, the capacity is within this numbers, partially capacity for the P2E within this number. But remember, we’ll go to the test market this year. We’ll learn, start to assume that we may need to modify something and then we’ll start thinking whether the right markets when we start launching the P2. So I don’t is that much of a issue for us in 2018 that will obviously have some capacity for 2018 then we’ll have to decide how we want to expand that capacity earmarked only for P2 going into 2019 beyond.
Jacek Olczak: No, the machinery line is different. We always were saying the concept of putting few components together and formula route, which is a cigarette or the HeatSticks is the same. Therefore, we’re trying to -- our objective is to do it as much as possible within existing facilities because we can use our people and the scale. And therefore, the learning curve is heavily picking up, but machine wise or CapEx wise, if you like, this will require a separate program, separate investment.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, but I think we also have learned how to build the capacity on P1. So, once we build the first RRP factories, remember that the quality assurance processes are different than in combustibles, et cetera. So very likely that P2 will be produced somewhere along the P1. So I think there is a lot of part of investments, which were made behind the P1, will serve the P2. But that will require a separate dedicated equipment.
Jacek Olczak: It’s us it’s just our cost because we cover the air freight. This doesn’t change anything on the revenue recognition, because always somehow like factories to warehouse, et cetera plus-minus. But this is always at the center of manufacturing. It technically creates, optically creates that higher inventories, which somebody was loading to at the beginning of this call today, because when I have air freight inventories, how long is the plane flight, is a flight from Italy to Japan. You could assume next day you have a cigarette on the other side. When I put the cigarettes on the boats on the ships and obviously you count the eight weeks or so of either inventory, revenues recognize, but inventories not as accessible to the market for further commercialization because it’s on water. So this is just a technicality of this thing. But as we’re trying to put the HeatSticks to the same model or operations models which we have combustible. There is a significant different in shipments and the sea shipments, air freight…
