Hermann Waldemer: Okay. Look, I'm in the first and most important statement here to make I believe is that our underlying business fundamentals remain strong. Just look at our Q1 results, I think, they are a testament to that statement of that fact. The second point really is that currency is more favorable now and we’ve decided not to reflect that favorability in increase of the guidance because we took a more cautious stance on Japan overall. So I wouldn't link it to this June event only. It is just – look, we are five months ahead now of the October 1 tax increase. And at this point in time, there are kind of only two things that we really know and more things that we actually don't know at this point in time. So what we know is, yeah, there will be this excise increase on October 1 and the roll over on the margin neutral basis is 82 yen per pack. That we know. The second thing we know is we have decided not to implement the previously approved 20 yen pack per price increase in June, but what we don't know is then the consumer reaction we will see in the market the price elasticity, adjusted in Q1 without any price whatsoever, volumes were down in the market by 4.5% about we don't know what the trade loading patterns are going to be, what the competitive situation will be and therefore, what our final pricing decision will be which we haven't made yet.
Hermann Waldemer: We have really, of course, I mean, you have a couple of excise developments. We all have heard about Turkey or Greece or Romania. And we know that the situation remains difficult to start from an economic point of view in Spain. But there are also other elements like a slowdown of the down trading in Russia continued good momentum in Indonesia, so then we come back to really a worldwide business and the balancing effects of a worldwide business.
Hermann Waldemer: I would say that contains a kind of the middle of the road assumption for Japan. But as I said in my remarks, Japan is of course the biggest uncertainty in that forecast..
Hermann Waldemer: Yeah. Okay. Look, I mean we all know that price increases that tend to happen more toward the beginning of the year, because this is when governments also make their budgets. So that number of course has further increased. I don't have the precise number here. It will be in the neighborhood of 70% by now.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, there's always a little bit of inventory movement. I mean the shipment changes on the Japanese market, always clear over there. There is nothing underlying or on the fundamentals from, the impact really there, the unusual or unique thing, onetime thing is those $6 billion volumes in the Philippines, where essentially the margins on those volumes had been taken, if you see they have – before the business combination, before the transaction, that is why when you consolidate them in and you resell them to the trade, you have no additional margin. That is a onetime effect there.
Hermann Waldemer: This is only – this time one time impact, which has to do with the around the acquisition. That is part of the – around the transaction of the acquisition, around the transaction. It is a onetime impact that you see that way on the consolidated numbers. But that is not going to be repeated. So the only other thing which of course you will continuously have is overall, emerging markets margins tend to bring down OC I margins initially, because these markets tend to have lower margins than the average. But that is usually an initial effect only.
Hermann Waldemer: Look, I mean Romania, unfortunately, is an example of how not to do it from a government perspective. There were several price increases, tax increases already in the market. April, September of last year, again, January this year. Now, illicit trade has literally exploded, doubled from before, 18% to 36% now. To crack down on this, is much more difficult than to take a reasonable decision beforehand. So of course, we try to help. But the real help would be there to come back on decisions, which rarely happens. In markets I must say. So yeah, it has driven prices in Romania to a point where I mean the average net income in Romania is anything between 1400 and 1500 Romania leis. And the pack of cigarettes is in the range of 10 leis. I think that tells you everything. It just went beyond. The government took it too far and that is what we are faced by now. That will of course not meet the revenue targets. I hope that it will come to a more normal situation, but I don't give you a short-term hope for that.
Hermann Waldemer: It is obvious that in difficult economic times, it is more difficult for a premium brand than it is for a low priced brand. So therefore, in that environment, I think the market performances are very, very good performance. And there are so many examples around the world. We talked about in this, before in Asia and Latin America, where the growth is, actually, even if you didn't look a little closer into Europe, this is not an EU problem either, because there are a number of important markets in the EU where Marlboro is doing pretty well as well, with substantial increases in share like Italy, Portugal, Poland, or also the Netherlands would be good examples. Then if you really looked into where we have share declines, then there are specific reasons. Germany is really a very price sensitive market that you can recognize that from the growth of trade brands renewed of growth of trade brands in the market. What did we do about it? Well, we have established now L&M at the low end of the market. And it's doing extremely well and almost compensating the losses there. So that's why you can do in such an environment, or you go to France, there actually we have a second premium brand, which is almost picking up the share losses that we make for Marlboro which is Philip Morris Filter Kings. And then you have two others with Greece and Spain, where the declines are simply linked to the economic situation. So there are specific problems here and there. But if you take it all together, I see many more positive signs around the world than problems. And with the problems you have to deal.
Hermann Waldemer: No. I wouldn't go to a specific number here. It was a sizable number. It is by the – highlighted in our remarks but I wouldn't want to quantify.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, you know that forward-looking pricing I will not comment. There is only one thing out there which is a fact that as everybody knows, VAT goes up by two percentage points in Spain in July.
Hermann Waldemer: Right. It is not being imposed. It is implemented as appropriate on a market-to-market basis. The European markets – we are pretty well advanced. On a worldwide basis there is a lot more to come. And I would even go that far to say look, it's not a program that has just to be worked down and then we are done with it. New Marlboro architecture innovation is an ongoing thing. It is about having a pipeline always ready that kind of brings you into the next three years and that is what we will continue to do.
Hermann Waldemer: No. There is no such rule yet. There is no excise tax advantage in the Japanese market, but the retailers, yes, can load more if they want to.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, as I said before, I don't know what the situation is going to be. We have not made our pricing decision yet. It is just we felt that at this point in time, five months ahead of that date, it is prudent and wise to take a cautious stance.
Hermann Waldemer: We had a sequence of event in the Japanese market as well. We initially decided to increase our prices by 20 in June. As we all know, you have to go through an approval process, with the Japanese government there and we did that and we got it's approved. And then thereafter we found ourselves in a fairly uncompetitive situation as other companies had made different decisions. So our final decision in this case was to give priority to volume and market share over profitability.
Hermann Waldemer: No. It is actually perfectly in line with our approach. When we make pricing decisions for any market around the world and we will look at the level of the excise tax or the increase of thereof, we will look at the excise structure or the change of that structure. We will look at government revenue expectations. We will look at overall affordability, expected price elasticity or consumer reaction and we will make an assessment of the competitive situation. And after having done all that we will make a pricing decision. That is valid for Japan like it is for any other market.
Hermann Waldemer: No. There is nothing specific in there. This is timings on a day-by-day basis. So it's a little lower than we typically run, but these are normal fluctuations, just nothing specific there.
Hermann Waldemer: Hi, Christine.Christine Farkas – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: I just as a broad question I think every quarter, every year you talk about the potential for pricing to be more difficult or the ability to take pricing to be more difficult. And your price variance is still pretty stable at $449 million as you have indicated. I am wondering do you still feel the same way are you still comfortable with your ability to take pricing at this rate? And then I have a follow-up.
Hermann Waldemer: It was a one-time in the quarter.Christine Farkas – Banc of America/Merrill Lynch: In the quarter. Thank you very much, Hermann.
Hermann Waldemer: Look, I mean just start if you all know it's not a – has never been a phenomenon around the world. I mean let me pick therefore the most important market really in that context, which is Russia. And there just is a couple of things, when I look at our distributor, ex-distributor sales in the market of in the first quarter. Then I see that premium volumes are still down 12, but no longer 13, 13.5 like they were in the fourth quarter. The growth in the value and below is about 11. But it was 16, 17% in Q4. A look at our Nielsen market shares. I see that Parliament brand is flat at about 2.9% market share. I see a high mid priced brand Chesterfield that is picking up share of 0.3% to 3.3% of the market. So these are good signs, there that things begin to improve. So it’s signs of recovery. It isn't recovery, yet. It’s not up trading yet. But the day will come. So up trading therefore is not a question of if, it's a question of when in this important market.
Hermann Waldemer: No, no surprises. What I said about leaf is what I had communicated also earlier, so no real big surprises there.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, I don't have the revenue share here. Or I don't know it by hard. But the revenue share, of course, is clearly higher than our market share.
Hermann Waldemer: Yeah. Look I mean, overall, of course over this time. The share of premium in that market has come down and the share of low has gone up. I mean that’s not a surprise. Being able in such a context to increase your market share means that you do have international and local brands at the lower end of the market, which enable you to capture these down traders and actually, in particular Bond Street has been doing extremely well in attracting those smokers. So it is the benefits of a complete portfolio that you see in Russia. But that this is a certain effect is clear. But at the end of the day in dollars, the margin is flat.
Hermann Waldemer: Without the windfall? Should be pretty, pretty similar, yes, it should be pretty similar, absolutely.
Hermann Waldemer: Well, let's go to the neighboring market there is go to straight to Ukraine then. The situation there is actually similar in terms of market share gain. We did achieve market share gains in the Ukraine as well. However, the market actually has behaved differently. The market has been contracting, driven by a series of excise in price increases, but actually contracting more or less on an equal basis. So if you look at Q1, total market actually, then the premium and the low of the total market I'm talking now is pretty much the same. And you have a little bit of a change between mid and value it just below mid.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Yeah.
Hermann Waldemer: Okay. I mean in the Philippines really I mean the transaction, our combination of the two businesses that has really just started. I think our guys are doing a tremendous job and the guys from FTC do a tremendous job they are to get being together now. We have got to give them some time. The brands and the portfolio are complimentary. I think we can learn from each other in sales and distribution. We can look at manufacturing for the focus for now really isn't all that for the rest. Let's wait and see. On India, really the thing is, I mean, you have seen that there are further restrictions actually on foreign investment that have come up in India very recently. These actually should not have an impact on our business. We have established last year a new business structure in India that has laid the foundation for organic volume growth in that market. So we have an entity we control, which is the – is holding the license for the international brands, then the manufacturing. And the distribution is happening let’s got the Philips, so we don’t manufacture in India to start this so we are not hit by that new regulation. I think we have a good structure in place, but to translate the Philippine model into India is probably not too well because of Indian regulations.Thomas Russo – Gardner Russo & Gardner: Thank you very much, Hermann.
