Jacek Olczak: There is some mix pressure, obviously, coming mainly from Asia, from Australia, but I think it’s more due to the increased investment, as previously anticipated or announced, in the second half of the year. We have increased the investment in Q3 and we will have more of the investment going into Q4 for the reasons which I mentioned in my remarks, so this is what stands behind the movement in operating margin.
Jacek Olczak: Well, we could see a better performance of Lark partially following the successful morphing from Philip Morris into Lark, and also some marketing initiatives which we put behind the brand. Lark obviously is also slightly more—you know, lower price than the premium brands in the market. I think it’s a little bit too early to say what this pricing move—you know, unequal pricing moves over 20 and ¥10 have created in terms of a dynamic behind the brand, but yes, I think Lark is doing slightly better than Marlboro in this comparison. When it comes to that adjustment which we’re making in Japan, it’s essentially we’re trying to adjust the inventories to reflect the total market outlook and still year-on-year. I mean, our lower share, as you might notice, we stabilized our share on a sequential basis but versus last year we’re still down, and these adjustments are essentially to represent (indiscernible). So I think you have—just to give you a number, I think on the inventory you have about half a billion units on inventory adjustment in Q3.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the trends essentially are the same trends which I talked about, that we talked about at the investors’ day on the second quarter. The consumers aren’t moving into (indiscernible) system. I think we all know the reasons behind it – I mean, the first product launches in the e-cigarette category are not really satisfying the consumer, so the acceptance rates are falling down. That’s about the trend. Most of the markets, in essentially all of the markets, we see the same, so it’s just the continuation of the trend. Now does this give us more optimism behind iQOS? I think it was more than a year or two years ago when we said that the current technology behind the e-cigarette doesn’t (indiscernible) that well. We think that iQOS is by far a much better satisfying product. We have confirmed it in our tests before going to the test market. As you remember, the acceptance rate—I mean, consumers who fully switched from a conventional cigarette, combustible cigarettes to iQOS proposition were really very high – they were reaching 30%. I think we were encouraged by this result and hence we’re going to the test market. So I don’t think this change in the trends or continuation of this negative trend in e-cigarettes gives us more confidence behind the iQOS. Frankly speaking, we have that confidence, so we are a very high level of confidence when it comes to iQOS.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, this is how we positioned the product in Japan, although we are not disclosing the details for Milan, but you understand our philosophy – I mean, that has a benefit, therefore, I think that product deserves to be sold at a premium price, so this is—I think we’d state what we have said before, that that’s the positioning based on how much effort we have put into developing this product, despite the fact that we’re not claiming other benefits in Japan. But we are aware about also the science which we have put in validating the benefits of this product. I think it all comes together and makes this product deserving of being put in the premium segment, at the premium price.
Jacek Olczak: I wouldn’t go into 2015 at this stage. You know that our practice was we always gave this—we talk about the impact of the currency at the time when we give the guidance for the year. One thing, which I’m not presumably disclosing anything new, if you look what is happening in the currency market over the last 24 hours, 48 hours away, it’s an extremely volatile market, so I think it’s another presumably reason when it’s better not to give any number or confirm any sort of range at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, there is a bit of the impact of the yen. The effective rate will be higher than 98. In the revised guidance for the currency at the spot rate which we gave today when we revised the impact by an additional negative $0.11, yen actually just (indiscernible) contribute $0.01. I mean, most of the impact which we get, which we have in this $0.11 additional is coming from Russian ruble and the rupiah, the Indonesian rupiah. So yen just adds an additional $0.01, and very much because last portion of our cash flow to revenues from Japan is already—was already hedged.
Jacek Olczak: No, actually the volume, the shipment volume I think was down by 0.4. The shipment volume was not up. Market share was up, and this partially is why our shipment volume is better than overall market performance. It’s partially coming from the strong performance of our brands. The share advancements which we are realizing in Russia at the tune of the (indiscernible), so that’s significant. There is obviously some timing of the shipment to our distributors, but I think overall it’s the performance of both Parliament, which you know that’s very positive if you take into consideration the magnitude of the pricing which we have realized in the market, but also Bond Street, so it nicely—you know, I think the portfolio there is nicely complementary, and that stands behind the better share and hence the better shipment versus the total market.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, sorry – I missed this one. Not really. I mean, you see our outlook for the full year even, taking into consideration the implemented and announced price increases in Russia, it’s still that the market is going to decline in the range of 9 to 10%. If you would just calculate what is the resulting price elasticity, everyone would realize that Russia is a very normal for our category for a tobacco category elasticity range, so that (indiscernible) at this stage any headwinds coming from the currency, from inflation or other macros. Now, this is the situation as of today. We will have to obviously watch, and we do watch carefully how the situation may unfold into the next period, but as I said, I think our comfort on Russia is also coming through the well-laddered portfolio of brands, and I’ll repeat myself, starting with the premium Parliament in the premium, going through the value, mid-price brands, low price brands. So I think on that one, I think we should be able to hedge any potential headwinds if they were to materialize.
Jacek Olczak: I mean, the pricing – yes, it was very low pricing. The variants coming from the EU this quarter, it’s partially the timing when we took the price increase in Germany, and obviously there was a negative – which is in this number – coming from Italy. Just to remind, we are in the VAT absorption for the three quarters of this year, obviously, including the third quarter is going to be about behind us around the mid of the fourth quarter, and obviously there was a Chesterfield repositioning. If I would look in detail market by market in the EU region, I would see—I can see the positive pricing variance coming essentially from most of the countries, with the exception, as I mentioned, of Italy, so Italy is an overall drag, if you like, on the pricing variance in the region. Obviously downtrading – I think again I would have to go to Italy. I mean, Chesterfield, which is now—you know, recorded market share well above 10%, there is a bit of a decline of Marlboro to the tune of about a point. So yes, there is some downtrading, but this is also the reason why we have lowered the beginning of the price of Chesterfield in order to stop total market share erosion on our side.
Jacek Olczak: On the pricing variance, because on the OCI, as I mentioned in my remarks, one of the tests markets which we’ll be conducting is in Italy, is in the European Union, and the second EU was on the forefront and is on the forefront of the rollout of Marlboro 2.0 architecture; hence, in our remarks I think I made this comment that despite the fact that the volumes and our shipment volume is performing very strongly and is great for this year and even greater for 2015, however this year our profitability will be impacted as we cannot convert it into the profitability growth due to Marlboro 2.0, iQOS and some underlying costs due to shutting down the cigarette manufacturing at our factory in Holland.
Jacek Olczak: This would require a significant change to the risk profile, if you like, which we’d like to have. I mean, as is presumably known to the community, most of the impact of the currency on our results comes from the translation, and the range of 70 to 80% of the impact which we have on our translation is not on the transactions. So our philosophy obviously has an impact on our reported results, but I don’t think we should be moving closer to something which would add an element of speculation into—volatility into our performance.
Jacek Olczak: There are some hedges which we’re doing on the—associated with the leaf purchases in Turkey, but most of the hedges are around the yen and the balance sheet hedges on our positions on the euro.
Jacek Olczak: Certainly, Chris, I will give you color; but I would start with the 2013 fourth quarter, because if you would look at our performance in 2013, you’ll realize that our phasing of the costs in the last year was much more skewed towards the first half of the year, or the first three quarters of the year. So adjusting apples to apples, I had $200 million positive cost variance in Q4 of 2013, so that’s my starting position going into Q4 of this year. It is now combined that the pattern of our spending on initiatives is much more skewed towards the second half, and in particular to the Q4 of this year, and that actually creates the swing on the cost Q4 on Q4 going in the range of 400, maybe 400-plus even in this comparison. (Indiscernible). Now, drivers of this additional—of this investment in the second half or in the Q4 of this year is, as I mentioned in the case of the EU before, is iQOS launch in Milan. There was some preparation cost already falling into Q3, but most of that will hit my Q4 results. Marlboro 2.0 would be the remainder part of the markets in the EU which would roll out the Marlboro new architecture in the Q4, and there was this underlying cost associated or related to the closure of the factory.  To give you magnitude, the underlying costs which we carried this year due to the restructuring both in Holland and in Australia is in the range of about—will hit my Q4 results in a range of about $40 million. So you start adding these numbers, you will see why we’re saying that the Q4 results—I mean, it will not be as great as Q3 or Q2 this year, and this is reflected in our guidance.
Jacek Olczak: No, it didn’t get any worse or didn’t get any better. As I said, unfortunately the heavy discounting and the competition in the low part of the market, as it intensified at the beginning of the year, it continues to be pertinent, and I think it’s maybe also to be more on a positive side, one of the competitors made an assumption that you can have volume growth in that market by being very aggressive on the price. You will not break the strategy until you switch off the volume growth of a given brand, so I think what we’re doing, part of our strategy despite the fact that it is obviously costly financially, I think it actually may lead to bringing some logic to the behavior in the market. So this is all in our guidance. I think versus the Q2, especially at the investors’ day, which I think prudence at that time had dictated that we had to recognize that there was this potential headwind coming from Australia, I think at that time we were waiting for more confirmation of positive trends coming from other geographies, which were nicely materializing in Q3. But as I said, I think it would be imprudent to bet on this development in Q2, and now we’re in a very comfortable position to say that this lower end of the range, of the guidance which we gave at that time, is no longer something which we should be worried about, and we can comfortably deliver in the midpoint of that range. The drivers, I think, are well known – EU had a spectacularly good improvement on the total market, and our market share continues to do very well. Indonesia is a very positive surprise – it’s coming. We knew that the market might be stronger, but I think last quarter Q3 has confirmed that the market is going in the right direction. Also, the growth momentum—you saw our OCI, adjusted OCI growth in EEMA and Latin America – I mean, they’re really coming very strongly. So this is very important for us, not only from a Q3 perspective but I would say even more important for us from a 2015 and beyond perspective, that the roadmap which we have laid down for this year, we step-by-step made progress and therefore we should return to the higher level of growth in 2015 and ’16.
Jacek Olczak: Okay, I’ll start with Italy. The tax restructuring in Italy is following its normal legislative process. We expect the objective is that this should happen still this year, so it would be implemented as of January 1 next year. I mean, that’s the objective and we’ll see how it works, but as I said, the restructuring is being discussed and is following the normal Italian legislative process. When it comes to plain packaging, the second question which you raised, there’s nothing really new which has happened recently, because we were aware about Ireland, we were aware about U.K. Yes, there was a statement from the Ministry of Health in France that she would propose the legislation implementing, calling for implementation of plain packaging. To date to our knowledge, this is not a governmental position and no legislative initiatives have been made, at least to date, into this direction. Now, litigation which you have mentioned quite rightly, it’s obviously in our tool box of actions which we can take in order to protect the extremely valuable trademarks which we have. But there are also other elements which we are exploring before we reach into litigation. But yes, there is litigation which clearly is something which we will not be shy to use if this is what will be required by us. One thing which is important to note when we talk about the U.K. and Ireland, if I am not mistaken, there are nine countries today or member states in the EU which have raised their concerns to Ireland in particular, and I think there are two countries already which have raised their concerns to the U.K. vis-à-vis they announced or the indication of introducing the plain packaging in this country. It clearly demonstrates to you, or demonstrates to us that a number of member states in the EU itself are pretty much concerned whether this is the right policy to be implemented, both from the perspective of the principles of internal market – and let’s remember that the whole purpose of creating the EU and the legislative powers which were given in the form of directives, were to support the development of internal markets. Frankly speaking, plain packaging is not necessarily something which goes in this direction. So yes, to summarize this, plain packaging is an element in our tool box and we will not be shy to use that if this is what will be required.
Jacek Olczak: No, mostly in our revised guidance, the largest impact was coming from the ruble, the rupiah. The yen, as I said earlier, was $0.01. We obviously had a positive Swiss franc on the cost side, which more than offset the negative coming from the euro.
Jacek Olczak: No, I think it was more from the ruble. I think it was more from the ruble on the transactional side.
Jacek Olczak: Tax treatment in Japan results that the iQOS HeatSticks will pay a tax about 20% lower than the tax on cigarettes. It’s classified in a different tax category for the reasons that it is not a cigarette and this is not combustible, so there is another level to the tax category and the Ministry of Finance has decided to classify this product there. It’s also very much similar to what has happened with the competitive product in that market – I mean Ploom from JT, which also is classified in this tax category. I can’t tell you more about Italy, about the tax classification, but as we have said also during investors’ day, I think we have a pretty strong case that this product, for various reasons, should enjoy better taxation than the combustible, conventional cigarettes. Now, how this will materialize, we’ll have to see, but this is what we, in our engagement in the various markets, took the direction which we take.
Jacek Olczak: We had said, I think, at the investors’ day that we’re looking at the range of 2 to $3 billion for next year, but obviously the final target, final amount will depend on two factors. One is obviously the acquisitions, and second is also importantly the development on the exchange rate, which obviously with our limited headroom to further leverage the balance sheet in order to support the single-A rating, that’s something which we have to and we are watching very carefully. When we give the target in February, the target will reflect the development or potential developments on both sides, so I don’t want to go into—you know, commit to any number for next year. As I said, we will announce it in February.
Jacek Olczak: Vivien, we’re talking about the two levels of consumer testing. One is the consumer testing in terms of the all over test, which obviously will be done—we will be doing first; and then there’s the consumer testing in terms of launching into the selected city or close to geography. So always, we’re going in the same—we will repeat the same sequence as we have done or as we are doing so far with iQOS platform 1.Vivien Azer – Cowen & Company: Terrific.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think it was subject to us concluding the clinical studies and closing the entire scientific package which is to support that submission, so the clinical studies as per plan, we will be completing them in the mid of next year, second quarter next year, and then the preparation for the pack of submissions can only really start afterwards.Vivien Azer – Cowen & Company: Very clear. Thank you very much.
Jacek Olczak: I think we are looking at little bit on a longer time span, not just the quarters. As I indicated in my remarks on the 12-month moving basis, the market is in a 2.4% decline. I think the 2% sounds to us—seems more realistic for the full year. Maybe it’s going to come a little bit better. I have to admit that Q3 came better than we expected, so that we recognize by changing a little bit—changing the outlook for the full year. The market may come better because there’s not much in headwinds which I can see in the market – actually, quite opposite because as long as nothing is dramatically changing in terms of drivers of the bit lower performance last year, i.e. fuel subsidies or removal of partial fuel subsidies. I think there was spikes in food inflation. I think that these things are slowing coming behind us, so maybe the market can even do better. But let’s see. I think 2% is about to be realistic, the realistic number as we see it at this stage.
Jacek Olczak: There was sequential growth of share in Indonesia, quarter-on-quarter and also within the month. This is very much driven by the fact that Dji Sam Soe competitors, main competitors of Dji Sam Soe have crossed the critical price point of Rp12,000 per pack, and as we expect at this moment that Dji Sam Soe will compete with the brands without this obstacle, if you like, of the psychological price point. We should observe the better performance, and Dji Sam Soe is coming actually now flat on the third quarter and year-on-year, so we stabilized the brand. Obviously our entry with extending the brand into machine-made kretek, both on full flavor and lighter variants, helped a lot, so this is very good.  So yes, we’re growing sequentially there, and I think we should expect this going through the year, although I think for still on a full-year basis we will be below our market share of the last year. But I think it’s a very nice starting point which we’re building already now into 2015.
Jacek Olczak: There is. I don’t think it’s that much of—I mean, there is some mix pressure, but you have to remember that there’s a different tax level also behind the different price points and the different category of the product, so the margin differential is not necessarily fully translated. It can’t be fully translated just from the retail price perspective.
Jacek Olczak: By the regulatory ramifications which we have in Japan, we cannot have a discount on the HeatSticks, on the Marlboro HeatSticks.
Jacek Olczak: It is an introductory price, and the whole offering, the introductory offering to the consumer, which will be going for the iQOS heating device, tobacco heating device.
Jacek Olczak: I think it is positive. I think we all would like to have oil lower, right, at lower prices, especially Indonesia where the market, its consumers are more sensitive. Yes – I mean, that is the right direction, hence as I said earlier that it might be that the volumes in Indonesia will do a bit better than the 2% for the full year. I mean, let’s see how this develops, but it’s positive, you’re absolutely right.
Jacek Olczak: Well, the benefit is coming from in the past or in the year 2013, what we—the way we operated our structure in Egypt was that we’d been selling just the materials, the components, i.e. tobacco (indiscernible), et cetera. The manufacturing was taking place outside Philip Morris by the partners in Egypt. As of this year, we’re fully owning the entire approach, fully owning the entire process, and we recognize the full cost of manufacturing, so this is all materials plus the conversion, et cetera, but also correspondingly we recognize the full revenue, i.e. the price which we’re charging to the first customer. The impact of Egypt, of this accounting or reporting reflecting business structure, is in the range—at the top line at the revenue in a range of about $200 million. This is obviously the business organic growth which we are realizing this year, which is coming on top of this. But this is how much Egypt is pushing or increasing our revenue, but you also remember you have an offset in the cost base. So when it comes to OCI, the net benefit which we’re realizing due to the structure is not really inflating the numbers between the two years. But there is organic growth in Egypt.
Jacek Olczak: Yes, (indiscernible). Yes, there is an increased cost of iQOS which is already included in our overall target for the next year. Obviously when we come in February, we will give the proper detailed guidance for the year, but from the very beginning we said that we’re targeting 6 to 8% adjusted OCI growth ex-currency in 2015 and ’16, and this number includes the cost, also obviously in the later part of this period, the revenue coming from iQOS. So this is all included there, and there will be quite an increase or a substantial increase of our spending behind iQOS next year, but this number is included in our target.
Matthew Grainger – Morgan Stanley: Yes – thank you, it’s exciting. So two questions from me. First, I wanted to follow up on the price mix question, specifically for Europe. I’d expected to see some sequential improvement in pricing realization within the region, given Germany, Portugal, Spain, but that didn’t seem to materialize during the quarter but is more at the regional level. Market share trends were very strong – maybe that’s positive, but just wondering if you’re seeing incremental downtrading overall within your portfolio or shifts within Marlboro to some of the lower priced variants that are weighing on overall pricing realization.
Matthew Grainger – Morgan Stanley: Okay. So really, the only thing that would change much sequentially in the fourth quarter would be the headwind from Italy becoming less severe.
Matthew Grainger – Morgan Stanley: Okay. Then just to confirm, historically we’ve thought of your hedging practices as isolated within sort of euro-yen and perhaps dollar-yen. Are there any others that you are actively hedging, just when we’re thinking about the disconnects between our currency model and—
