Jacek Olczak: Look Judy clearly as I said in my remarks there is incremental spending by accelerating some 2016 launches of iQOS towards the beginning of the year and we have to ramp-up the infrastructure already and preparations already this year. As we increasing the investment behind the combustible business but as you have noticed I mean there we have a very strong momentum share growth momentum in a number of markets behind Marlboro and other international brands so we think it’s just the right time to further support the performance of this brand. And frankly speaking we slowly start looking more already into the 2016 we’ve had things that will have a very strong 2016 but we are trying to maintain that momentum going forward. I will -- you have to excuse me but I will rather not quantify how much is the next job but clearly will be above our guidance absent this additional investment.
Jacek Olczak: I think in Indonesia and specifically we had an extra expense in Q2 connecting with reallocating of the capacity between our hand-rolled facilities and the machine-made facilities. So this is more of the sort of the one timer but it’s clearly hits the entire Asia regions when it comes to the profit margins and overall profitability. I think for the full year, Asia clearly will have better much better performance that we had last year but last year Asia had a pretty I could say a lower lousy performance okay. But Asia is hitting towards their needs to -- is approaching their needs to long-term growth target. I mean they may miss it by a bit but I think Asia overall is looking good going forward for the full year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, first we need to make a decision which other new -- we actually - we’re finally pursue in Indonesia but -- so I was parked for a moment the question how will a distributor eventual proceed from the transaction if the transactions happened I will just close that question, park that questions for the later. As you know I mean there is on the one hand the requirements to have public flow of over 7.5% we’re clearly below that 7.5% on the other hand you have a increased out rolls which are not necessary the most effective versus somehow in between these two parameters we’ll have to make our decision. But I will just -- we have to wait there some time until we conclude what is the best option for the Company and the shareholders.
Jacek Olczak: We might come slightly above the historical average therefore the language which we use is they will brought in line so don’t haunt by $20 million or $30 million. But I think we are looking into the strong pricing for this year but overall pricing environment with the tax and the volumes total industry volume I think are playing on our side. So yes we’re looking for the strong pricing for this year.
Jacek Olczak: I think that’s not until the Q1 I remember the same questions would been asked at that time I said that we don’t really observe much of an down-trading growth or down-trading at all in Russia I mean as we are currently into Q2 yes there was a price increase which was hitting the market in between I mean yes you could see that the market somehow consolidate in middle I mean the super low price segments are losing the low price it’s gaining the premium is slightly losing. So yes you have a down-trading. And we’ve always had the Russia on the watch out list due to the underlying macros and the overall sentiment et cetera. Good news is that the Russian volumes I mean it seems that we are confronted with a bit better elasticities that we price elasticities which we initially assumed. Hence our revision that more likely or most likely Russia will end the year with about 8% or closer to 8% industry volume decline versus the initial range of 8% to 10%. The volumes for the year-to-date are pretty strong taking into consideration overall market situations and the pricing taken. So yes I mean a down-trading is where we start seeing. Now it’s not really a big surprise because Russia operates with a comfort and a matured market with a pretty wide price drops. And the gap between a premium and the low price cigarettes are much higher than would you for example seen in the Western or in the European Union. So yes there is some room for the consumers to at least temporarily mitigate some of the micro headwinds by hopefully temporary going to the lower price segment. But remember Russia is one of the markets when you see the down-trading if micro is a bit of reoccur situations improve we could see the up trading. Good news for us is that I think portfolio wise and I think this was supported by the performance of our -- two or three brands but bumps -- bumps through next to the bottom of the market and premium model parliament or a cost premium parliament which all three brands are gaining share. So portfolio wise we’re okay we still have to continue watching how Russia unfolds in terms of dynamics between the price segments.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I think the pricing was coming stronger and as planned I think you will slightly presumably would have an impact of some sort of a mix, I mean partially driven by Russia, okay, so this is what it is but overall I think EEMA is and Russia in particular we are expecting very strong performance this year for the full year both Russia and the EEMA. I mean a few other locations the upper geographies in EEMA which have a strong performance, North Africa I mean a few others so I think we feel positive on the outlook for this year for instance.
Jacek Olczak: Marlboro HeatStick for the pack of 20 is slightly below the Marlboro I think that it's 8 fracs 50 we decided to go in this market with Marlboro with 8 we have had a tax ratification and as in Japan in Italy iQOS HeatSticks are not classified as a cigarette product and hence will enjoy the lower taxation than the combustible cigarettes.
Jacek Olczak: Look it’s rolling as we speak as Marlboro 2.0 in the additional market as I said by year-end we should see the mark of about 100 markets so that essentially must covers most of our important geographies and as well we see and I think if you look at the performance of Marlboro in Germany I think it's clearly is an impact of a Marlboro 2.0 I think I would say that performance in Germany actually goes above our expectations and if I look at the demographics how we manage to change the demographic behind the Marlboro so it’s not just the market share current but also how the demographic if goes well from the future of Marlboro I mean Germany would be one of the market that we can see the further upside. But in general in essentially all geographies Marlboro the new support I mean all sorts of connected with the commercial approach et cetera, I mean the year the result.
Jacek Olczak: Well it is being replicated, I mean it might be to the -- not to that extent as in Germany but overall if I look at the changing demographics behind the Marlboro the LA 24 share the values of Marlboro of how Marlboro resonates more on the dynamic innovative sort of a brand. I mean this qualitative assessment of the Marlboro is by far better in essentially all geographies when we launch brand. I can't find in memory a market which wouldn't a big one. Our market share performance in a current period from place-to-place may also being targeted by the given the price situations I would call out for example Mexico, right? Where yes there is a bit of a down-trading in the market there are some pricing pressures at the bottom of the market so you might have a temporary sort of the brand share erosion but what we really focus on is to making sure that the underlying demographics behind the brands are getting better because this really once the pricing is unlocked also I mean that really will support or should support the further growth of the brand. So even in the market where Marlboro has a little bit of a share pressure within a premium segment Marlboro actually is the -- is performing very strong and is gaining share.
Jacek Olczak: Because as of existing as you remember agreement with Altria on the current generation of a cigarette product, and this agreement essentially will focus both companies will take them both companies focus behind the new generation of a cigarette focus I think Altria is bringing to the face of the table quite a knowledge on the existing products and other critical components I mean there we have our own research our own discoveries our own fruits of the investments in through R&D. And I think it make a good sense for both companies from the resource management propose the resources together and they work for jointly on the new generation. I think logically this should result in a acceleration of a development of a new generation cigarettes product and obviously in above us both companies could be in their respective markets faster in addressing the consumer needs. I wouldn’t you will appreciate I wouldn’t say how much in terms of a financial investment is required for obvious reasons.
Jacek Olczak: Look, if we are looking into sort of a sustainable share buyback program with where we have to go back to what took us out of the share buyback program with currency, and that’s clearly the, there’s a big headwind which we get from the currency and we have made it very clear that in underlying business performance whether you look at the top-line, bottom-line et cetera and the cash flow generation, it’s coming very seized, very strong, I mean the currency is essentially sending our credit metrics at the edge of our current credit rating. And therefore, we had to suspend it. So it’s the currency which is the main culprit behind the absence of the share buyback program this year. So we have to see the improvement on the currency front from this side.
Jacek Olczak: Not a health claim but I think we are moving slowly into making the reduced exposure claims and this is also the result of the six short-term clinical studies which have been completed as per plan and the study results, they showed a substantial reduction in a relevant bio-micros of exposure in adult consumers who switched to iQOS. And this is compared obviously to adult consumers who continued to smoke conventional cigarette. We have the result of the studies and I believe part of our communications in these locations and other locations which we have not disclosed yet will have a component of the reduced exposure claim.
Jacek Olczak: But they are two different things, reduced-risk and the reduced exposure. There’s reduced exposure. Based on the knowledge which we have today, based on the results of the clinical studies et cetera, I think we are getting into positions that we can make a reduced exposure claim, reduce risk claim is, I think it’s more of the story of the 2016 and depends on the regulatory framework in the countries in which we will be launching iQOS.
Jacek Olczak: I mean we had the pricing in the Q, beginning of the Q2, I mean it somehow sticks, not maybe the talk about the perfections you would like to see but maybe life is not perfect, so we have to live with what we have. As clearly Australia is much less if at all the drag this year and that it used for us last year and I think that’s also the outlook for the full year. We’ll have now the August-September tax price, hopefully price change as well. And we’ll see who this unfolds. You have somehow the down trading in the market. It’s a little bit slightly better but I mean it’s not really something which I think at this stage would put us into a jeopardy in terms of our total PMI performance for the full year. But it’s vastly better than the last year. But we would like to grow the profitability in this market rather than just the comp basis be better than the last year.
Jacek Olczak: Well, it is still early. I think the early results are good but that’s a bit of the longer runway clearly building a portfolio to reflect the current market reality dynamics et cetera. And if I can just extrapolate and I think I have a good reason to extrapolate of a Chesterfield from other international markets in which we activate, that brand should do properly its designed job in the Philippines market, Philippines markets as well. But it’s too early at this stage to start looking. Sales Marlboro what is very important growth, very strong either share and the volumes and that’s great because this is what, it’s a good reflection of the trend of the Marlboro and obviously reaction to the lower price is up. Fortune is not doing that bad, it is quite a lot of initiatives about our second brand which we have the fortune and I think this brand also has a great future going forward. And I think Chesterfield and L&M are the brands which will maybe initially complement the portfolio and maybe one day they are going to play a more significant role in the overall portfolio.
Jacek Olczak: No I mean with the credit rating which we should get it is about 2.5 right, because this is what is allowed for our credit rating if the cash if we deliver the cash flow for this year broadly with line with the last year, last year was about 6.5 slightly above the $6.5 billion that’s the nice cushion to have versus the dividend commitment which currently stands at about $6.1 billion-$6.2 billion so this is how we’re looking at the thing we want to have a nice cushion about a current historical dividend at the current level.
Jacek Olczak: I think the structures et cetera are completed or about to be completed and we’re now moving to the installings and equipment to the machinery so I think it all goes as per plan as we said the capacity from that unit in addition to the training center which is producing the initial 5 billion capacity should be available as of 2016 so very shortly we should have an access to the incremental capacity coming from this effort.
Jacek Olczak: Well, I mean the decision the mutual decision about dissolving the joint venture with Swedish Match was based on the fact that yes there is some potential for some product in some geographies as we made the progress. But I guess by standards or our standards the progress under both components the progress was slow so we just decided that maybe it’s better that both companies will just pursue the on growth opportunities and this is how we reached the decision of dissolving. Swedish Match sorry the joint venture with Swedish Match didn’t have a material impact on our financial so I wouldn’t count on any material reallocation of resources from Swedish Match joint venture to PMI.
Jacek Olczak: Well we have about slightly -- well we have above 60% for this year but I’d like to remind everyone that our financial policies that we constantly look at the 12, 18 months ahead. So it’s fair to assume that we already start hedging our cash flows from a yen cash flows for 2016 when we’ll be giving the as was always the practiced tradition the guidance for the 2016 in February we’re going to update on the number, what is our current hedge ratio for the 2016 but as I said we already looking into 2016. And yes that is essential.
Jacek Olczak: I think from a reduced-to-reduced perspective I mean as most theories has a potential from a consumer acceptance perspective based on our experience in a few geographies when the joint venture has launched the products and then commercialized the product that is things that this is with the longer shot that we were thinking, okay this is how I would look at this.
Jacek Olczak: No, Poland is one of the countries which we should still observe like in many other European Union geographies but there are improved situations with regards to illicit trade that’s in Poland between East and the West, so it always is more difficult to maybe keep these things under control there, but I know that the government is focused on addressing the illicit trade that is also addresses the budgetary needs. Our volumes you rightly noticed is getting better but compared to the many other markets in the European Union I still would like to see the Polish volumes total market volumes getting better. Our share is great, I mean our brands are performing great so on a business side we are in I think a great shape in Poland total our market still I think has a there room to improve but we’ll have to see when it's going to happen.
Jacek Olczak: Yes it is correct there is slightly price below Marlboro in Switzerland. In terms of -- with regards to the retention rate they are broadly the same as we had them in Q1, but frankly speaking we've spent more of the Q2 time in a test market to changing if you like some components of our marketing needs et cetera in preparations of the national rollout. But as I said already in the Q1 there is about a one-third of those who have really purchased iQOS device about the one-third is predominantly using the iQOS and there was a significant drop in the consumer who is sampling a inner transition.
Jacek Olczak: It is better look, better functionality, better feel and touch, we addressed some of the feedbacks we received from a consumer with regards to the electronics and operations of an electronics so we are being able to fit it into the new device. It's really a new better iQOS.
Jacek Olczak: Look there is a pricing in Europe with ahead of the higher than the pricing we used to have in a first half of the last year, but -- so yes there is some impact on our volume on the other hand I think the underlying micros in many European markets our consumer sentiment is somehow helping us with the better elasticities that you will -- would you remember from a 2012-2013 period. I think -- and there is a not a exact mark how much is the coming from a illicit trade because you will have to go from market-to-market I think a contribution from illicit trade to the German volume presumably higher, contribution of illicit trade in some other places might be different. E-vapor product they didn't contributed that much in Germany because this was not really any sizable sort of a category but I think they are more helping France or Spain or other geographies. One thing which we also have to remember we observed a very serious slowdown in the dynamics of the fine cut or our tobacco product which is also the outcome of a parked price and I guess also the better consumer sort of a sentiment. And you remember this is the category which used to grow say in 2012-2013 in the Europe in the churn of a 6% to 7% per annum and this volumes now are growing I think around 1% mark. So you could see the drastic change in the dynamics which obviously was pushing or pulling the consumers from the manufactured cigarettes to the fine cut product much stronger in the past than we see now. So I mean I can't give you the number how much each of this on the total -- of this drivers on a total EU basis contributed I think we’ll have to go market-by-market and put some weight whereas there is more of the weight where is less of the weight which helps the total market performance. But look let's enjoy the good total market performance we know what are the drivers, we've been looking that finally one day all these things which were the significant headwind for us will unwind and will start converting into tailwinds and hope this is a more sustainable trend for this.
Jacek Olczak: Well I mean as everything depends obviously how quickly this going to be transposed into the member state legislation and that’s the process which started there are some members state which already advanced there are some members state which give before the parliamentary et cetera discussion. I mean the deadline as we know is May 2016 we will be in a position to say how individual members think what sort of a framework they create above the novel tobacco product and the e-cigarette. As you remember in a TPD there was a distinction between above fair group of both categories then we will see how that’s going to play out.
Jacek Olczak: Well it’s not much really of a development which happened, right? I mean the JC case in Ireland, was retained in Ireland which I think is a good news because it drove the other result in a clash of two similarly like cases at the ECJ level. I think it’s fair to assume that the ECJ the thing is that most important part of a challenge against the directive that ECJ which will reach the European Court of Justice, sorry, will reach a conclusion before the due date for the transpose implementation of the directive which I said deadline is May 2016. That’s essential.
Jacek Olczak: So on LAC I think we have had a strong pricing coming from Argentina, Brazil, Mexico, Canada. So essentially for all our key geographies there we enjoyed the strong pricing. I think it should continue. So I mean LAC last year and this year they are really performing very strongly, I think they had a good momentum. As I mentioned earlier answering other questions I mean there is a bit of a share pressure in Mexico. But on the other hand, Mexican total industry volumes are doing better. So overall into the financials we are looking pretty okay. On South Korea, I mean it looks that our initial guidance for the market, total market for the year 20%-25% declined it is not lower to the closer to the 20%, I mean it’s still significant but let’s remember, you would remember how big the price increase was. Cutting overall is going better or slightly better than expected in our share is up. So I think yes I mean we have the price increase behind us. I mean let’s see how this is going to unfold. But so far it unfolds pretty strongly. And on Australia, now much really as I mentioned earlier which was, which would happen there, I mean if the prices went up there is some continue some sort of discounting. The down-trading is there may be to some extent at the lower level. Australian total market volume is obviously distorted year-on-year due to the price changes. And I think on the year-to-date basis, Australia is 0.7 actually up total market size. But it doesn’t mean that the market grows. I think it’s a little bit of a distortion there.
Jacek Olczak: Not really. And just one thing to clarify, always when we talk about the pricing is the pricing variance and when we report the volume mix, we put the mix with the volume the…
Jacek Olczak: Yes, but yes I mean there was some negative mix for EEMA and I think largely driven by Russia. On the other hand, very encouraging and I haven’t seen this result for the long time. We have zero mix impact in EU, okay. So I mean that’s on the total PMI basis, I mean the mix is not that much of a major issue. Obviously we had a mix in Australia due to the down-trading, but is on a few isolated geographies.
Jacek Olczak: I think many markets have returned to what we would call the standout part of the cover called product elasticity is minus 0.3, minus 0.5, and I see more and more markets which are squarely fitting into this range, even maybe some of that mean in the lower end of this range so in minus 0.3 territory so that’s good.
Jacek Olczak: I will start with the second one, important geographies in which we are in the middle of the rollout of the commercial approach is Indonesia from the last OCI market. Coming to how much you could lump with attribute to the commercial approach and how much the 2.0 output like that, Marlboro 2.0 is the concept, it’s a great concept, it’s a great design, it’s a great product line ups, it’s a great support materials and at the end of the day you need to have advanced skills organizations to properly implement this in a market so that’s your commercial approach. So this comes both together I mean it’s a great idea lousy implementations, no result you have idea, great salesforce I mean who cares no impact so I think it need to have always the optimum, the right mix of more than I get we are at this stage now.
Jacek Olczak: From the -- no there are markets which are -- no from a significant market I guess it would be Indonesia which pops up to my mind now. I mean in many other markets we are well advance maybe there are some territories in some places but we also don’t necessarily aim at the covering 100% of the any given market territory I mean it has to has a economic sense and then in writing the details cost benefit analysis and no I think Indonesia would still stay on the list I would think about Indonesia.
