Emmanuel Babeau: Thanks, Adam. We definitely are repeating our ambition to reach next year 20 -- 200 billion stick in the heat-not-burn category, and I think that the growth that we deliver quarter-after-quarter is clearly pointing to that direction. Then you are alluding to the 2025 objective of 250 billion plus, which is I think here aligned with what I've started to detail on the presentation, which is really the fact that we are broadening the portfolio when it comes to RRPs product, and we are going to of course come with more enrichment, more segmentation, more offering when it comes to heat-not-burn. We are entering the evaping category, and all that is going to put us on the track to deliver that ambition. And I think everything I've been seeing in term of segmentation of the devices now that we are coming with the lil offering, what we have started to do now in Japan, in Russia, when it comes to the consumables, it shows that clearly now the market is getting a bit more mature, of course, it's still at an early stage in most places, but in a few places we have some first element of a bigger market, it is time now to enrich the offering and broaden the spectrum of what we can offer to, I would say, concur and convince more smoker to switch to our product, and therefore that is what is going to put us on the right track for this ambition for 2025.
Emmanuel Babeau: Yes, I don't think that there is anything to be read there. I think that we are very happy with the performance on the key market. Of course, you know what has been and depending on the season and the consumption pattern and what has been happening on the borders, we know that some borders were closed. We talked about illicit trade being stopped, I mean, that can be disruptors to the evolution if you take a kind of flash or split quarter view. But I would say the trend that we are seeing in Q3, we are very much in line with a nice strong trend that we've been observing over the first part of the year over H1. So, I don't think that there is anything in Q3 that would be signaling a slowdown in the way we are gaining share in an underlying manner.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, thanks for the question. Obviously, it's very early stage to start talking about next year. I think you very rightly said it, 2021 is full of uncertainty and we even recognized that the last months of 2020 has a fair share of uncertainty as well. So, difficult to of course start to elaborate on 2021. The only thing I can say at this stage is that we are going to enter 2021 with the strength of our RRP business that is clear from this first nine months performance. There will be certainly a number of low comps in the basis of 2020, but as we don't know how the markets are going to be in 2021, and if I take the example of duty-free, which of course you could say we're going to have nine months with very, very low business in duty-free in 2020. So, one could argue well that's an easy basis of comparison, but nobody is able to say today what's going to be the rebound next year of duty-free. So, it's just difficult to say which kind of growth trajectory at that stage it designs if you want. I hope we'll know more at the beginning of 2021, when we will comment on our full-year 2020, and at that stage we can share more details with you, but I think that for us, the main element today that I would say is a kind of for sure whatever is the environment, it is a very, very strong performance of our heat-not-burn business.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, happy to do that. Well, the margin improvement is and that's probably the strength of the performance is not coming from one element. I think it's a collection of drivers that we have to add to the topline evolution, nice margin evolution. And that is coming first, of course, from the growth of RRPs, and I think we are showing this quarter's impact on the gross margin of the positive impact on the mix of the consumable in heat-not-burn. And as we keep growing the business that is of course a nice mix positive impact, clearly helping the margin. There is also everything we are doing on price and we keep clearly working in the direction of improving nicely price on combustible. There is -- and I would be happy to elaborate further if you want. Then there is, of course, everything we do on manufacturing productivity, which is also a nice driver, and then below the gross profit, you're right, we have this very positive evolution of our SG&A, where we managed to decrease on an organic basis SG&A by about 7% when the decrease of the topline is only 1.5%. So, we have a nice leverage if you want between the two. And here you have a mix of things. First of all, yes, of course, we are working on the efficiency of our -- all functions, all teams are working on working in a simpler, more efficient, more digitized manner. We are platforming our work. We are standardizing, we are automating, we are using digital in all capacity in order to work in a more efficient manner. So that is contributing to certainly some saving. Then on top of all this effort, you're absolutely right. We have increased efficiency as we turn toward a more digital commercial engine on RRPs. And that is of course something that is going to accompany us on the long term. We build at the origin the IQOS business with a business model you know with a lot of physical cultures and based on having some retail places that we were owning and that was great to start. We needed to do that, but of course, as we are growing the market, as we are learning about it and as we are developing our digital skills, we are indeed developing a tool, which is really efficient both in term of digital customer experience and in term of digital trade experience and that is allowing us to be much more efficient in contacting smoker that we can convince to switch to IQOS in explaining and accompanying them on answering all their question and coaching them in a digital manner for them to understand how it works, how it is a global experience. To answer that question, we have been creating communities where people switching to IQOS can exchange their impressions and their tips. And then once it is done, of course, the job is not done and we are moving to retention and really build this intimacy through having a lot of data about our customer of IQOS and really being able to bring them the best overall experience and keep them as customer of our heat-not-burn business. So that's what we are doing today and absolutely that is translating into reduced cost of acquisition and reduced cost of retention. We are certainly not at the end of this improvement, but that is nicely helping the performance in 2020 for sure.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, I think it's -- each market Michael is different. So the answer probably could require long explanation and entering the various type of dynamic. And starting with the regulation, of course, the capacity that we have to speak about IQOS and explain how it works. In some market we have this capacity to explain to smoker that a better alternative does exist in other country, we are much more limited. So that is clearly having an impact. Then certainly there is an impact as you grow the visibility of IQOS, as you people starting to see friends, family around them using IQOS, you may have a kind of snowball effect maybe it's a little bit of a caricature, but I think to some extent it can play like that and that can accelerate the evolution of the market. You have also the cultural dimension, which is quite important, in some country people will be proud of having discovered IQOS and they will want to share that with their friends and they will become our best salespeople I would say about IQOS and taking themselves the time to explain and convince friends and relatives. In other culture, it would be very different and that won't happen because they will believe that it's a personal choice and they don't want to interfere on that. So, all that to explain the very different pattern that we are seeing in terms of development of the business. Having said that, you're absolutely right. The more we're going to be able to go digital and have great digital tool to contact smokers talk about IQOS be able to engage them in what is the IQOS experience. The more we are going to be able to grow the market and clearly developing the digital customer experience is going to be key hopefully in accelerating the growth in several market. But let's not underestimate the fact that regulation can be a pretty significant restriction nevertheless even when it comes to using digital tools. So again that explain why I think there is certainly no market where we are not seeing that we have the ambition to make them RRP market, but certainly in some market it's going to take a bit more time.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Michael. What I can share with you is that, so you remember that menthol was roughly speaking 10% of the EU market altogether. I think the vast majority of the menthol smokers have been switching to other type of combustible cigarettes. And so I don't think that there has been certainly not maybe what was all in term of people stopping to smoke. It's probably a few percent, but no more than that. And when it comes to switching to other alternative like heat-not-burn and IQOS in particular maybe around 5% of the people have done that so far. It doesn't mean that we are giving up. We think that we can certainly convince more people, but I think the impact has been relatively limited. You're right; probably helping a little bit in Poland. Maybe in the UK as well which two big market for menthol. But I would not say that it has been having a big, big positive impact so far on our IQOS business.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, I understand the question, but at that stage you know I think we are not going to enter into more granularity. I think we are giving through this set of numbers and presentation more detail on the driver for profitability. So I'm sure that you are able to capture through the gross margin evolution and other element that we are giving some elements. But it's obviously, as you can imagine, a relatively strategic information sensitive and therefore it's not something that we can share, but I'm certainly happy to confirm that we are seeing a significant decrease and that we have ambition for more significant decrease in the future. So I'm just reiterating my comment that you should expect more improvement on the ramping up of the profitability of our RRP business in the future, which is really great because we are combining a big, big driver for the top line growth quite obviously and in addition, a nice driver for profitability improvement.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, as you know, globally we have a position because it deserves it. Our RRP business as a premium business. It's a unique consumer experience and that fully justify a premium price positioning. Now, of course, as you know in some country as well, the excise duty level is lower, sometime materially lower on RRPs and heat-not-burn then on combustible cigarettes. And therefore that is also justifying a lower price point. So, I would say, as a rule we have our combustible that are priced at the price on Marlboro or sometimes even a bit below Marlboro and I think it's a good positioning. The sweet spot to really reflect the overall experience and the value for the consumer, but also the specificity of the heat-not-burn category and heat-not-burn products. And in segmentation, we are going to do the same. It's of course related to the customer expense as well and all three consumable are under the same and not deliver the same experience. And exactly like we have been doing for decades on consumable depending on the level of, I would say, benefit value for the consumer. We know what is perceiving the overall pleasure and positive dimension for him. We'll have different price positioning that will be aligned with that. I don't think we should expect anything really materially different there.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thanks for the question, Bonnie. We haven't changed our mind at that stage on the buyback and we've announced as you know 2.6% increase of the dividend to $4.80 a year. So we continue to reward the shareholders. And I think we stated in the past and we are very much on that line that we would not start to share buyback that could potentially endanger the rating. And I'm not sure that today we have a huge flexibility on that rating with the balance sheet that we have today. So we have a very strong balance sheet and we want to keep that. I don't think that we would love to be losing some nudging the rating because of buyback. So I'm not closing the door on the long term of course it's a moving situation. And as we keep generating cash and strengthening the balance sheet, we may together with the Board decide to change that, but for the time being, this is not on the agenda.
Emmanuel Babeau: Thanks Bonnie for not asking for a guidance because we will not give you anyway. Trying to elaborate on tailwind and headwinds. I think the tailwinds are quite obvious. We have this RRP business that is you know almost one-fourth of the business. So it's very material in term of share of revenue, that is going very strongly. We talk about growth of about 28%, 29% year-to-date. We see a number of market that are actually contributing to the dynamism. We are, as we said, enriching the offers. So we see that we start to enter into new phase of this ambition of creating this category that we think one day will be, I would say, putting an end to a smoking world by this segmentation enrichment of the offer. So we have here a very powerful tailwind that is going to help us as we enter into 2021. And as you have seen, it's not only, as I said positive for the top line, but it also nicely positive for the bottom line, because we are ramping up the profitability on that business and that is a business that has the potential to be super nicely profitable. Then of course you know I said it you have all these very low comps that we're going to have in few markets. We have this Q2 that has been very difficult. You have the duty-free business that is extremely depressed. So one could argue that if things were to start gradually in 2021 to be back to normal, but that could provide easy comp for growth. Now that unfortunately the segue for headwinds, because we don't know what's going to be the environment. More and more people are saying that we're not going to be back to normal maybe until the summer of 2021. Nobody knows what exactly it means, by the way, but people are saying, when the vaccine will be available, which could be summer 2021. That's a condition to be back to some more normality and therefore we don't know how it's going to play out globally on the business. But I think we are taking comfort and confidence from the fact that I mean the 2020 will not have been a walk in the park, that for sure, and despite that, we are delivering what I consider to be a robust performance and targeting our nice organic growth for the adjusted EPS. So it shows that even in a difficult environment, we managed to deliver a nice performance.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure, Gaurav. So, no, this is not the new normal for the company. We are obviously going through stormy water. So it's an adjustment and there is number of project by the way that given the environment we prefer to postpone, so that explain why we are now targeting $0.6 billion for the year. I think you can expect us when we are back to a more normal environment, to be back to a more normal CapEx amount that I would say probably to be around $0.8 billion. So that could stay below the level. You're right of amortization and depreciation that is north of $900 million today. And of course overtime if it continues like that, that will mean that this amount will decrease as well. You're absolutely right. I'm not able to give you a phasing for that, but that should be over time a natural evolution though of course with the carryover effect it will take some time.
Emmanuel Babeau: I think at the end of September, we have been taking care of the potential impact of that. So I would not expect anything major for the rest of the year.
Emmanuel Babeau: No, Chris. I think that you're right. And I think we flagged in H1 that there was a number of country with some anticipation on inventory. We got the reversal of that in Q3. You're right. If you retreat the shipment by that, we have a record around 20.5 billion stick of in-market sales which is, I mean, it's quite a symbolic threshold, but to be above $20 billion is quite nice, and we believe that we are globally at the right level at the end of September. So we're not expecting today in Q4 any material impact on inventory for heat-not-burn.
Emmanuel Babeau: So there could be very limited number of market launch in Q4. I think we're taking the time to have all the lesson learned from what we've seen in New Zealand to make sure that when we launch, we are super ready and very successful. There is certainly things around age verification on which we are still working and which are very important for us as you know. So we are still working on these various dimension. So don't expect too much in Q4. I think the big new launches will be more for 2021.
Emmanuel Babeau: Sure. And so we haven't been splitting the $250 billion. So I won't do it now. I think we believe that quite obviously each RRP category has a play in getting there, but there is no doubt that we continue to see the heat-not-burn category as being I would say the majority of this $250 billion. So we certainly intend to develop e-vaping and IQOS VEEV and other things that we could launch from now until 2025. But I think you should expect still a big part of this -- a big majority of the $250 billion to come from heat-not-burn. Remember I mean this is an aspiration that we've been sharing. I think as we progress we'll make sure that we put more detail around that. So bear with us. We're going to certainly continue to give more vision, more visibility. But at this stage I cannot split further the $250 billion and quite obviously we want to develop things in a profitable manner. So that also drives the choices and the final number in the split of the $250 billion.
Emmanuel Babeau: Well, I don't have that with me, but I can see with the team maybe as to whether there is something that we can find the one for you.
