Michael Brown: David, it’s a great question, one we seem to hear more and more recently as we get a little further away from the separation. We have just completed our first year and as we came out, the reality is, we are a new management team without a track record in the public markets as Wyndham Destinations. As we came public, I think there was a single mid-digit growth and generating free cash flow, we’re returning cash to shareholders. And I think every quarter that goes by that consistent unchanging approach is getting recognized and being appreciated. So I do think the delta between where the debt markets and where the equity markets see us, we believe we’ll continue to close as we continue to deliver our core strategy which again and I think the second quarter really proves it, returning capital to shareholders.
Michael Brown: There is a lot there. Let me start, it was a very robust process with a lot of interest both from strategics and private equity. But in the end, North American rentals came with Wyndham Destinations because number one, we believed in the business. And number two, we saw some strategic opportunities that the vacation ownership and exchange business could leverage by having North America rentals inside of Wyndham Destinations. As we went through the strategic review, we felt that we could retain a lot of that strategic relationship as Vacasa takes over ownership and one of the major reasons we wanted to continue to have an equity stake. Vacasa is a great company. It’s been in business for a decade now and has been a strategic in this space with expertise and really technology driven revenue generation. They do a phenomenal job on the demand side of the equation. They’ve got great scale and this only adds to the strength of what I consider as I’ve got to know their management team, their business model and their direction for the future, as we are the industry leader in vacation ownership and exchange. We believe Vacasa is the right buyer because we believe that they are the right leader for the vacation rental space and have done a great job over the last decade building their model and growing it and putting themselves in a position to make this type of transaction.
Michael Brown: Sure. I’ll take that. This is Michael. In the fourth quarter of last year, no different than we do in North America. We looked at our marketing channels and found that a number of our new owner marketing channels were not creating profitability, and made the decision at that point. And I remember we had questions on the fourth quarter call around tour flow in the fourth quarter. We made the decision that we were better off limiting our marketing channels and focusing on more profitable marketing operations in the international arena. That’s why I said we will lap that decision in October of last year in this fourth quarter. As far as VOI margins between international and domestic, they are pretty much the same, Chris. And if I can scale the operation, we do about 10% of our sales internationally and 90% in North America. And that 10% really is in the South Pacific between Australia and our New Zealand operations and more recently we’ve ventured up into Thailand. So about 10% of our mix is in international and it’s primarily in those countries. 
Michael Brown: Absolutely. And I do want to come back to the answer I gave to David just a second ago is, although we are exiting the business, we are retaining an equity stake in Vacasa and it comes back to what we believe in that business, number one. But number two is, I think there’s a lot of strategic relationship opportunities that we can have with Vacasa, both in our Vacation Clubs and exchange business that warrants both of us staying very engaged together to help grow each other’s business mutually. So that’s – I just wanted to clarify that. Secondly is, what does it do for our remaining business? It really allows us to stay focused on the vacation ownership and exchange business. The rental business was not core and brought with it lower margin. So for us it’s an ability to secure the promise that we made about retaining if not growing margins in the long haul. This transaction allows us to: a) keep a strategic relationship; b) generate cash flow; c) focus on our core business; and then lastly, make sure that our reinvestment back into the business, will help re-energize the exchange business. I'm very pleased with the progress that we're seeing on the RCI side. And feel that the projections we've laid out for the remainder of this year really should play out and feel they are headed in the right direction with our new initiatives.
Michael Brown: Patrick, the short answer on your last question is no, it's not part of the incremental spend. We have made a commitment as we've talked about, is having a stronger, more positive, narrative around not only the industry, but our place in the industry. The reality of ownership is that the satisfaction rates, as we've talked about many times, is very high. The churn in our owner base is extremely low. You’ve heard me mention before 700,000 of our 880,000 owners are fully paid off with their ownership and enjoying great vacations for the price of a maintenance fee. And we've been less than proactive in sharing the good news and making people proud of their ownership. Richard Petty has been an owner with us for a long time, has a very strong appeal with a lot of people. And this was not a sales presentation or a really a marketing, it was simply general awareness, positivity and talking about the virtues and the benefits of vacation ownership. He's been a strong endorser of our product along with many other individuals. But I think it's long overdue that we’re more vocal in expressing the positive nature of timeshare in the general marketplace so that you can hear not only a certain type of advertisement, but some real positive messaging.
Michael Brown: This is Michael. Let me just take that one. Vacasa is going to be going to market for a fundraise very soon and has done and been successful with a number of previous raises. For those following the space, there's already been a significant amount of capital raised in this sector over the last several months. And with Vacasabeing the market leader we feel good about their opportunity to get into the market with the successful fundraise. The structure that's laid out was simply put in place to provide some flexibility for closing depending on market conditions.
Michael Brown: Yes all of the guidance that we’ve provided today assumes the North America rental business remains with us for the entire year. Obviously the transaction will close sometimes in the fall and at that point we will update the guidance as it relates to EBITDA and cash flow for the year.
Michael Brown: Ian, I appreciate it. This is Mike Brown. Really there's no change that we're seeing on a consumer standpoint, traffic into the major markets remain strong. We're obviously very much closing second quarter reports on a macro basis and see very consistent evidence that the consumer remains strong. Specifically it's why we wanted to call out a little bit of detail what we saw in the second quarter. Those were very finite issues. As I mentioned, Nashville, we had a slight delay in opening that specific sales site, our first location in downtown Nashville. We remained with a little bit of headwind over the international tour mix. But we have a lot of marketing partners it's one of the natures of our very diversified marketing platform. And we had a reliance on one of them to ramp their tour flow in the first half of this year. They're simply behind on their ramp. A little bit more than what showed in our softness, but the strength of our Blue Thread, the strength of our owner arrivals really helped to mitigate that. And obviously we're working with the partner, to help them ramp their tour flows. So all of that's been taken into account for the second half of this year, but nothing macro that's causing, what you saw. And again it was only one percentage point in the second quarter because our North American tour flow was 4% up year-on-year. 
Michael Brown: We have a long and very mutually beneficial relationship with Caesars. And the reason is because we create value for them and vice versa. We have had conversations, I would not expect any change in that relationship and we're hopeful that we can even grow it with a new ownership.
Michael Brown: And I'll just touch on the M&A side. No different from our previous stances we are always going to be looking for the right M&A opportunity if it's there and is a better use than share repurchases. What I would say is we are very conscious in watching the economic cycle. Opportunities seem to be better when there is a downturn. And we believe very much in the consistency of our free cash flow generation and the resiliency during a downturn. We think opportunities will continue to get better and better depending on where the ultimate economic cycle goes. But we will continue to evaluate if there's any either tuck in or midsize M&A that would support the growth of vacation clubs or the exchange side of the business.
Michael Brown: Jared, litigation is not our core strategy. When we talk about our overall effort regarding the portfolio and the loan loss provision, it always starts with our owner engagement. We talk about owner engagement, presence on digital and social media and the Internet, continuing to refine our underwriting, as you mentioned, litigation and then lastly, support of consumer advocacy legislation and regulation. To me the key is the owner engagement piece, we're seeing tangible evidence of greater utilization, not only in the form of the owner rivals that we mentioned as part of the prepared remarks, but we're seeing a sharp increase in our reservations immediately after purchase. Our contact rates are significantly up. And you've heard me discuss over the last few years, the discussion around Wyndham Cares and our Ovation program. So, yes litigation is the right thing to do when we see either the consumer or our company being disinformation about us, or misinformation about us, or harm being done to the consumer, we will litigate. But that is not our core strategy. It really is around the owner engagement piece and we're seeing tangible evidence of improvements in the engagement metrics.
Michael Brown: So, as you look at Blue Thread for the remainder of the year, we talked about tours and we talked about a really strong second quarter. The way the Blue Thread mix works is we have a combination of in-hotel marketing, we have called transfer and then we have rentals through the Wyndham website that ultimately come to our resorts and convert the tours. The hotel portion in the rental is very straightforward to project and we feel confident that what we've laid out for our full year projections, we have good line of sight on that. The encouraging number in Q2 which we had not included in our prepared remarks was that our call volume in the second quarter of Blue Thread was up 70%. And when call volume is up that much, that's a precursor for future packages and therefore future arrivals for tour. Those typically come six to 18 months after the call. So the fact that we saw such an increase in call volume in the second quarter around the Blue Thread really is encouraging for us as we move forward for the remainder of this year. At this stage, although I do anticipate Blue Thread increasing as a percent of our new owner mix, we’re going to wait till later this year to fine-tune and actually put a precise range for that number.
Michael Brown: Absolutely, I would start on the Internet, the changes that we’ve implemented and the efforts we've put forward, we have a world-class digital team that's really laying out for us the perception of Wyndham Destinations, Wyndham Vacation Clubs and now with the launch of the two new brands, a greater presence. It's all around the enjoyment and the value of owning timeshare. And that's where the vast majority of our energy and money is going to within our existing budgets today. The radio is simply one more avenue. I would not anticipate it being, the majority of it is just one more avenue that we want people to hear positive messaging about their ownership. We see it in the actual results one by one, and in our owner base. But you don't really hear that positive messaging until now. And we just wanted to be out there in one more medium to present that positive message.
Michael Brown: And Brian, one other thing which is not directly answering your question but it does, the other thing that, I think, is very important where we're putting money is what I mentioned in the second quarter or first quarter, which is around our CRM system. We are putting a significant amount of investment in our CRM system where we're partnering with Salesforce. We communicated in the first quarter that we would be fully rolled out by the end of this year to all of our sales locations in North America. And we are on track a quarter later for that to be done. And that will be not only efficiency on the back of house, but really approve the customer experience from marketing and sales standpoint.
Michael Brown: Thank you. And let me close by reiterating how pleased we are with our team's execution in the second quarter. Our progress thus far would not be possible without the dedication and enthusiasm of our nearly 25,000 associates who are committed to our mission to provide our owners, members and guests with great vacations. I personally like to thank them for all their hard work during our first year as a public company. We are excited for the rest of the year as we continue to put the world on vacation. Thank you for joining us and we look forward to updating you next time.
Mike Hug: Yes, I think when we look at our adjusted free cash flow obviously we're very happy with the benefit we received as relates to both the securitization, the improvement in interest expense and some opportunities that we’ve taken advantage of on the working capital side of the business. I think it was a combination of those three things that really gave us the confidence in raising the guidance of the cash flow midpoint by $15 million.
Mike Hug: Yes, I think, what we plan to do is obviously the full year financial impact resulting from the sale will be driven in part by when the transaction closes and the proceed is received. So we would expect after the closing that transaction to come out with more details as it relates to the financial impact on the year from the sale – of the North America rental business.
Mike Hug: So good morning, Stephen, this is Mike Hug. Thanks for the question. I'll take the first part as it relates to the use of the cash that we'll receive and then Mike will talk a little about the M&A activity. When we think about the cash that's received, I think, we've demonstrated that absent any M&A opportunities out there, the best use of our cash is returned to shareholders through increasing the dividend as we did already this year or share repurchases. So once again, absent any M&A opportunities, I would expect that excess cash received from the sale of the North American rental business will be used in ways that are consistent with what we've done since June 1 of last year.
Mike Hug: So a couple of things there, as it relates to the write-offs, two things: one, our portfolio has grown, so you would expect that that the write-offs would grow. In addition, we had expected higher write-offs, which is why we've been providing at a higher rate over the last year or two because of the trends we're seeing so that the higher write-offs are not a surprise to us. And I would also point out that the increase in the write-offs in the second quarter of the year were actually lower than the increase in the write-offs year-over-year in the first quarter. So, we feel that the changes that we are making are benefiting the portfolio and the drivers of those benefits are really several things. First of all, as we talked about in that previous call, higher down payments and being – taking a good look at the underwriting standards that we have in place and tightening those up. So we institute those changes in the second quarter, which means we didn't get any benefit in the first quarter of the year and only a partial benefit in the second quarter. So through the second half of the year as those changes continue to take hold those will really be the key drivers to the sequential improvement in our provision in the second half of the year.
Mike Hug: Yes, I think, that's right. I mean once again the trends when we look at our loss curves would indicate right that losses were going up, which is why we would have provided a higher rate. And then as the provision comes down over time, keep in mind the life of portfolio is on average seven years so we would expect that as the provision comes down in the future we would see lower defaults. But once again that's a seven-year portfolio. I wouldn't expect lower defaults in the second half of this year on a year-over-year basis.
Mike Hug: No, it's not really enough to move the needle. And obviously we're focused on achieving our full year numbers. So as we've talked about if we do have a slight miss as it relates to tours, we can definitely do the things that we need to do to make sure that we hit the EBITDA number for the year. So it's just making sure that we are looking at the organization on an overall basis and finding the right places to cover any shortfalls that we might have if we end up at the lower end of the tour range.
Mike Hug: Yes. And on the provision trend you are right third quarter of this year will be comparable to the third quarter of last year. And we will see a more significant decline in the fourth quarter, consistent with what we saw in 2018, confidence in those numbers is really what allows us to reaffirm the 20.5% for the full year.
Mike Hug: Yes, thanks for the question Steve. This is Mike Hug. Really the big drivers of the free cash flow swings prior to 2008 and 2009 were two things, one the way we procured inventory. As you guys know, we did self development of inventory, which means in some years we were putting a lot of money into development, especially if you were doing a large 200-unit or 300-unit a tower. We've obviously switched that model to a just in time model where we're working with partners, we take the inventory down as we needed to support sales plan, which allows for very consistent spending on inventory of about $250 million per year. The other big driver was, we did quite a bit of marketing pre-2008 to sub-600 FICCOs they were very reliant on financing when it came to the purchase. And the attractiveness of that to the ABS markets wasn't always at the level we would have liked it to be, which is why we eliminated the sub-600 FICCOs beginning in January of 2009 that resulted in higher down payments. So more cash at that the sales table, as well as consistent ABS transactions as we've demonstrated really since 2010 and especially since our spin over the last 12 months where we've been able to go down to the BB Tranches and increase that advance rate to 98%. So consistent inventory spending to the just-in-time model, and then making sure we maintain quality in terms of who we market to and the underwriting standards that we have in place.
