John Marr: Thanks, Brian. Our first quarter financial performance built upon a strong year in 2014. From an historical perspective, this was our sixth straight quarter of revenue growth greater than 15%. Software license and royalty revenues were up 27% and at $14.3 million were the highest in company history. Our 23% growth in recurring revenues from subscription reflects continued growth in our e-filing revenues from courts as well as a continuing gradual shift toward cloud-based software-as-a-service business. We had another very solid quarter for bookings, which were up 22%. On a trailing 12-month basis, bookings increased 13%. However, bookings were up 31%, with the Texas e-filing contract considered on a comparable basis to other transaction-based e-filing arrangements. We continue to sign more multi-suite agreements for integrated Tyler solutions. In the first quarter, we signed two such agreements, which included our Munis ERP, Incode court case management and EnerGov planning regulatory and maintenance solutions. With Bristol, Tennessee, we have signed a 7-year SaaS agreement in the town of Addison, Texas in the Dallas metropolitan area. In Courts & Justice for our Odyssey court case management solution, we signed agreements with the Superior Court of California, County of San Mateo. The County of San Mateo chose Odyssey in 2014 for criminal and juvenile delinquency cases. And based on its positive experience has now added Odyssey throughout its traffic, civil, family law, probate, small claims, adoption and juvenile dependency divisions. Other notable agreements for Odyssey included Brazos County, Texas, a former MCAD client, and a SaaS agreement with the Texas counties of Harrison and Chambers. In our e-filing business, Fulton County became the 11th and largest metro Atlanta County to select our Odyssey eFile Georgia solution. Each county in Georgia can independently propose mandatory e-filing requirements. Fulton County is the first to do so with mandatory e-filing for all civil cases in state courts starting on June 1, 2015. Gwinnett County and the Metropolitan Court Clerks Association also selected our eFile Georgia solution in the quarter. We announced an enhanced product suite for our EnerGov planning, regulatory and maintenance solution. The public maintenance management suite offers modules for asset management, work order and maintenance management, request management, inspections and investigations and inventory management. It can configure automated task, spatially mapped assets and affiliate them to designated sources, and track information to assure assets and costs are accurate. Our EnerGov product continues to gain momentum in the marketplace. In addition to the multi-suite agreements with other Tyler products, we signed new EnerGov contracts in Q1 with Miami-Dade County, Florida, a SaaS agreement with Tustin, California. In appraisal and tax, the Dallas Central Appraisal District of Dallas County, Texas, signed an agreement for mass appraisal services using Tyler Verify. Significant first quarter contracts for our Munis ERP solution included agreements with Pinellas Park, Florida and Bend, Oregon and a SaaS arrangement with big county schools in Georgia. Major contracts for our iasWorld appraisal and tax solution include Lake County of Ohio and Erie County, Pennsylvania as well as a SaaS agreement with Chatham County, Georgia. Now I would like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and update our annual guidance for 2015.
John Marr: Thanks, Brian. Market conditions in the first quarter generally continued the trends we saw throughout 2014 and activity in local government marketplace is normal. Our bookings and revenue growth are clearly well in excess of market rates as we continue to gain market share and expand our market leadership. Our competitive position remains very strong across all our major product suites and win rates are high, reflecting both our long-term commitment to product development and our consistently high level of execution on our engagements. We are especially pleased with the level of growth in software license revenues even while expanding our SaaS client base. We signed record high dollar volume of new SaaS contracts in Q4 and followed that in the first quarter with another strong quarter of SaaS bookings, more than tripled the level over a year ago. While we expect that over time the percentage of new clients choosing a SaaS offering will expand, the mix of on-premise SaaS business varies from quarter-to-quarter. Last quarter, we announced that we would not be extending our current R&D arrangement for the Microsoft Dynamics AX product. While this marks the end of the initial development arrangement with Microsoft, we have been working closely with their leadership team to create a relationship that better reflects the value Tyler brings to this product. While details are still being finalized, we continue to expect a reduced R&D role with a stronger emphasis on the go to market side, assisting partners and leveraging our experience with sales and service channels in the public sector. As this quarter results show, sales for Dynamics are trending in the right direction and we expect this to continue. Finally, we are looking forward to hosting some 2,800 Tyler clients at Connect 2015, our annual user conference being held May 3 through May 6 in Atlanta. At the conference, we will also host investors and analysts at a session on Monday, May 4, from 10:00 AM to 12:30 PM Eastern Time. If you are interested in attending this session, please contact Brian Miller for more information. A live and archived webcast of the investor session will also be available at the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, Jamie, we will take questions.
John Marr: No, I think over time, we have been ironing out the lumpiness from quarter-to-quarter, it’s reflected in higher SaaS revenues and maintenance revenues that obviously are very stable, but it was a strong quarter as you know from a license standpoint, good activity there and well in excess as well as the highest in any quarter, but well in excess of typical first quarters.
John Marr: Last year in Q2, we had I believe it was $64 million of new contract bookings from California contracts, most of that is still in backlog. Those are recognized over – they are all percentage of completion contracts or SaaS deals. They are recognized over multiple quarters and then in some cases multiple years. In the case of L.A., potentially out as long as 5 years. So the Q2 bookings number will obviously be a number that we are not likely to exceed, but it – being most of those revenues have not been recognized and will be done so over a long period of time.
John Marr: Well, there has been some activity. There has been few replacements. There are – I think it’s still uncertain. There are some counties that continue to try to support the application on their own. There actually are some associations or groups of customers that are trying to salvage their investment and have picked up the MCAD employees and the like, but there continue to be a steady trickle of those that are choosing or deciding that, that’s just not viable. So, it’s not a mad rush. Again, the product doesn’t stop working the day the company exited the marketplace, but I think the trend is that over time more and more of these clients are realizing what they have is not sustainable and we will see more and more of those clients enter the marketplace.
John Marr: Well, some of the – if you look at backlog, sometimes they are higher, because we are seeing a trend toward I believe is more and more of these clients want good visibility on what their long-term costs are. So, we mentioned a 7-year deal in our prepared remarks and there are a lot of those 7-year, I think there is a couple of 10-year type deals. Five seems to be kind of the minimum now. So, the term generally is longer. We don’t care too much about the term. It’s usually a customer selection since we have virtually no attrition. So, it’s not an important factor in ours. I think the word we continue to use is a gradual shift. It is not a real fast trend in anyway, but a gradual shift, it’s lumpy so you have to look over a period of time, but it continues to tick up over time. I think our strategy of continuing to not deemphasize on premise or traditional deals is important. It’s our objective to get the customer on board. And either way, we don’t have a lot of bias in terms of the cost or the way we offer these systems. We really feel the long-term value of the client is significant either way, and let the market determine that. So I think it’s an important part of our strategy that we have competitive both traditional on-premise solutions as well as cloud-based SaaS solutions.
John Marr: As I said, we are continuing to have discussions with their leadership team. Our engagement with them is the same even though there was a decision to not continue the R&D arrangement the way it exists. That doesn’t take effect till late this year, coincidental with the next release, which isn’t determined specifically yet. So there hasn’t been any change at this point and we are working with them closely to really define the relationship we ought to have and how our resources ought to be best utilized and deployed. And I think the consensus among the two parties, even though we continue to work on the details is that we played a significant role in the development of the initial product and bringing our expertise there and that’s where it was most important. Now that, that's reflected in the product, it could probably makes sense for us to play a significantly reduced R&D role and to have their central core development team manage that code. And yet I think what we both also recognize is that Tyler’s experience in the public sector marketplace from a sales standpoint and from a service standpoint is significant. And we are really transitioning into a phase of the relationship where that’s where it would really bring significant value. So I think, whatever results will be, as we announced last quarter, a reduced headcount in R&D, reduced spend there, but maybe some additional resources on the sales and service side, not necessarily exclusively directly, but hopefully to help bring their partner channel up to speed and to drive greater volumes. The product is well received and these partners having success early on and committing additional resources is very important both domestically and internationally. So I think that’s where you will see Tyler’s focus going forward.
John Marr: Yes, I think that’s right. There is no leverage really in our professional service business. And obviously, those revenues have increased significantly over the last year, year and a half, California driving some of that, but our general growth in new businesses. So, we have ramped that up. That should flatten over time, but to the extent professional service revenues grow, there really isn’t any leverage on that. All our other lines obviously licenses, subscriptions, maintenance are highly levered, but that would be the one that isn’t. As a reminder, some people – some software companies try to deemphasize or minimize their revenues on the professional service side. And while it doesn’t perform financially like the other lines, it’s an important part of our strategy and our ability to execute, deploy new contracts on time, on budget, satisfy clients, get them on maintenance and subscription I think is exceptional. In relation to the industry, it’s a challenging business, but in relation to the industry, it’s exceptional. And I think that’s because we control virtually all elements of those engagements when a lot of companies partner with integrators and I think have challenges that we simply don’t have. So, that’s a choice we make. And while it’s not favorable from a economic standpoint, it’s very favorable in terms of the overall performance of the company. As Brian indicated, obviously, we have significant resources financially at this point. We continue to look at our own stock, which is richer than it’s been historically. We continue to look at assets in the marketplace, where valuations are relatively high as well. And it could be that one of the best places for us to invest is in our products and expanding our products in terms of their footprints. And so at this point, it’s hard to know exactly where R&D goes. But again, investments in our own products and some of the recently acquired products are attractive and we believe we are uniquely positioned to make those kinds of investments, whereas PE firms and financial buyers can buy the assets that are out there. So, we do have a unique ability to invest in successful products, continue to expand our leadership position and ensure that we continue the momentum we have. So, those will be things we will be considering as we move forward.
John Marr: Yes, definitely. And that’s – I think it’s something we have discussed in the past. As Brian indicated, we don’t expect to repeat the Q2 bookings that we had last year. If you remember, they had a budgetary deadline kind of to get those resources, those budgets deployed. And so we had a big second quarter in 2014 and we don’t see that repeating, but many of those counties purchased 1 or 2 or 3 case types and they all have many case types and it’s certainly our strategy. And I think it’s their expectation as well that if we continue to be successful with those engagements that we will continue to resell into those environments, additional case types as well as sell and implement the e-file side of the business as well. So, big start last year for California, very pleased with winning all the three counties, but definitely a lot of opportunity remains in that marketplace.
John Marr: Okay. Thank you, Jamie and thank you all for joining us on the call today. If there are any further questions, feel free to reach out to me or Brian Miller. Have a great day. Thank you.
