John S. Marr: Thank you, Brian. Our first quarter results met or exceeded our expectations. We achieved solid double-digit revenue growth, even as subscriptions made up a higher percentage of new software contracts. Margins were in line with our expectations, as we began to ramp up our discretionary R&D investment we outlined at the beginning of the year. We are increasing our R&D spend on a number of projects company-wide in 2018. And R&D expenses is expected to increase by approximately 23% to 27% over 2017. We are underway and making good progress with several of these initiatives. Although the higher R&D spend pressures short-term margins, we are confident these investments further strengthen our competitive position and drive meaningful addition to future revenues. We are excited about the acquisitions of Socrata and Sage. Both of these companies bring Tyler a wealth of valuable expertise in areas that are top-of-mind for the public sector entities: data analytics and cybersecurity. We welcome their clients and employees to the Tyler family. We will leverage our sales organization and customer base to drive growth at Socrata and Sage that will – that we expect to exceed our overall revenue growth rates. While Socrata will be dilutive to earnings for the balance of 2018, we expect it will be accretive in 2019. We've updated our full-year guidance to include the operations of the acquired businesses for the last eight months of 2018. Our current outlook for Tyler's core business is positive, and we're pleased that our guidance for the non-GAAP earnings per share is unchanged, even with the acquisition dilution. Finally, we want to thank the nearly 5,000 clients who attended Connect 2018, our annual user conference, last week in Boston. Clients took part in over 1,000 classes over 54 educational tracks, and we continue to share with them our vision of connected communities and the progress we've made on that since last year. Now, Robert, we'll take questions.
John S. Marr: No, not really. Obviously we do creep up into the Tier 1 and Tier 0 marketplace as we move forward and that helps us expand the addressable markets we're working within. Courts & Justice probably has the biggest presence, doing very large cities, large counties and state-wide implementations, as you know. And we'll continue to kind of creep in that space but it is not a high-priority initiative for us. The deals below that level are much more product-oriented and less project-oriented and as you get into very large Tier 0 deals, they take on a life of their own. There's a lot of product expansion issues and, again, they come to be very service-intensive and more project-oriented. We do prefer product-intensive implementations where the license fees are a higher percentage of the engagement or the subscription fees and the post-implementated run rates, recurring run rates are higher as a percentage of the overall contract. That's what drives our model in a way that's most productive for us. So, again, we'll continue to inch in that direction, but it'd be a mistake to think that that's the highest priority for us. Socrata, obviously, has a strong presence there. They'll continue to pursue that with their direct sales resources but Tyler's role there will be able to productize it even further, make the – what are typically APIs that they have with various different applications in these areas, make those interfaces more seamless and ready out-of-the-box, lower service deliverable, and take the success they have had in the very large governments and drive that down into the mid-tiers where we have a bigger presence.
John S. Marr: Socrata typically is application-agnostic. So, they typically go into sites and run over all kinds of different applications. Obviously, we have a strong presence and they're out there and we've gotten to know each other. And so many Tyler clients are Socrata clients as well and have already done that interface work. We will, as we go forward, as I said to the earlier question, we will take what a typical – typically application interfaces that have to be put in place during any implementation. And with the Tyler application, certainly our larger platforms make that more of an out-of-the-box interface that works more seamlessly and eliminate that need on a site-by-site basis. We'll still do those types of interfaces to non-Tyler applications. And sites will be able to interface and have a user experience that addresses all of their applications, whether they're Tyler or not. But it'll enable it to be much more ready, lower implementation service needs, and make it more viable in the mid-range accounts where it's been most successful historically than higher accounts.
John S. Marr: Well, they're pretty broad, Jonathan. And they're certainly by the kind of investments that roll out over time. So they're across many applications and many different functions. It can be features, it can be upgrades in user experiences. It could be working on new interfaces, certainly a lot going on around Nexus, Alliance and connected communities. So, it'd be a long list of different things. Certainly, Public Safety which has really been underway at an elevated level for two years is starting to show and release more of what they've been working on. So that's pretty ready. You saw our release this past quarter on EAM or enterprise asset management. So there's really a number of different applications that probably every quarter that there's a new release in some application every quarter or so that there's an upgrade in the demonstration on products that we're presenting. So it will be a consistent release of new features, new functions, better technology, better user experiences. And I think we think it's already impacting some decisions, both decisions themselves, whether or not we win a deal, as well as whether or not someone includes EnerGov or someone includes ExecuTime or EAM or other applications that we have developed with the intention of making these deals bigger to begin with or to sell them back through the installed base.
John S. Marr: Yeah, no, it's a good question. And – this is early and this is definitely an atypical deal for us. It's – we're more out ahead of it. This is not as essential as a payroll system or a court system, things we typically focus on. So we think we're out ahead of this. There's a strong player in the market in Socrata that we felt fit very well with us. Obviously, we have the most content on the backside of this and it makes a lot of sense. But admittedly, this is earlier stage than what we typically do. I think the answer would be both. Certainly, on the technology side, it's a lot of the same people. So, the IT leadership in the government that would be certainly involved in buying application software is going to be involved in that as well. But as you move away from that, instead of being led by application management users, this will get into a mayor's office, this will get into a governor's office, this will get into a little more of that side of the business, which is good for us. Our exposure historically has been with tax collectors and treasurers and accountants and judges and policemen and the people that run these applications along with the IT people and this will cross over into the executive offices. It's certainly got more of a citizen facing appeal. With our Nexus, Alliance and connected community strategies that pull all of our different back-office solutions together, I think that's a good thing. So again, it'll be a gradual – this is a long-term investment for us, but it will process over into the executive side of governments, and I think that's a good thing when you look at the comprehensive Tyler objectives.
John S. Marr: It's on track. It might be on the lower end of the range of expectations we had. After an acquisition, there really were a lot of moving parts related to different revenues and things that almost make it difficult to get very good comparisons. So they're kind of working through those things. The reception's been very good to the investments we're making. The customer satisfaction referencability has clearly improved significantly, and we're pleased with all of those things. But again, I think we are working through some transitional issues that have made the growth rate a little more stubborn for a little bit longer. But at this point, the leading indications of the win rates and the improvement in the competitive position and then, again, stability in the customer base and their ongoing revenues make us very confident that they'll see accelerated growth in the coming quarters.
John S. Marr: With both these acquisitions, we're going to be careful to make sure that they continue to execute on what their core strategies were. So their traditional markets, which are a little different than ours in both cases, their direct sales resources will continue to focus that – on that and develop it. So in the case of Socrata, certainly, their direct resources will continue to pursue federal deals. At some point in time, down the road, those relationships certainly could be something that's interesting on our application side and we're always looking to expand our addressable markets as we go forward. So I wouldn't look for that to be a high priority over the next, say, 12 to 24 months, but certainly further down the road, it could be.
John S. Marr: Yeah. Well, again, all these things are somewhat early to us but we – you're right. Sat through our Courts & Justice and our Public Safety presentations at Connect last week in Boston and there's no question that the track we were already on with connected communities and now putting Socrata out in front of that, that our ability to take different information and different data that's in these systems and integrate it and present it in ways that are more actionable and provide the kind of information that city, county and state leaders would use to make decisions. But also businesses and citizens that are interacting with those communities as well. So, a lot of those specifics are to follow. But I think there's an exciting opportunity there and I think this will accelerate our connected community strategy and bring it to constituents that traditionally we didn't serve.
John S. Marr: Okay. Thank you, Robert, and thank you all for participating on our call today. If you do have any further questions, feel free to reach out to Lynn Moore, Brian Miller, or myself. Thanks again. Have a great day.
Brian K. Miller: I think it's more the latter. I think both Socrata and Sage's R&D talent is fully focused on their initiatives. Certainly, there would be integrations with Tyler products and as we continue to tie those together that will be added to their plates. But I don't think we expect those to change our R&D spend or the projects that we already have underway pre-acquisitions.
Brian K. Miller: No, Sage's revenues are in the $7 million to $8 million range. And it is roughly neutral to slightly accretive.
Brian K. Miller: Yeah. Their last fiscal year was $25 million. And so, yes, it'd be more in the $30 million range this year.
Brian K. Miller: Well, it bounces around a lot from quarter to quarter, and the mix is – some of it is somewhat random. Although, as we've said in the past, we do expect in the long-term to continue to see a shift towards subscription. Last year, for the full year, it was about, in terms of contract value, 63% license-based and 37% subscription. So actually this quarter, although it was higher than last year, it was still reasonably in line with that. The fourth quarter typically has a higher license mix with a higher level of business for Public Safety, which is almost exclusively a license business. And certainly large contracts, which tend to be more license-based, affect that. And in this quarter, the revenue mix didn't include any of the mega contracts. It was much more normal bread and butter kinds of contracts. So we have a range of expectations for the year, and I'd say they generally encompass something – a mix that's slightly below the last year's numbers in terms of the percentage that were subscription to a few points above that in terms of the overall mix. I guess the midpoint would be somewhere around a similar mix to last year. So, for the full year, when you take into account larger contracts that may come in during the year, as well as the second half of the year, Public Safety surge, we'd expect sort of a modest expansion in terms of the mix that comes in as subscriptions.
Brian K. Miller: It's mostly related. The lower cash from operations and the change in working capital is mostly related to a higher balance of unbilled revenue. You will see some movement in that and between unbilled and deferred revenue with the switch to Topic 606. So there's some sort of changes on the back-end going on there. But the total increase in unbilled revenue is primarily related to just the specific billing terms on several contracts, particularly some larger contracts, where we've been able to recognize revenue prior to being able to bill it in accordance with the contract terms. That will all turnaround, we think, a fair amount of that during this year. So we still expect – and obviously, our CapEx for the year is projected to be about half of what our CapEx was last year. So, we still look to see a nice increase in cash flow for the full year.
Brian K. Miller: Well, unbilled – let's see. Unbilled was – see, our unbilled receivables at March 31 were about $65 million. At December, it was about $52 million. So, there's about a $13 million increase in our unbilled receivables.
Brian K. Miller: Yes, and both of those, obviously, just closed a couple days ago. And so, we really haven't – although their earnings contributions and revenues are included in the guidance, I don't think we revised the R&D. We don't expect there to be any incremental R&D in total, but their R&D really hasn't – those numbers haven't been pulled out and added into that guidance. So that guidance we gave is really sort of Tyler, ex the acquisitions. They're reporting – they didn't necessarily report R&D the same way we do. So we'll update those numbers. But in total, we don't expect to add significant resources as a result of the acquisitions.
Brian K. Miller: Yeah, I don't have the exact mixes, but Socrata is heavily weighted towards subscriptions. They are a pure cloud business, hosted at AWS, and it's around 90% subscriptions. And then there's a small professional services revenue stream along with that. As John talked about earlier, those are typically not big service engagements related to those implementations. Sage is also a mixture of subscription-based for their in nDiscovery services, which is their lead product, as well as professional services that go along with that around the cybersecurity services that we provide. So it's a little bit more of a mix, but both of them are primarily subscription-based businesses.
Brian K. Miller: And their business is really, as we've talked about in the past, heavily weighted in the second half of the year. So it's difficult to draw a conclusion from just the first quarter. As John said, we're generally on track for the full year with – in line with our expectations.
Brian K. Miller: I think the biggest difference, clearly, we communicated that Socrata would be dilutive. And with us maintaining the same guidance, clearly there's some outperformance in other areas of the business, and those are not isolated in any one area. But effectively, the core Tyler business is performing a little stronger for the full year and making up for the Socrata dilution. It's not a lot of dilution. It's in the – I'd say in the $0.05 to $0.10 a share range. And, again, that's the dilution offset by outperformance across the rest of the business.
Brian K. Miller: Yes. We said long-term that we continue to expect over, say, a multiyear period, maybe a four-, five-year period, a rolling period that we believe that if we're growing this low double-digit range, 10%, 11%, 12%, that we should over time expect to see an average of, say, 100 basis points a year or more of operating margin expansion. Clearly, that's being pressured this year and we're – our guidance is below that in terms of actually it's a little bit of contraction with the increased R&D spend, all of which is expensed in our financials. But we still believe that longer-term model of 100 basis points a year on average. Now, whether we get all the way back to that after 2018 in the first year is yet to be seen, but we could expect to perhaps outperform that beyond that. So, if you're looking out over the next few years, we'd expect that to be the target.
