John Marr: Our third quarter operating results were once begun very strong, and earnings exceeded our expectations. Total GAAP revenue growth was 29%, of which approximately 11% was organic. Our cloud-based business continues to experience strong growth. Increases in SaaS revenues as well e-filing revenues from courts drove 27% growth in our recurring revenues from subscriptions, of which 23% was organic. Bookings for the quarter rose 43% to a new quarterly high of $266 million and our backlog rose over 23% to reach a new high of $936 million. During the quarter we signed a four-year extension with a Texas office of court administration for our Odyssey File and Serve platform for eFileTexas. The initial contract runs through August 31, 2017 and this agreement which is valued at approximately $72 million extends that through August 31, 2021. Also for our Odyssey File and Serve platform we signed an agreement with the administrative office of the Illinois courts to provide a statewide e-filing system, which will service the Illinois Supreme Court, Illinois Appellate court, and 87 circuit courts throughout the state and is initially valued at approximately $8 million. The value of this contract is expected to grow as additional courts are added. Our largest license fee for the quarter was with Baton Rouge, Louisiana for our MUNIS ERP and ExecuTime timekeeping solution valued at $4.5 million. Other significant license agreements for our MUNIS ERP solution included the city of Goodyear, Arizona, Santa Margarita Water District in California, the City of Ogden, Utah and the City of Lompoc, California which also includes our EnerGov solutions. Significant SaaS agreements for MUNIS included the Chula Vista, California, the city of Oswego, Illinois and Bonneville County, Idaho. For our New World ERP solutions, significant contracts included the city of Delray Beach, Florida, which also included our EnerGov solution and Jefferson Parish, Louisiana. Other significant contracts for our EnerGov solution included a licensed deal with the city of Alexandria, Virginia and a SaaS contract with Hawaii County, Hawaii. For our iasWorld appraisal and tax solution, we signed notable contracts with Volusia County, Florida and Monroe County, Pennsylvania, which also included appraisal services valued at approximately $5 million. We also signed a deal for our AES tax solution with Ventura County, California. Our largest SaaS deal for the quarter was a five-year multi-suite arrangement with Amarillo Texas for our MUNIS, EnerGov, and Eagle Recorder solutions valued at approximately $3.5 million. For our Odyssey courts and justice solution we signed notable SaaS deals with Tazewell County, Illinois and Collin County, Texas as well as a license deal with Multnomah County, Oregon. We also signed significant new license contracts for our New World public safety solution with Dona Ana County, New Mexico, which also included our soft code solution, Athens/Clark, Georgia -- Athens/Clark County, Georgia, which also included our Brazos solution, and in Deschutes County, Oregon. Now I would like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and update our annual guide abs for 2016
John Marr: Thanks, Brian. Activity in the local government software market remains strong and is consistent with the past several quarters. Our competitive trends and win rates continue to be high across our product lines. As Brian detailed earlier, a performance in the third quarter exceeded our expectations and we’ve raised our earnings guidance for the full year. New World’s operations remain on track to deliver the revenue and earnings contribution that we expected at the beginning of the year. We continue to be pleased with our progress on the integration of New World’s products and operations. And we continue to receive positive feedback from our clients and prospects regarding our strategy to bring more closely together Tyler’s public safety and justice solutions. This was evident last week at the International Association of Chief of Police conference in San Diego where we saw an unprecedented level of interest from attendees in the Tyler Alliance vision for our integrated public safety and justice offering. Yesterday we also announced several executive transitions and promotions. Effective January 1, 2017, I will assume the role of Chairman of the Board in addition to my position as Chief Executive Officer, with John Yeaman continuing his service as director until his current term ends in May of 2017 when he will retire. I would like to thank John for his service over the last nearly 20 years, his leadership to the company. I think the team that we have today and their ability to work together with little distractions and the intangibles that provides to our culture are attributable largely to John’s leadership over the last 20 years. Lynn Moore has been named President of Tyler, also effective January 1, 2017. Lynn has served as a Tyler leader and a close executive advisor to me for many years, and as President will work with me to continue the management and culture that have made us successful as a company. Lynn joined Tyler as general counsel in September of 1998 and has also served as executive vice president since February of 2008. Abby Diaz, currently Vice President and Associate General Counsel is being promoted to the position of Chief Legal Officer, assuming leadership of Tyler’s in-house legal team. Prior to joining Tyler in 2012, Abby practiced law with Kirkland and Ellis. These changes do not indicate that we are taking the company on a different course. We have seen significant growth in recent years and these changes are reflective of the way the company has developed. Tyler is fortunate to have strong leaders across our organization, with tremendous depth in our group presidents and division leadership and it’s reassuring to know we have multiple people capable of making right decisions for Tyler. Lynn and I look forward to continuing to work together with our entire team on the evolution of the business, building on the momentum Tyler has experienced. Finally, last Thursday we celebrated a major milestone -- the 50th anniversary of the company’s founding in 1966. Members of our management team rang the closing bell on the New York Stock Exchange to commemorate the event. On this occasion, we looked back with a sense of pride and the company’s successful evolution over the past half century, but more importantly we look forward to realizing the tremendous opportunities in front of us for the coming years. Now we’ll take your questions.
John Marr: Well, they’re really not that different. We are committed to our e-filing solution being a more of a SaaS-type arrangement and not offering it as a licensed event with ongoing support. The courts like to have some certainty in what that’s going to be. So in some cases when they’re absorbing those costs, it obviously makes sense for them to be able to quantify that and budget for it. But it really is looking at what are mature transaction levels, right? There isn’t tremendous fluctuation in those levels. And so looking at what those levels are and really backing into an annual fee that would be very similar to a transaction fee. So I think it’s just really reflective of us obviously being a flexible partner in structuring the contract the way it works for them. But the revenue that’s generated from the arrangement is very similar regardless of the way it’s contracted.
John Marr: It would be both. There are -- Tyler-wide, we’ve mentioned this but we would kind of not rather get into tracking it. But over the past year there has been more awarded business that hasn’t contracted at Q end as is typical and that certainly has been the case with C&J. There are a couple notable deals that have been awarded but have not yet been contracted and therefore aren’t bookings and backlog but they’re literally at the very, very end. And that has impacted the very marginal adjustment on revenues. It’s somewhat attributable to that. These deals that we’ve had good visibility on for some time, in some cases we thought we would start a little bit earlier. We maybe lose a quarter of maintenance and a bunch of small things that add up to the few million dollar adjustment in revenue. So that is the case. As I indicated earlier, though, the fourth quarter and into next year, the pipeline starts to become more active again.
John Marr: Yeah, I think we are. EnerGov will be the best example of it. It’s basically if you look at Tyler and our win rates and our competitive positions have become very strong and you then look to, okay, how do we expand the addressable market space -- EnerGov is a great example of it where you used to have more of a lightweight solution in that space that was part of a broader Tyler suite. You now have a heavier enterprise application that can be plugged into those lines basically and a proposal and drive incremental value in that engagement. And there are several other opportunities like that that we’re focused on. ExecuTime is a little of that to some extent. But there are others that can be acquired and there are others that can be built, and that is part of our strategy to basically add more and more value to the relationships we have and drive incremental revenue and expand the addressable market space as our competitive position is driving win rates that are hard to continue to drive much higher.
John Marr: The Illinois contracts start out, it’s a statewide arrangement but the 15 largest counties are not initially included in it. So they have the ability to opt in. We would expect that over time and some of the starting relatively soon that some of those larger counties will opt in. So it starts out at a $8 million total contract value. So a couple million dollars a year but I think it has the ability to go up in the $5 million a year range if everyone were fully included.
John Marr: Yes, the ERP side of the business has performed very well this year, and has gained some momentum in the second half of the year. It’s actually one of our faster growing divisions in the company this year and probably about continue that momentum until at least the half of next year. The win rates are significantly elevated from where they were traditionally which is very encouraging. Obviously the remaining segment of the market’s being split by several other players. So we’re really pleased with that performance. They don’t tend to be the statewide C & J-type deals or the large multi-year e-file deals so we don’t drive into them as much, but that has occurred. Again the second half of the year has been very strong and we’re pleased with their performance.
John Marr: The back end is really all the way back to the fourth quarter. The Q3 results were pretty much a continuation of the first half of the year. Obviously their pipelines are newer to us but they have expanded. The highly qualified pipeline has expanded actually about 23% since the beginning of the year and the broader pipeline has expanded around 35% since the beginning of the year. So that pipe has built as we said before and was our expectation. So we’re encouraged by that. We had a great show as I mentioned in San Diego a couple weeks ago. we continue to be convinced that the opportunity that we saw when we did this acquisition remains and it’s a great opportunity for us.
John Marr: Well, it’s no one major driver. The biggest thing is head count. So we approve heads in the plan and the divisional and group leadership basically has the flexibility to bring those heads in as they go. But they exercise a lot of discipline and if they’re able to get the work done, we don’t eliminate those heads out of the plan but a lot of it is just timing that different divisions and the quarter, these are divisions with hundreds and hundreds of employees that in the quarter, 23 heads light or something. So that would be the biggest driver, that company-wide we are an able to manage the timing of head count and that drives some savings. There are a number of other variables as well. And then the other contributor is basically the mix of revenues. So some of the lighter revenues really came directly out of the professional service side of the business which obviously is the lightest margin side of the business and you can see the recurrings being very strong, which is a strong margin part of the business. So a combination of all of those contributors.
John Marr: Yeah. As we said the flan is very much in line with what we had in the overall plan from the beginning of the year, both revenues and expenses. They have some of that head count management that I talked about just a minute ago, especially on the financial side. On the public safety side, expenses are in line with our expectations but they are elevated from where they were. We’ve made a very conscious decision to add heads to that side of the business. It’s a good business. It’s a leader in the business. But it’s not -- it doesn’t have the market share that say Odyssey and MUNIS and some of our very strong products have. And that’s our objective. So expenses are elevated from there, historical run rates prior to the acquisition but there’s a conscious decision on our part to add heads to R & D, add heads to service on quality initiatives, raise the reference ability, improve the product competitively, and ultimately elevate the win rates to what we experience in our real strong leadership products. Having said all that because I know we did a big acquisition and there’s a lot of interest in it, this can be a long-term process. This is not -- we don’t put the Tyler brand on it and add some heads and all of a sudden it’s an entirely different offering. That can happen over a period of years. The competitive landscape there is a very healthy one. The competition in that marketplace is not something that you’re just going to run over. There’s some good competitors there. We will be committed to it for the long term. We believe we’ll achieve that elevated leadership position over time but I certainly wouldn’t want people to have the expectation that it happens in a quarter or two.
John Marr: We pay a lot of attention on the organic growth rate; much more than inorganic. And at around 11%, it’s a little lighter, it’s a fair amount lighter than the last couple years. We were up in the 16% range. I think over the long, long term we talked to you folks about low to mid double-digit organic growth and we’re in that range but on the lower end of it. I see the awards and the market activity as we get toward the ends of this year as being healthy and strong. I see us with a broader breadth of applications as we discussed with EnerGov and other opportunities. We mentioned the potential of a couple of deals in Australia, so beginning to do a little bit of international-type business. You have cycles. So as you know, we did a tremendous amount of business this California with courts. We have awards like Illinois. You have a lot of these different things that have kind of been a real strong execution mode this year especially in courts and then I think as though the counts go online and the e-file comes in behind them and you get that second recurring revenue stream of e-file on top of your maintenance, all of those things we would expect would contribute to a higher level of organic growth. So we would think this a year, a good solid year, a little bit on the lower end of the range of organic growth that we’ve experienced and yet we think there’s a tremendous number of catalysts that allows to drive that back up as we move forward.
John Marr: Well, until you said next year, my answer would be certainly. And I certainly won’t be surprised to see those revenue synergies materialize next year. But I’m still cautious about people having expectations quarter-to-quarter on that. But we mentioned this Chief of Police show and we’ve got SoftCode and Brazos and Odyssey and New World Public Safety and what we call Tyler Alliance and adding value across applications that no other companies can do. We have solid players in each of those spaces but nobody that owns assets across the complete offering and has the ambition we have there. It was incredibly well-received. So we’re very enthusiastic that people see the value in that and that long term we’re going to have something to offer that’s hard to compete with. But I do want to be cautious and being back on this call in 90 days and not having three names or examples for you. We’re very enthusiastic about what we’re doing there. We’re very confident that over the long run it’s going to be an offering that’s hard to compete with. But we’ll be patient to see how it materializes.
John Marr: Okay. Our primary use of cash is always our priority is investing in the company and in Tyler products and you’ve seen that with elevated investments this year both in R & D and in operating expenses related to Tyler products, and the infrastructure of the company. M&A would typically be next in our priority. So looking for good strategic fits and we would expect to continue to be active in the M&A market. As we said, we don’t see something of the size of New World on the near term horizon but we would expect to continue to be active in evaluating and pursuing the kinds of acquisitions we’ve done in the past, and certainly have the capability from a management standpoint and from a financial standpoint of being able to execute those. And then with respect to stock buy-backs, we’ve certainly been opportunistic over a decade plus and have created significant value through those buy-backs and we would expect to continue to have that as a component of our uses of cash but probably third in priority but certainly on an opportunistic look at those.
John Marr: The tax and appraisal software business has actually performed really well and growth rates higher than what we would have expected over the long term. Appraisal services are cyclical and they’re predictable and we are in state by state kind of a slow period. And we would expect that they would continue to be a little bit lighter through next year and then they’ll accelerate into 2018. But long-term growth there, we don’t look to be at high level. I think it’s more of a 5% grow over the long term which again could actually have negative growth one year and higher growth the next. And that’s not a reflection of competitive position. It’s just a reflection of how the different state cycles run which we track and know. These guys have been doing this for decades. We do like the business even though it’s little bit different than our software business. The other part of your question is, it’s an essential service. And in the states where we have these relationships, it’s another very sticky part of the relationship that supports our software relationships with these cities and counties that’s important and hard for other people to compete with. So over the years and there was a time years ago, those who have been around the story a long time, where actually appraisals services, I think, it was 27% of all Tyler revenues which made us a very different kind of companies and now it’s obvious list down in the low single digits. So it’s a nice strategic touch point on relationships with these cities and counties. It’s an appropriate percentage of our overall revenues and we’ll remain committed to it.
John Marr: Yes. So the first part of the question, it’s a process. There won’t be some major release where these products all of a sudden are seamlessly integrated and the user experiences and the work flow and all those things are Tylerized and as if one product. that’s something we’ll achieve over time and it may be four or five years, say, before most of the major elements of that have been achieved. But I think as we indicated, even at this show a couple weeks ago, to be able to talk about and be a little bit specific about what we’re doing now and when they can see these things emerge, it will be the kind of thing that even smaller steps in delivering early indications of where we’re going validating the story we’re telling, should start to influence and we believe will start to influence decisions. We don’t -- we wouldn’t expect that all of a sudden we’ll see a big shift in our fees will come out for fully integrated criminal justice offerings. Rather we’ll continue to see a case management RFP or a public safety RFP, and we think these are always really competitive situations and when you’re a finalist with one or two other players and people who are really reaching to try to find win one of these solutions, which one of these companies do we want to go with, that the Tyler story and what it offers down the road because they are an entering into a very long-term relationship, can actually affect a decision even in the next couple of years when the deliverables aren’t that much different than they are today.
John Marr: Yes, it was not just a little out-sized from our historical acquisition. It was by a factor of many the largest deal we’ve done certainly based on the value of the deal. There are a very limited number of assets out there that would have that kind of value that we would see as a fit or as attractive and some of them we wouldn’t have any interest in. We don’t see the real synergies and opportunities that we saw with New World. So I can’t sit here today and say there’s no likelihood at all that we’ll do another deal of that size but again there are very limited assets that we would be interested in at that level. So the probability is of somewhat low and yet we certainly wouldn’t back off for one so there is always the possibility something could occur. If you back down from New World, most of our deals are $50 million or less, historically. And I certainly see kind of a mid-range there, $30 million to $40 million, $100 million to $120 million where we do look at companies from time-to-time that we would be anxious to do a deal on. We will be disciplined as well. Valuations are high and you don’t know the fields we don’t do it, right? So we’ve participated in a number of processes in that size range that in some cases we were just too disciplined to do the deal. But I wouldn’t consider it unlikely at all that you would see deals in that range over the coming years.
John Marr: I don’t think there’s much changing in the market. I think we’re doing more large deals. And when you get into large deals, just the process from award to contract is longer. It’s a more deliberate and extensive negotiating process. So they remain in that category a little longer than a standard deal that we do many of and we send them the contract and there literally would be a couple conference calls and it’s signed two or three weeks later. So I think a large -- doing more large deals contributes to that. Obviously those are big numbers so to have a big number and award an unsigned business, there could be three, four names that are driving 70% of that in some cases. What we pay a lot of attention to is how long they stay in that category. So probably 70% of that is from the current quarter. In other words, we were awarded it in the current quarter and it’s just going to slide into the next one. If they get two and three quarters old, then you start wondering whether this deal is a real deal that’s going to happen, and there isn’t much of that. I would say 70% of it’s in the current quarter and then another 15% or 20% is in the past quarter. And very little of that is stale or old or has any risk to it. So it’s good business. It’s going to occur again. There’s a number of larger deals that the process is just more extensive. There’s more negotiating when you get to an agreement, the contract literally works its way around the state house or the City Hall and has to get all the right signatures and it just takes a long time.
John Marr: Yes, we’re real pleased with it. We have talked about taking some significant leadership from different areas of the company on the technology side. Jeff Green leads a big team. And they generate technology that’s been used by the different dictions. They also coordinate with divisions that are leaders in different places. You mentioned user experience. That would be a good example of that and then expose that to the other divisions. And so it’s a process that’s changed organizationally but it’s going very well and there will be releases very late this year and early next year that will reflect that and I’ve seen demonstrations and screenshots of products from different divisions that previously you would clearly say those come from different companies and today it would take a pretty experienced eye to recognize the differences.
John Marr: It was a good observations and appreciate the question. And maybe not being active in some of the other names you mentioned shows that we are careful about creating too much conflict in our channels and our product strategies. But you can’t do a lot of big deals without some of that. And we do have -- Tyler public safety solution. It’s certainly a fraction of the size of the New World public safety solution. Obviously we’ve talked about investing heavily in the New World solution. Obviously MUNIS is one of our core products that drives highest revenues and operating profit in the company and yet New World has a very strong offering there as well. I think you can look at Tyler historically. Look at the Infinite Vision products, you look at our Incode local government products and you look at a number of different products that had niches in the marketplace that while they will may look somewhat conflicting, were they MUNIS or New World public safety or some of our large products, there’s a niche and there’s a market space there that they can continue to be effective and they have important customer bases and we have a history of continuing to invest in those products and having them continue to meet those customers’ needs for a very long period of tile and in those specific market segments, continuing to be competitive. Pleased to see obviously New World ERP isn’t going to generate the number of deals that MUNIS does, but we mentioned a number of very competitive and important wins in the quarter that continue to reinforce the competitive position and there’s segments of the marketplace where I can they will continue to be very, very competitive and provide incremental business to Tyler that we wouldn’t have had before. And reversely, the same is true of Tyler’s public safety solution where it had certain market spaces where it’s strong and while it’s a fraction of the size of New World’s public safety system, we’ll continue to maintain that product, invest in it and make sure it serves those customers’ needs and in the segments of the market where they’re strong, they’ll continue to add customers.
John Marr: Well, thank you very much, appreciate everybody joining us on the call today, appreciate your interest, and if you do have any further questions, feel free to reach out to Brian or myself. Thanks again and have a great day.
Brian Miller: Sure. No, we really haven’t seen any new players enter that market. The market as you know they’re generally larger deals and a little lumpier. It’s been a little lighter through the first three quarters of the year, but it’’ certainly not reflective of the competitive position. We continue to win virtually all of the larger more meaningful deals. And we do expect -- the pipeline shows that in the fourth quarter and in the next year that things become more active again. Australia, there are two active books on the street. We feel we’re -- obviously it’s a new market to us and we’re not as familiar with the processes. But we feel well positioned in both of those deals and those decisions should occur either in the fourth quarter or during the first half of next year.
Brian Miller: Notable is a relative term. Not very notable. It’s substantially very much a similar arrangement. The run rate as you observed may be very, very modestly lighter but we also believe that now with several years of experience and a very strong partnership, not only with the courts but with the bar, that there could also be other revenue opportunities that could more than offset the very modest haircut in the run rate.
Brian Miller: Yes. On a trailing 12-month basis, our organic bookings growth is just shy of 12.5%. So that smooths out some of these lumpier deals in there in the individual quarters. It’s in that low double-digit range.
Brian Miller: I would like to add a quick correction on the question about Illinois e-filing. That contract would have revenues of about $7 million a year assuming all of the counties in the state were fully onboard.
Brian Miller: Well, clearly New World has given us a big lift this year. And we expected that. We talked at the time of the acquisition about their margin profile being higher than our blended margin profile. Not necessarily higher than some of the parts of Tyler that have similar characteristics to New World’s business, but higher than ours as a whole with a revenue mix that has more maintenance revenues in it, little bit lower level of professional services typically with mature products. So they have of a lifted our overall -- that 400 basis point margin improvement just the effect of New World being there has added roughly half of that increase. So I would expect that going forward with that now in our base, that we would be back more on that trajectory that we’ve talked about in that low double-digit revenue increase that we would be seeing again that sort of 100 to 150 basis points of margin improvement over time. That would sort be the annual average of that kind of growth rate.
Brian Miller: California e-filing actually picks up reasonably strongly next year. We’ve looked at -- right now it’s a pretty small contribution from California e-filing. It is, we’re really just starting to see a number of counties go live on the system and then the e-filing follows that. So for example right now our run rates in California this quarter was just less than a $250,000 of the e-filing revenue. And that’s expected to grow pretty meaningful next year I think to the couple million dollar run rate and over the next couple of years builds pretty significantly off of that. If we -- so somewhere in the $2.5 million to $3 million range next year and then expanding really potentially exponentially from there to potentially somewhere in the $15 million to $20 million range as both with places that are committed to us or that already use our e-filing system. But that would be over the next, say, four-year time period.
