Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Tyler executed very well in the third quarter and delivered solid earnings that were in line with our expectations. Even as we experienced a high level of subscriptions in our new business mix, we achieved the highest quarterly non-GAAP operating margin in our history at 29.2%. Subscriptions was, once again, our fastest growing revenue line, up 22%. Within subscription revenues, e-filing revenues rose 26%, including our first revenues from research Illinois.  Going back to the beginning of 2010, our subscription revenues have grown more than 20% in 30 of the last 31 quarters. Total recurring revenue from maintenance and subscriptions grew 14% and comprised 64% of total revenue. Bookings for the quarter declined 8% on a digital comparison to the third quarter of 2016. Bookings in last year's third quarter included approximately $72 million from the 4-year extension of our e-filing contract with Texas.  Compared to bookings, excluding the Texas e-file renewal, bookings this quarter rose 24%. Our quarter-end backlog grew 12% to nearly $1.1 billion. Similar to the second quarter this year, our mix of new software contracts had a high proportion of subscription arrangements, with cloud contracts comprising about half of our new deal mix. The total contract value of new software subscription contracts signed in the quarter doubled in value from last year's third quarter.  Our largest new subscription deal signed in Q3 included Clayton County Schools in Georgia for our Munis ERP and ExecuTime solutions, valued at approximately $7.5 million; contract with Island and Independent for all Munis ERP solution, each valued at approximately $5 million; contracts with Tennessee, New Mexico and Summer County Schools in Tennessee for our Munis ERP solution, a multi-suite arrangements with New Mexico for our Munis ERP, EnerGov and Tyler instant manager solutions; and Kyle, Texas for our Incode ERP solution.  Significant on-premise licenses deals signed during the quarter, each with a total contract value of $1 million or more included multi-suite arrangements with Georgia for case management, Incode ERP and solutions; Dover Delaware for our Munis ERP, ExecuTime, EnerGov solutions along with appraisal services; County Georgia for Public Safety and solutions; and County North Carolina for our Munis ERP and EnerGov solutions. We also signed significant on-premises license deals for on Public Safety solutions with Kentucky and Burlington County New Jersey and licensed contracts for our Munis ERP solution with Washington, Odyssey Texas and Paris Louisiana.  I mentioned earlier that our subscription revenues for the third quarter included our first revenues from research Illinois, which is an extension of our e-filing solution. During the quarter, we signed an amendment with the administrative office of the Illinois Courts, a current state-wide e-filing customer, for our first research portal. Under the 4-year, $12 million contract, Tyler is providing a web-based portal that provides immediate and secure access to consolidate database of case information. The solution provides a simple, consistent way to view and obtain case records and documents from counties across the state. It integrates with multiple case manager systems to share that information and provides an efficient way for attorneys, judges and other constituents to access important case records and documents at any time and on any device.  The contract also gives us the ability to offer additional value-added features and services, and we expect to offer additional attorney services on a subscription or transaction fee basis in the future. We will look to expand our research offerings into other states where we provide e-filing solutions. Research and our online dispute resolution offering, both provide attractive, long-term opportunities for recurring revenue growth and margin expansion.  Finally, our bookings this quarter included extensions of our state-wide e-filing contracts with courts in Indiana and Minnesota, with Minnesota converting to a fixed fee arrangement.  Now I'd like to Brian to write more detail on the results for the quarter and our updated annual guidance for 2017.
Lynn Moore: And I think Ken, this is Lynn Moore. I think it's important to note too is that a lot of times, it's not so much on the they may got with an RFP. And throughout the process, its geared towards on-premise, and it's oftentimes not until the very last minute during contracting that decision is made. And I think to echo Brian's comment, I don't think 50-50 is something we will be the new norm. I do think over the last, if you sort of look at trend line over the last, I don't know few years, it's certainly is ticking up, but there will be variations quarter-to-quarter, but it does make it a little difficult for us to predict some of these deals.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Brian. I think one thing that's important to note about this research Illinois is that it's a new recurring revenue stream, both in delivering the portal itself, but also in attorney services. It's an investment that we've been making for some time. We talk a lot over the years about making discretionary investments either internal expensed R&D or new acquisitions. And this is one of those areas we're certainly happy to see start seeing the benefit. It was originally sort of constructed for the County by County states, which as you know, there is 10 County by County states throughout the country, but we are also seeing some interest in some of them more consolidated unified states. I think the value proposition for the unified states is not as high, but there is interest there. We are talking with some of the states right now, something that actively pursuing. It's a revenue stream that we're excited about. We look forward to. But just like as John mentioned in our Public Safety deals, you know the markets, you followed us for sometime, things takes some time, but it is something that we look to expand throughout other states where we have a presence.
Lynn Moore: Yes. It's a fixed price. And it's really based on the size of the state and the volume of the e-filing. I don't want to go into more specifics there, but yes, it's just a fixed fee.
Lynn Moore: And maintenance. So maintenance revenues are recognized in the first year to generally carved out of the license fee, but you would see a modest reduction in maintenance, a larger reduction in license fees and then an uptick in the recurring revenue on the subscription side.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Charlie. This is Lynn. I don't know the competitive landscape is changed significantly. I think too when you look at the research Illinois portal, that's a totally new offering. That's a new offering we going back couple of years had thought about, had invested in. You really need to have the strength and capability that we have with having our court systems in either in the state-wide deals or in the county by county as well as our e-filing system. So that to me is a little bit of a unique opportunity right now.
Lynn Moore: These quarters are fluid, and this is a quarter where the performance is good, late in a lot of these deals came in. SaaS deals do come with multiyear arrangements. So help elevate bookings in backlog. And so that mix drove that to some degree as well, but win rates remain elevated. They've improved in some of the areas that we're investing. And the volume of that was pretty good. And we expect that to continue in this quarter, RFP activity and win rates that we would project over those support this continuum.
Lynn Moore: No. I think they would apply in every state. These of services that would be marketed directly. I think there are states who have the -- who already have a unified system that still have an interest in this portal. And we have -- that would be something that would be tried to push toward throughout the entire client base.
John Marr: Thanks, Brian. This was another strong quarter for Tyler, and we're pleased that we met our earnings expectation with our highest quarterly non-GAAP operating margin ever. We achieved these results even while facing a revenue headwind from the second consecutive quarter, in which, we've had a high level of subscription contracts and our new contract mix. As we noted earlier, approximately half of our new software contracts this quarter, both in terms of the number of deals and the total contract value, were cloud-based subscription arrangements. The total contract value for new SaaS software contracts of $36 million was double that of last year's third quarter and included 8 new SaaS contracts valued at more than $1 million each. Although the increase in cloud sales over the last two quarters is a headwind to short-term revenue and earnings growth, these new cloud contracts will drive higher recurring revenues going forward. We're pleased that so many of our new clients are selecting Tyler's solutions, whether they choose to run on-premise or in the Tyler cloud. Our win rates and bookings remain good, reflecting an active market in a strong competitive position. There are variety of factors that influence an individual client's decision on whether to purchase a license and run on-premise or enter into subscription arrangements with us. And we believe that in most cases, we have a limited ability to direct that decision. We're certainly happy to win new clients regardless of which model they choose, and we clearly have the strength to manage any short-term pressures on revenues and earnings that come with a shift toward more subscription business.  While this is a second consecutive quarter with a meaningful shift in the mix of new business towards subscription, we do expect them mix to vary significantly from quarter to quarter. We're also pleased with the continued momentum in our subscription revenues from e-filing and other transaction-based offerings. We've continue to add new e-file clients and our extending our relationships with courts and attorneys by adding new capabilities and services such as research and online dispute resolution. We're gratified that our e-filing clients continue to renew and extend those arrangements often well before the expiration of the initial terms as Minnesota and Indiana have recently done.  As we've discussed previously, we are investing at a high level in product development initiatives, particularly respect to enhancing our public safety products to improve our competitiveness and broaden our addressable market. These projects continue to progress on-schedule, and the marketplace is reacting favorably to our vision for public safety in the Tyler Alliance.  Finally, our thoughts and best wishes for a speedy recovery are with more than 800 Tyler client sites that were affected by hurricanes, Harvey, Irma and Maria. I'd also like to express my appreciation to the many Tyler professionals who've gone the extra mile to support these clients.  Prior to each storm, our disaster recovery team proactively reached out to the 269 Tyler clients with contracted disaster recovery services that were in the path of a storm, including sites like independent school districts in Texas and the government of the United States Virgin Islands. Our teams continue to work with the affected clients to make sure they can continue to manage their critical business processes. Lynn and I have heard from a number of clients who complemented Tyler on our dedication and performance to these disasters in our performance in situations like these make Tyler a trusted partner for local governments.  Now I'll be happy to take questions.
John Marr: Sure. Well, we certainly think that the long-term value of our clients is very significant regardless of how they become a Tyler client. Our maintenance agreements are substantial in dollars and in probably the highest margin revenue that we have as a company. So maybe unlike some industries or companies, the delta between on-premise and cloud is probably narrower with us and again, in some other places. Given the attrition is incredibly low, that the annual dollar volumes pretty high and the incremental cost to support clients is not that significant. So long-term value of on-premise traditional clients is very high and certainly approaches cloud clients. There is short-term pressure obviously on revenues as was seen in the second half of this year, and that adoption seems to be higher. There is no question if revenues are higher going forward, the incremental revenues are mostly attributable to the cloud itself, our facilities and the people that manage those facilities and the investment on those. There are high capital investments in hosting these clients, in incremental headcounts to support those clients as well. So revenues are significantly higher after the initial engagement between 50% and 100% higher depending on the arrangement. The margins on the incremental revenue would be lower than on the base maintenance agreement because of those capital investments and the additional headcount. But the incremental value probably after say, the fourth year or so is greater for cloud customers.
John Marr: I think that the deals that we don't know, which way they're going to go. Probably, we put a higher proportion of those in the cloud category given more recent experience. So I don't know that 50-50 is the new norm, but it's probably a little bit above where the norm will be. But, yes, we would expect that trend would continue towards more cloud business.
John Marr: It's a long process. So there is no kind of switch in terms of when all of a sudden we play in larger sites. The win rates have already elevated, which is pretty impressive that in the short period of time, both we've delivered. And I think the expectation and the credibility what's underdevelopment is already affecting decisions pretty significantly. The win rates are meaningfully elevated from where they were. And it will be a creep up more than splash into a new tier of sizes. So to answer to your question, yes, I would expect we'd have some deals that are in the higher range than what we would have had next year, but it won't be as if all of once we become a leader in that particular space that could be a multiyear process to achieve that.
John Marr: And then there would be potentially additional -- the value-added services to attorneys would be on a transaction or a subscription kind of basis. So those would be more volume driven.
John Marr: Yes, it's just seasonality. So by far, the largest renewal cycle for maintenance is June, July. They in June and pay in July usually. That's a big fiscal year calendar event for local government in most states in the country. So you get a huge renewal. That's a big spike in the deferred revenue and then you had 3 months runoff from that. So that's the sequential decline, but year-over-year you won't see that.
John Marr: Yes. It was a handful of deals, maybe a half a dozen or so in specific sites that we were pretty far in negotiations and would expect them to signed in Q3 3 and they pushed into Q4, really doesn't effect the year number. It's a little bit of an effect on Q3, and it's probably in the order of $5 million, $6 million of total contract value.
John Marr: I think it's too early to probably know that. There are literally still recovering obviously. I think your point makes sense that we have multiple cloud facilities. They have from one to the other. And I think the level of redundancy and availability that we can provide is elevated from what an individual site can do for itself. So we may see that, but I think it's certainly too early to know at this point in time. We do offer disaster recovery services to on-premise clients and that's what we referred to in the prepared remarks, where we've had a number of sites to disaster. We have their databases and their applications. We retrieve those regularly so that they are fresh, and we're to spend those up to rapidly and give them availability. And so we did have a number of those occur. So we do have services to make them or to provide them with higher availability. But I would agree that the availabilities is greater than cloud, and we may see that influence decisions, but it's too early to tell.
John Marr: I don't think there's a big change. It's been pretty steady. If there is a change, it might be a modest uptick. I don't see it declining. It is available in or Tyler offers the cloud basically on all of our enterprise apps now, whereas not too many years ago, it was on originally more Munis and some of the others. So the uptick could come from just more availability across our enterprise applications. So it would probably up some light, but I don't think you'd see a real significant shift there. But we've obviously still got a much larger on-promise customer base than cloud-base, and I think overtime that will happen. In terms of the catalyst for it, you're obviously with their applications when they switch over to the cloud, there is 2 major catalyst. One is our turnover or usually retirement, and leadership in the IT side that's been maintaining the system. We're now a trusted partner. And as they bring in new professionals, they want us to play a larger role and reduce that exposure. And the other catalyst would be often that it's time for a major investment in their hardware infrastructure, and they can minimize that and basically justify the higher spend with us by not having to basically reinvest in their own facility.
John Marr: I think the competitive advantage is our competitive advantage throughout the entire courts sector and us being the trusted and preferred e-filing vendor and part of what we're trying to do with this like to all clients try to continue to drive more and more volume to maintain that competitive advantage. So that's not to say that aren't competitors out there that could potentially get into this market like everything else we keep our eyes out for that. But I think right now competitive advantages really our strength in entire offering.
John Marr: I really think it's more a function of adding some lumpiness. And being a little light on revenue this quarter and then not occurring in next quarter. But I really don't think the top line growth rate over, say the next 3, 4, 5 years or margins will be significantly different. Obviously, if we are going to stay at that elevated level, there will be some lumpiness. And so the growth rate will be a little lighter in those quarter's. And then obviously, those new revenues -- those new elevated run rate revenues start to contribute and you benefit from the outside. But you're definitely not talking about more than say 100 or 200 basis points on the revenue side and then we talked earlier on the margin side, margins are pretty similar. License and maintenance margins pretty high. So it's hard for cloud revenues to exceed those. So I don't think there would be an impact on margins.
John Marr: Not really. The vast majority of the servicers are application related. Converting their systems, implementation, project management, training, those really don't change at all. There are obviously would be a small segment. Things they do from a system standpoint that we do in our facility. So there could be a modest shift from maybe the last 5% of the professional services we delivered to the site that we actually performed the data center as an internal function. But certainly, the vast majority of the services are related to the application. And we still need to convert their systems, train them, show them how to use those systems and support that process. And that doesn't change very dramatically based on where the system resides.
John Marr: It really relates more towards the big deals. So what comes -- what big deals they were in the previous quarter. Last year's third quarter, on the software side had a bigger number of not megadeals, the deals in $1.5 million to $5 million range. Obviously, some of those came in SaaS model this year.
John Marr: I don't know of that top of my head what was the comp was in Q2 '16 after looking into little further.
John Marr: Very active -- we watch it very closely, actively monitor what's available on those sites and what the cost are. Currently, we still feel that we provide greater value, more flexibility. We think our clients like the fact that everything from our support people, our software engineers and the people managing the host of facility are all integrated into one solution and that still drives value. We do certainly believe that overtime hosting facilities can become more generic and more of a commodity. And the potentially the kind of weather size could potentially deliver the same service at a lower value, and we won't be that when that point's reached. So again, we monitor very actively. And we continue to think at this point in time, that there are advantageous to us continuing to host those facilities, but we don't have some aversion to doing this at other facilities when that appropriate.
John Marr: Great. Well, thank you, and appreciate everybody joining us in the call today. If you do have any further questions, feel free to contact, Lynn Brian and myself and will be happy to work with you. Have a great day.
Brian Miller: Yes, on your question regarding guidance. Certainly, in the short term, it's a little bit more of a specific identification buildup of that guidance. So as we look out over the next quarter, most of the deals are pretty far in the pipeline and fall either in the SaaS category or in the license category, and we know where that is. There are always some that decide pretty late in the process and even a handful that will select a Tyler very late in the quarter, but haven't decided yet, which model they're going to adopt the software under. So that kind of accounts for the range of revenues and earnings in the guidance. It's a little clear looking out to the next quarter than what it be for the year. And so that's why we start out the year with a fairly broad range. And I think that given our experience both -- with recent quarters and looking at the pipeline, we believe we'd expect a higher percentage of SaaS in next year's number, but our range of guidance will take that into account that underlying assumption, I would expect would have a higher percentage of SaaS in it.
Brian Miller: Really, mostly just the license line. The services are really pretty much the same regardless of which model the customer implements under. In the past, we originally -- in the earlier days of the subscription model, a lot of clients bundled the services into the subscription arrangements, that now virtually all of them contract for the services separately and pay those as they incurred. So there is not really a difference between the 2 models on this services line. It's really just lower license revenues and higher subscription revenues.
Brian Miller: Yes. We'll wait for the next call to give guidance for '18. There is never just because of the new year comes in, it doesn't all of a sudden indicate some big pivot and growth rates. We've talked about a number of different investments we're making to accelerate the growth rate. We're happy with the research Illinois ideal as an indication of the new revenue stream that was one of many investments we're making that we believe will accelerate that growth rate overtime. All of these are long-term processes, so that we'll have few of those things kick-in, at least modestly next year and hopefully contribute to a trend in that direction. But again, a new year won't bring any significant change in growth rates, but I think over the next several years, that the investments we're making and some of these acquisitions we've done that are more strategic of nature, we're convinced will contribute to an acceleration of the growth rate overtime.
Brian Miller: And the financial impacts. What the new hosted or subscription rate is for previous on-premises customer certainly vary depending upon how they've been a customer. But typically, it's an uplift of anywhere from 50% to 100% over what they were paying in maintenance. So it's a significant increase in the revenues to us. But the customer would also find deep value in that given that they would have jobs that wouldn't have to fill or hardware they wouldn't have to replace. So it's a strong value proposition for both of us.
Brian Miller: And what it enhances our offering and makes it that much more comprehensive. So we have a case management system and then we have the e-file. Could they use someone for something like research? Yes. But we already -- we don't have the partnership. We have access to the information, we certainly have an advantage. The online dispute resolution, which would be new to us as well. And as we can -- our objective is as we add, there are not just new revenue streams, there are incremental value and creative campaigns of relationship that our customers are going to look to as a good partner.
Brian Miller: And if you remember, license revenues are only 8%, 9% of our total revenues. We already are very heavy on the recurring revenues and have and more new recurring revenue streams there. So the impact on the short-term growth is still relatively modest.
Brian Miller: We did have some investments this year that were in our data centers and capability -- infrastructure capability around our cloud business that was to support future growth. So there was a little bit of investments sort of so ahead of growth. So we're working through our capital plans for next year, but I think generally those would -- those investments would grow in line with the revenue growth.
Brian Miller: Kevin, I think at this point, it's still new and emerging revenue stream. Like I said -- like we've talked about before, it's not just the portal itself, it's the opportunity also to offer some services directly to attorneys. The market still new. There's -- we talked customers certainly receptive. I do think the value proposition is -- will be different for the states that already have a unified system versus the County by County states. And so we're still looking at all of there.
