Lynn Moore: Thank you, Grant, and welcome to our call. With me today is Brian Miller, our Chief Financial Officer. As you have seen, in addition to our fourth quarter earnings, we made another very significant announcement this morning. So we have a lot to talk about today. I’d like to point out that we posted on our Investor Relations website and filed with our 8-K, a presentation on the acquisition and we will refer to some of those slides later in the call. First, I’d like for Brian to give the safe harbor statement. Next, I will have some preliminary comments on our fourth quarter results and Brian will review the details. After that, we will return to our announcement today of our agreement to acquire NIC Inc. I will have some comments on the proposed acquisition and then we will take questions.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Our team executed well in a challenging environment during the fourth quarter and we concluded 2020 with solid earnings and record cash flows. Recurring revenues, which comprise 75% of our fourth quarter revenues were strong, led by a 17% growth in subscription revenues. However, software licenses and services revenues continue to be pressured by longer sales cycles and delays in projects, as clients deal with the effects of the pandemic, along with the near elimination of billable travel. Our revenue mix and cost efficiencies contributed to 120-basis-point expansion of our non-GAAP operating margin to 26.9%. Cash flow has been very robust throughout the year and both cash from operations and free cash flow ended the year strong and grew 16.5% and 25.8%, respectively. This was our highest fourth quarter and full year cash flow ever, and for the year, free cash flow grew 53.6% to $326.6 million. Bookings for the quarter were relatively flat with the prior year at approximately $333 million. Our largest deal of the quarter, which was also the largest single contract in our history, was a five-year extension of our e-filing arrangement with the Texas Office of Court Administration valued at approximately $98 million. The extension also included e-filing insights, a Socrata-based interactive reporting layer that eliminates hundreds of hours of manual reporting activities and gets clerks in all 254 counties, the ability to monitor 50,000 daily filings, so they can identify bottlenecks inefficiencies and improve the experience for the public. However, due to certain contract provisions, only a very small portion of the value of this contract was included in backlog and bookings. If the entire value of this contract had been included in backlogs, bookings growth for the fourth quarter would have been approximately 28%. Our largest new SaaS deal in the fourth quarter was with Jackson County, Missouri, for our iasWorld appraisal and tax solution, as well as Appraisal Services valued at approximately $18 million. Other significant contract signed this quarter included a multi-suite license arrangement for our Munis ERP, EnerGov civic services and Socrata Data Insights solutions, with the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands valued at approximately $5 million. SaaS agreements with the city of Jacksonville, Florida for EnerGov civic services solution and with Stark County, Ohio for our public safety solutions, each valued at approximately $4 million. And 10 SaaS deals and three license contracts for various Tyler solutions, each valued at over $1 million. Brian will discuss our guidance for 2021, but I’d like to update you on some of our plans surrounding our strategic initiatives to accelerate our move to the cloud. Our 2021 plan includes accelerated and new cloud investments across the spectrum of our products. Our plan includes approximately $23 million of investments in cloud product development in 2021 and a total investment of more than $52 million over the next three years, with the majority of that expensed. As a result of these investments, we expect by the end of 2023, all of our major applications lead to be cloud native or cloud efficient for deployment at AWS. We have also made some organizational changes, some of which were announced earlier this week to focus additional leadership on our cloud initiatives, as well as streamlining internal technology and security operations and driving other technology efficiency objectives. Now, I’d like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, Kirk. On your first question around budgets and activity level, as we said going -- we said at the last quarterly call, our anticipation was that COVID would continue into 2021. As you recall, most of our clients, their budget seasons are June 30, so they are in the midst of those budgets. When you look back at 2020 and some of the comments I made during the year, the pandemic actually it was impacting different parts of our business a little bit differently. We saw a little more impact in our ERP space, particularly at the mid and higher end, and a little bit more in the appraisal and tax base. We actually had a really good sales year last year at courts and justice when they talk about that a little bit later was actually a record sales year for them. But the number of RFPs and demos and all that slowed down really impacted certain parts of our business more. And it’s just anecdotal right now. We are now just one month into 2021, but in -- what we have seen a little bit, particularly on the ERP side, we don’t talk about awards and wins, but the awards in January and the contract values was something that’s certainly up over the last eight months and is a positive sign. We see things over and like in the appraisal and tax area where there are some fairly significant projects, some fairly large RFPs that really got put on the shelf in Q2 of last year. We are starting to see those starting to come out again, that doesn’t necessarily mean mini contracts, as you know, or immediate deals, but we are seeing some of that. There is still going to be headwinds in 2021, obviously, with the COVID relief that just passed, there is some uncertainty about what that’s going to mean. We are still seeing pushes and delays. But I think at your comment about defrosting, I kind of getting an early sense, but again it’s anecdotal right now. I think we will know a lot more obviously at the end of Q1 and as the vaccine rolls out and people start getting more comfortable, I think, we will start getting better clear site on that. On the NIC front, I just want to say a couple of things, I have mentioned in the opening remarks, a couple of times now about stockholder approval and regulatory approval. There are certain things I can say right now and certain things I can’t. I am going to air right now on the conservative side, because this is a big deal and I am so excited, and the last thing I want to do is overstep my bounds on this call with my excitement and do something to potentially jeopardize this transaction. I can tell you that we see a lot of revenue opportunities, lot of revenue opportunities for NIC and lot of revenue opportunities for Tyler. It’s going to take some time just like all of our acquisitions. As you know you followed us a long time where we are a good acquirer, we bring companies in, we take our time. Our first model is make sure we don’t break the great company that they have built. We are going to sit down with them and really map out sort of what those opportunities are and what’s the best timeline to achieve them, while also keeping their strong business intact. I can just tell you that when we look at those and we look at how are the complementary nature of our businesses and the ability to utilize some of their state-wide contracts and what they are doing in payments and what we can learn from them and what they might can learn from us. It’s pretty exciting. And I think, I really look forward to sharing a lot more detail as it goes on. But I am going to try to keep my comments at pretty high level at this point.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. That’s absolutely correct, Keith. And I think that’s our history at Tyler is. We -- when we pursue an acquisition for strategic purposes and it’s not to go in quote create synergies through cost, it’s about how we are going to invest and grow that business and align it with ours. You have seen that throughout other Tyler acquisitions and it’s one of the things I am most proud of. And in fact I mentioned in Kirk’s response how C&J last year really had a record year in sales and a lot of that has to do with the fact of the acquisitions we have done over the years and how we have integrated them and opened up new markets and aligned them with our business and that’s exactly what we see with the NIC acquisition. It’s a great company, as you mentioned. It’s the company built on integrity. They have got a great management team, really strong management team as you would expect and we are just really excited about bringing them into the Tyler fold and getting to work together.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. I think, obviously, it’s a little hard to nail down. As we said before on calls the demand didn’t go away. I mean, everything we do is we provide a central functionality essential services, it’s there. And what we have seen for example and what I have talked about in the past, I have mentioned that last year, maybe a little bit more difficult year on sales in our mid to upper level ERP space. That’s really just a more reflection of people being able to hang on with their systems for another year and sort of sweat it out and it’s my expectation that that pent-up demand will be released. It’s hard to predict exactly when. And again, what we have talked about over the last year is, we really lean back on our experience back during the great recession. Well, it’s not -- it’s really not apples to apples, there is a lot of similarities and what we saw there was sort of a depressed market for a couple of years, but then that market open up. And it’s sort of exploded and the fact that we were able to invest and improve our competitive position really put us in a great position to capitalize on that and that’s the way we feel about it now. We are just as optimistic about the future as I was coming into 2020.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Pete, and again, thanks for the comments on NIC. We couldn’t agree more on the cultural fit and I want to spend a second on that before I get to your other questions is, we have done a lot of acquisitions over the years and the one thing that we have learned and one thing we primarily look for is cultural alignment. Because in our experience acquisitions can -- they can look great on paper and they can look great in banker books and all that stuff that you see. But really it doesn’t matter if the cultures are aligned, it just doesn’t matter how good it looks on paper, they just ultimately won’t work out and that’s one of the things that’s so exciting about this. And as I have spent time with Harry, their CEO, and as we got to know their management team, just seeing their culture and seeing the way they approach the business and how it aligned with us and their vision. That’s just a very key point. As it relates to the agreement itself, I believe the agreement got filed or will be filed today. So as you talk about no shop provisions and termination fees, those are all fairly standard negotiated provisions that you will see in these sorts of public company deals. I would say, the terms of those in this agreement are somewhat typical. I will let you go look those up in the side on those. But, yeah, they are fairly typical and things that you would expect to see in a stock transaction. On the financing front, I am glad you raised that. We have talked about forever our strong balance sheet and you are right. When you look at a net debt to EBITDA ratio, we believe it’s going to be pretty manageable, maybe somewhere in the 3 times, the high 2s, low 3s, but somewhere around there will be pretty reasonable. The one thing I want to specifically emphasize as well, this is significant amount of debt and it’s something that we haven’t carried for a long time. It’s my goal and my anticipation as we move to more committed financing that we are going to maintain a lot of flexibility and we are going to -- our balance sheet is still going to look very strong. It’s one of the things I am committed to doing and putting this permanent financing together. I spoke to our Board about it two days ago. It’s really important that how we structure this debt allows us to continue to do the things that we have done so successfully for so many years and have been a big part of our success. Things like the flexibility to continue and invest in all of our R&D initiatives that continue to do acquisitions as they arise and opportunistic share repurchases. It’s my anticipation that we will still have that flexibility over the next several years as we work with the debt and I believe to be very manageable. So I appreciate that question.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. So it’s interesting, I’d actually -- throughout 2020 that was really more the case. There was probably a little more pressure on the state budgets than there was at the federal level and we saw that with our MicroPact and Socrata solutions. As we got into the fourth quarter and as actually state budgets have started to stabilize, we are actually starting to see the shift right now. And as we look into 2021, we see the state budgets actually starting to come back and opportunity starting to open up. And actually right now, at the federal level, it’s a little bit more cautious, I wouldn’t -- cautious maybe the wrong word, but it’s really has more to do with the change in administration. And so there will probably be a little bit of a pause there on deals. We saw there were some deals in Q4 once the election happened and you get a change in administration, you get change in organization, leadership and priorities. There is just a little bit of a pause. But I would expect as the year continues to roll out and particularly with some of the initiatives that we are seeing come out at a Congress that’s going to pick back up as the year goes on.
Lynn Moore: I’d say, Scott, and I think, that was probably more their business model when they started. It’s obviously there is still a part of that I think what they have been doing is they have been evolving their business to make it less custom and to make it more leverageable across their client base. You are also seeing what they have done the last several years where they have started to get some more vertical solutions. They have done a couple of small acquisition and starting to push those. I mean, I think, part of their overall growth plan absent Tyler, was to sort of continue to move in that direction and that’s the direction they are moving on and we would expect that to continue.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, Scott. I think, it’s going to be a mix of a little bit of both and part of it is, as we think about going through a cloud transformation -- really the cloud transformation at Tyler. And as you know, that’s more than just getting your products into a certain state. It eventually really impacts the way not just how you develop products but how you deploy and support them. Part of that strategy, as you mentioned is, migrating our customers out of the Tyler systems and moving them over to AWS. The principal foundational piece of that though is, is making sure that our products as we move them over there that they operate in at least an efficient if not more efficient way than they are in the current Tyler cloud centers and that’s what we are operating on now. I think you will see over and we talk about over the next three years, that doesn’t mean all of them are all going to suddenly be magically there at December 31, 2023. It will be getting there in different stages along the way, some sooner than others. And I think as we go forward and we think about those plans, you will start to see us develop plans where perhaps new customers are all going into the AWS world. You will see certain areas where our products already are more cloud efficient or closer that we will become more aggressive with our existing customers and so it’s going to be a little bit of blend and a mix. And that’s also part of why we created this group. I mean, this group was created for a number of reasons. It’s very exciting. Jeff, as you mentioned he’s been here almost 30 years, he knows our business inside now. He is the perfect guy to oversee and coordinate and that’s really part of what this role is. It’s a Tyler-wide, company-wide coordination of all of these multiple streams that you are talking about. It’s not just getting our products there. It’s getting our plans on migration. It’s getting plans on getting out to Tyler datacenters. It’s improving our IT infrastructure and making information security standard discipline. It’s all the things it starting to build. How we are going to deploy and support and all of that and so it’s a comprehensive effort. And you will -- we will continue to talk more about it each quarter, each -- every three months, six months, and we will talk about the progress and as these plans evolve and they get a little more specific. But at a high level that’s where it is. And Brian, we have talked before on the margins as we move people into the cloud world. We expect significant margin improvement and significant revenue improvement both getting them on the subscription. But then also getting our products more cloud efficient will help margins getting to where we have fewer releases and they are deployed easier, it will help margins. Everything that’s all about the cloud transformation and that’s all going to help over the coming years.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Charlie, I’d say two things. You are right. They definitely get a boost in 2020 on some specific COVID pandemic-related products and some initiatives around there. What I’d say to that is, that really shows their innovation and ingenuity and it shows their ability to spin up something quickly to meet the needs and to roll it out really quickly. And in my -- the way I view it is, while that was -- it’s something that was really tied to the pandemic, that’s something that is exciting to see that they can execute on that and to think that we can do things like that in other areas, particularly as we combine with some of the Tyler products. As you look at their overall revenue growth moving forward. I would say, my expectation is it would be more in line with Tyler’s and when you look over the last couple of years. You -- if you look at it sort of in isolation on our 10-K or something, it may look like their overall revenue growth may have been lower. Part of that was the fact that there was a significant contract that they inherited, it wasn’t when they originally sold with the State of Texas and when they lost that that was a significant headwind to year-over-year revenue growth. They have got a number of initiatives inside their business that will be growing at accelerated rates, just like we do at Tyler, some of these specific solution initiatives. I think you are going to see significant growth in their payments business. They -- as I mentioned on my opening remarks, they have recently won the contract with the State of Florida to not only provide state-wide payments across the State, but also it provides opportunities under that contract to do payments at the local level. So that’s kind of at a high level the way I see it right now.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. On your first comment, you are right. Obviously, we -- the State of Texas contract was an extension of our previous relationship. We have done a lot of things there with the state to build in a lot of value to help our ability to recapture that contract and there is other upsides that come with that contract. One of the things that I have talked about over the last couple of quarters and it certainly haven’t heard, yeah, Socrata plays a role. It’s another value add that we do. But we all sort of seeing Socrata play a role in areas all across our company. And when we purchased Socrata, I guess, that was back in 2018, one of the things that we really liked about it is, not only do we believe that the future public sector is it will be have a focus around data and insights, but how it can really differentiate our products going forward. And I have talked about in public safety deals, we are starting to talk about it in our ERP deals. It’s making a big difference. It’s hard to quantify. But when we have that kind of functionality and that kind of insights and our competitors don’t, it’s just -- it’s a huge add and it’s something that’s a big differentiator. As it relates to quote integration of NIC, again, we are still vary in the early stages of that and we still have a lot of conversations to have with their management team. This deal, while it’s been sort of going on in the back works for, I think, I first reached out to Harry back in September and -- but things have been accelerating and we have talked a lot about the opportunities. But we have got a lot of work to do to get our teams, their teams together and start thinking about those things. Some of those are still going to be a little bit limited again because of regulatory restraints. But all I can tell you and continue to emphasize is, how excited I am, how excited our team is and I believe how excited their team is for the opportunities that we have that we can go out there and do together when we combine these two leadership roles.
Lynn Moore: So, I would say that, there is a little bit of that. I think what we always want to differentiate even with this transaction base, just like I talked about in our core applications we differentiate with data and insights is the ability not just to do quote payment processing, but to be able to link those services with other offerings and things we do another and value adds. So that we really become more intertwined and tied with these government agencies. I mean, when -- you are right, when I look out to the future and I look to the future of the public sector market. I see the things like cloud and the provision of subscription-based essential functionality. It’s digital services. It’s transaction-based revenues. It’s data and insights. It’s our Connected Communities vision and it’s bringing all of that stuff together in a way that really nobody else can. And so, yeah, to your question, there is a little bit of that, but we want to make sure that we get in there and add all these extra values and services to our clients that nobody else can deliver.
Lynn Moore: It’s a good question, Jonathan. And it’s funny, as you know, I have been with Tyler since 1998, EGOV or NIC went public a year later. Obviously, they have been in business for several years before that and literally, they have been on our radar since the day when they went public. We have had internal conversations about them over the years. I would say that part of it is we have been so focused on our mission of getting really all the essential functional areas across local government. As I have said before, we talked about this, we did the MicroPact acquisition even Socrata, its areas that we have always been interested in, but we just haven’t gotten there. I can’t tell you why I didn’t specifically pick up the phone and call Harry three years ago as opposed to this fall. But I can tell you that we spent a lot of time and a lot of work on it even before I made that call. And again we have had conversations for a long time and their business has grown and matured, our business has grown and matured and as we have grown and gotten more solutions and more opportunities and as they have grown and increased their footprint, we really see the balance. And when you look at things like the prior question on payments, this is a big strategic driver for us and it’s a big strategic driver for them and they have got a very significant payments business, we have got an emerging payments business and we see the opportunities there. So it’s just one of those things. But all I can say is we are very excited that we have made this deal that we have made today now. As you talk about our M&A strategy going forward, I would be surprised if this is the only acquisition we do this year. But this is also a big acquisition. It’s going to require a lot of focus on our management teams and this is something we need to get right. And so I could see at some point particularly after this deal closes as we go into the second half of the year that sort of like we were back in 2019 where we may take a little bit of deliberate pause. But as I mentioned, we are going to have the financial wherewithal to continue to capitalize on acquisition opportunities and we are going to continue to look like we always have and I continue -- I expect that will continue to be part of our roadmap going forward, as we continue to see strategic products are ways to increase our TAM or expand our offerings in areas where we already have a large footprint. So our overall strategy won’t change at all. Again, it will probably as we get to the second of the year, a little bit more like 2019.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. So, I’d say, first of all, just initially it goes back to all of our investments and continue to invest in those. And what we have seen in the market is that some of our competitors are not making the investments that they may have historically done and we have seen a little bit of that. But when we see things like in our Incode Group, which is really the lower end of ERP it’s where our schools is, it’s where utility billing and things like that. That group right now are seeing record win rates. I mean, their win rates are approaching 90%, which is just off the chart and so we get really excited about when we think about the market returning. When we see things like I mentioned earlier on the call, our Courts & Justice Group. 2020 was actually the highest sales year for our Courts & Justice Division. Now, they are POC accounting, so it’s not all going to flow in right away. But you remember back in 2014, 2015 when that group had really high sales which is when California opened up. That’s a process of, I mean, not only our Odyssey continues to be strong, but all the investments we have made around there and the expanded products including acquisitions which was your question earlier and being able to sell all those products and have more functionality and be more competitive. We talk about the public safety. Public safety had another 1 million plus license deal this quarter. They are just on a roll. They had a very big win in Genesee County, Michigan against Motorola and CentralSquare. And again, that’s a result of our competitiveness, our ability to check more boxes on the RFPs, our ability to go up market. And again all these acquisitions that are differentiating these offerings, so those are few examples and we just like where we sit right now and we anxiously await for pre-pandemic market.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. I think part of that conversion is also just the general market and as we said for a couple of years, the market was moving in this direction, certainly, COVID, I think is accelerating that. We are doing some things internally. It is a focus point for us. I think, one of our greatest opportunities is our existing customer base, whether it’s new products that go in there, whether it’s converting them to the SaaS model, continue to push in, inside sales continue to be one of our big growth drivers and so it’s a combination of a lot of things. But you are right, it’s a focus of ours and as we continue to get our products into a more cloud efficient state, it will become even more of a focus and even more pronounced. And it’s going to take some time, I mean, I don’t want to say this is all going to happen in the next few quarters, but it’s going to take some time, but it’s definitely the direction we are moving and it’s a significant opportunity.
Lynn Moore: Thanks. Thanks everybody for joining us today. We hope you continue to stay safe and healthy, and if you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to me or Brian Miller. Thanks again.
Brian Miller: Hi, Charlie. This is Brian. We are actually considering a number of alternatives there. So we are not ready to quite specify one. But it’s clear that the way interest rates are, the way some of the specific debt markets are, it’s a very, very attractive time for a company with our profile with the transaction as financially compelling as this one to be looking to raise their debt. And so, we have got a lot of options, as Lynn said, maintaining flexibility and not limiting our ability to execute on other initiatives is key in that decision. But you will see more about that in the next few weeks from us.
Brian Miller: And I’d also add that over the last decade their same-state revenue growth has been more than 8%, so over a long period of time. That’s been reasonably close to sort of what our organic growth rate has been. So they do have really solid foundation of consistent growth and more than 90% recurring revenues. So that will actually raise our mix in terms of recurring revenues on a combined basis.
Brian Miller: Yeah. It’s basically a form of a termination for convenience provision that’s in the contract both neither we nor the State of Texas expect those to be exercised. The state has made some very positive comments about the relationship they have had with Texas as we provided e-filing services for the last few years and made enhancements and so we won that renewal in a very competitive process and with some enhancements to it. It also has I believe five one-year extensions on the end of the -- this five one-year opportunities to extend it. But because there are some termination for convenience provisions that we wouldn’t expect to be exercised. From an accounting perspective, they prevent us from being able to put the full amount in backlog like we normally would with a fixed fee e-filing arrangement. So, I think, there is only, less than $5 million of that contract will go into backlog sort of each quarter. So doesn’t affect revenues but it clearly affects the OpEx. We have talked over a long time about the lumpiness of some of the bookings. But this one -- was one that just didn’t quite fit with the accounting provisions. But it’s a great extension, a great testament to the work we have done with Texas over the last few years. It’s clearly our biggest e-filing arrangement and getting that extension is a major win for us.
