Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. We entered 2024 with tremendous optimism and confidence in the year ahead and beyond as we execute our mid to long term strategy supporting our Tyler 2030 vision. We expect to return to a trajectory of consistent operating margin expansion in 2024 as we increasingly realize the benefits of our cloud optimization initiatives and execute our planned exits from our two proprietary data centers in 2024 and 2025. We continue to leverage our competitive strengths and demonstrate the value of our deep domain expertise across the broadest, most integrated offerings that are uniquely focused on the public sector, while empowering our clients who serve the public through Tyler's next generation cloud applications. Finally, we are proud to be recognized by Government Technology Magazine as a GovTech 100 company for 2024. This marks our 8th consecutive year being recognized for our work in making a difference for government through technology.  Now, we'd like to open the line for Q&A.
Lynn Moore: Just a follow-up on that. I mean when we outlined our Tyler 2030 vision, we obviously -- we've got some goals around flips over the next six, seven years. And we also have goals on on some of our G&A initiatives. So I think those are both tracking right now in line and with our expectations going forward.
Lynn Moore: I think there's still room to go and there's a lot that goes into that. We're continuing to optimize our products and find ways for them to run more efficiently. On the other side of it, we're also seeing -- continuing to make strides in our version consolidation, particularly with our major product lines. We've seen, over the last 12 months, significant version consolidation in two of our larger flagship products, and that will continue to contribute efficiencies as we go forward, as well as with some of our other products that are out there.
Lynn Moore: As you know, we signed an extension that now runs through the end of 31, which runs through our Tyler 2030 initiative, which is great. It obviously just further deepen those relationships. We've made certain commitments to AWS around migrating our existing Tyler clients, our net new clients into AWS. AWS has also made commitments back to us around certain pricing commitments, innovation, marketing, things like that. I'm not really at liberty to go into the specifics of what those details and those commitments and pricing concessions are. But what I can say is that AWS has been a great partner for us. I couldn't be more happy with the relationship that we started in the fall of 2019. And this extension, I think, further embraces that. They're very collaborative with us and are eager to work with us to help us find ways to lower our costs. So they are a true partner. Similarly, we view our clients in the public sector as partners, that's why they view us. And I think part of the difference also in our relationship now is it's more mature. And we're a lot farther along in our cloud journey than we were when we first signed it. If you remember when we first signed the agreement, we were still trying to figure out how our products would really operate in AWS, and we spent a long time trying to just figure out the cost of just moving simply lift and shift. And now we've transformed and we've done all that and it's how can we make them run even more efficiently in the public cloud. So great partner, excited that they're on this journey with us for the next at least eight years.
Lynn Moore: Josh, right now, I would say I'm confident in both our 2025 and our 2030 projections just from overall what I'm seeing in the business. As Brian remarked or pointed out in the opening remarks, a couple of things impact revenue growth this year, and one really is the flat to slightly declining merchant fee growth. So when you pull out merchant fees, our growth is really more in the closer to mid-9s, probably 93%, 94%, it's about 90 basis points and those tend to fluctuate. And part of that is, as Brian mentioned, due to one of our large state enterprise contracts flipping from the gross to net model. Overall, as you pointed out, I mean, what we're seeing in the markets right now, the demand, the number of new business deals we're signing, our competitive position, wins against really some key large Tier 1 competitors are the things that really give me a lot of confidence. We recently had our national sales meeting really dive deep into sales forecast, not only for the next 12, 24 months, but even beyond. And right now, things look pretty good.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I think it's hard to say, Joshua. All of our global submarket’s a little bit different and the courts market, for sure, it's an area where people may be a little reluctant to go first. So getting Idaho there and going, eyes are going to be on it. And I think as we successfully pull off that deal, I do think it will trigger more throughout the courts community. As you know, everything we do is reference business. But particularly in these larger state wide deals our state corp business, I think all the other states are watching Idaho. So we need to do what we do best, which is go and execute on the business and go make it a great experience. And I do think that will be a domino that will ripple throughout the client base.
Lynn Moore: I think about midyear is -- because that midyear is when we expect to start to bring them up into AWS. And that uplift is included in our guidance for the year, but it's a couple of million dollar uplift from what they were paying in maintenance.
Lynn Moore: No, I think there's still more leverage. And I think generally going forward, we make certain commitments to AWS, and we're making those commitments based on projections. But we're continuing, as I mentioned earlier, to further optimize our products, further reduce our versions. I think the leverage in our cloud operations still has quite a bit of room to go.
Lynn Moore: You're right. Kelly, our flips in Q4 were actually up about 12% over Q4 last year. We're not putting out guidance as far as I know, Brian, on specific foot deal count. There's a lot of things that go into that. And as you look out to 2030, the goals we outlined, clearly, we will be ramping up as over time. There's things that go into the flips and a lot of it is, we have to get our customers on more modern versions. And when I talk about our version collapse efforts that have been going on for several years but some of the strides that we've been making, as we continue to make strides on that, it will make -- it will help accelerate the pace of flips going forward.
Lynn Moore: We've made a lot of progress, in particular, if you look at our enterprise ERP product, for example, I think at the end of last year, we only had about 23% of that client base on the more modern version at the end of this year, end of 202,3 that was up to 86%. We've made similar strides with our Enterprise Justice solution. So just generally, across the board, we're tracking on that. I'm not sure if I remember saying at the end of 2025, I think it was more 26%. But I think we're actually ahead of the pace that I was thinking about and discussing maybe 18 months, 24 months ago.
Lynn Moore: Rob, it's actually -- it's very interesting and to your point, gratifying to see this shift. And we've been anticipating it, but we just didn't know when it was going to happen. I think we mentioned in the opening remarks, about 46% of our Q4 deals were cloud deals in public safety, that's up from 16% in Q2. And as we look out next year, we think it's going to cross 50% and we're sort of planning on a little north of 50%. We're taking an approach that now with public safety as we see the market receptiveness start to be, it's an approach that we took generally with Tyler going back four, five years, which is, going forward, we really want to be leading to the cloud. We think the market is ready. As it relates to competitors, I'm not going to list all the different competitors in public safety. Obviously, we've had a few pop up in the last couple of years that were more cloud native already. Those have been a little bit smaller competitors and they have had their own set of issues to deal with. I think that we are well positioned with our cloud strategy in public safety to take advantage of this market shift. We have new leadership at public safety. If you've been on our Web site, you might have seen a new division president that came on last year, came from outside of Tyler. He's actually has led -- been a part of leading companies through the cloud transition. So it's exciting to have him there, have him up in Troy with the people and really sort of helping lead those efforts. So I like where we are, like where we sit. And to reiterate your words, it's gratifying to see these early results. But a lot of things I'm going to caution is a lot of things to go execute on in the future, but it is good to see this shift starting to happen in public safety.
Lynn Moore: Charles, not really, not right now. Q1 is probably -- we talked about the situation -- was talking about seasonality. Q1 is probably a little bit slower time in that business as well. And right now, there's no real change in our outlook.
Lynn Moore: And Jon, I would just add to -- I mean, we're always looking at levers to help make us more efficient. There's a number of internal initiatives going on where we look around and look up and see opportunities for where we can operate internally more efficiently. And there's a number of those things that we're actively acting on, which is, that really sounds weird, we're progressing on.
Lynn Moore: I think right now, we're still sort of in the same place we've been for the last couple of years. We're even though we will likely pay off the term debt sometime this spring, we still have that $600 million convert that's due in a little more than two years. So my anticipation would be we will be building some cash reserves to be in a position to pay that off rather than renegotiate that at a high bank rate. But at the same time, just like we've done over the last couple of years, we were going to continue to do M&A, particularly where it makes sense strategically and where it's accretive to Tyler. Last year, we did four deals. I think we spent about $75 million, $76 million in cash and stock. Over the last few years, we've spent several hundred million dollars of deals even as we were prioritizing debt paydown. So we still want to prioritize being in a good position when the convertible is due, but at the same time, we'll make smart acquisitions along the way.
Lynn Moore: Well, it certainly is another conversation point with the client. So anytime you use a conversation point, there's opportunities for cross sell, upsell. But we've got installed sales teams across all of our organizations and they're reaching out to clients whether they're halfway through their SaaS contract or at the beginning of the SaaS contract or towards the end of it. So I don't know that that's a specific trigger for signify material uplift, but it's another data point that's a contact point with our clients.
Lynn Moore: Yes, absolutely. You're spot on on both. And some of these issues have come with obviously some existing clients of ours and it is an opportunity. The cloud is more stable, more secure. We actually have done some deals where clients who might have been resistant to the cloud have flipped, because of some sort of recent ransomware or other issue.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I think at Investor Day, we said we were somewhere around 15%. And so obviously, we've made progress since then. I'd say we're probably more around the 20% number now in terms of the -- that we've moved. But as I said earlier, we are -- each of our products has a time line and a road map for how they get to that point that converges on our entire customer base being 75% to 85% of the existing on-prem customers converted by 2030. So each product is starting from a different place with their customer base. We've talked about public safety just getting its first flips this past year. Other products are much further along. So everybody has their own road map that converge on that overall number by 2030. And none of those will happen exactly as planned but we have said that we are collectively on track to achieve those targets by 2030.
Lynn Moore: Yes, let me clarify that. It's a drag on margin in 2024. It will probably equate roughly to maybe a little bit of margin drag in '25, but it's just the ramp-up of revenues versus expenses. So the expenses are more front loaded to get them up and running. As Brian mentioned, we're going from a contract that was a little under $3 million a year in revenues. I think first year, we're expecting it to just slightly more than double that. But you look out in 2025, it goes to $20 million and we expect it to grow all the way up to close to $30 million by the end of the contract. We do expect positive OP starting next year and ramping up significantly each year over time.
Lynn Moore: And I think part of your question was around total contract value, TCV. So that will obviously vary a little bit depending on the SaaS term that we sign. You could use a rule of thumb of what a license deal and a one year maintenance that might drag on that versus sort of what we would project as a normal SaaS deal. So if the SaaS contract was probably only one or two years, it's probably going to have a lower TCV. If it's north of three years, we get to four years, five years, we'd have probably initial higher TCV.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Lavesh, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller or myself. Thanks. Have a great day.
Brian Miller: Well, really, a lot of the movement in flip is -- doesn't require a lot of sales and marketing efforts. A lot of that is done through our inside sales organization through our existing client relationship managers, and it doesn't require a great deal of increase in sales and marketing expenses. And generally, we feel like that sort of mid single digit growth in sales and marketing like a lot of [Technical Difficulty] more cross selling [Technical Difficulty] more synergies across our sales organization, put more products in the same sales rep bags. So those two factors don't really conflict with each other. But we believe the resources we have in place really are sufficient to drive the pace of flips we expect to see over the next several years.
Brian Miller: Yes. I think in the near term, they likely expand in the same range. And particularly, I think you see that in 2024, most likely, especially because we still, although, it's lessening and lessens over the next several years, there still is an impact of the Section 174 change. It was $127 million impact on our free cash flow in 2023. It's about a $50 million impact in 2024 and it will decline again over the next four years after that until it sort of reaches equilibrium. But I think in the longer term, we would expect that free cash flow growth would be higher, especially if you take out that Section 174 impact, because of a couple of things. We've continued to get leverage out of CapEx and especially as we exit our data centers where a significant amount of our CapEx has been focused in recent years as we continue to become more efficient around how we manage office facilities and our other CapEx associated with our business. And actually, you'll see we have lower expectation for CapEx around software development going forward as well. But most importantly, the cash flow characteristics of the recurring revenues, the SaaS revenues paid in advance and create deferred revenue, the transaction revenue is generally getting paid at the time of the transaction. So there aren't big receivables associated with those. So as those businesses grow, those revenue streams grow, they should have the impact of causing our cash flow to grow faster than the EBIT.
Brian Miller: Yes, it's going to take some time for the full impact of this deal. And I think we're going to recognize probably about 50% of the uplift revenue in 2024 and we'll really see the full impact in 2025. All of our courts’ businesses are large projects. We talked about the L.A. criminal courts go live, probably one of the most successful go-lives we've had in Tyler's history. This will mirror that as it will be our first statewide flip. But from a timing perspective, revenues, uplift, all that, we'll get about 50% of it in 2024, and in 2025, we'll have the full run rate.
Brian Miller: As we've talked about, one of our state contracts actually midyear changed from gross to net. So we had that impact in the second half of this year and it also impacts us in the first half of next year. I think the overall impact for the second half of the year was in the $9 million to $10 million range. The first half of next year, because is, I believe, somewhere in a similar range. And that was probably split between Q3 and Q4 but probably a little bit more of that impact was in Q3, but there was a several million dollar impact on the quarter.
Brian Miller: Just to say, your point is good, because it isn't a fixed SaaS fee that the transaction revenues are currently an estimate. And we think we have a pretty good idea of what volumes will be, but they may vary from that. And it will -- currently in the plan for this year, we expect a few million dollars of revenues and then it ramps up to that north of $20 million starting and it will be approaching, we think, $20 million next year and then be north of $20 million beyond that as volumes increase and it becomes fully ramped. But yes, it is subject to variances and subject to seasonality as well unlike a regular SaaS contract that is a pro rata revenue recognition every quarter. This will also have seasonality and it's around those as we do in many of our outdoor transaction revenues.
Brian Miller: And I'd point out one other thing about the California contract. As we mentioned on the call, this is a significant expansion of what is already in an existing agreement we have with California under with US eDirect, which we acquired after we acquired NIC. So there are currently annual revenues under that agreement of a little less than $3 million a year. So it's not all incremental revenues but it's a significant increase in the revenues as that has expanded and especially because it now includes payment processing.
Brian Miller: I just would add that it's also important, I think, to look at the size of the flips and the dollar value. So for example, this quarter with the signing the Idaho State Port deal significantly bigger than most of our typical flips. So even though that only counts as one of the 92, the dollars were pretty meaningfully different. And I think in our prepared remarks, we talked about the the size of the increase in the dollar value of the flip contracts. And so in general, I'd expect that as we go forward over the next few years that we'll see more of our larger clients start to move, and so it has a bigger impact on that uplift on the dollar side. So obviously, each flip is not created equal and in general, we've got more of our large clients that are still to be migrated.
Brian Miller: I mean, I think it continues to be a lot of development around the cloud and our optimization and efficiency efforts around optimizing our products for the cloud. There is a shift from some R&D that was previously being capitalized, especially around some of the cloud projects that will now be expensed. So a lot of it is the same people but now running through expense as opposed to being capitalized. And that's -- obviously, it doesn't change our cash flow but it changes where it turns up on the income statement. So I think it's important to note that we are expecting to drive margin expansion even as we have a movement away from capitalized software development and to more R&D expense.
Brian Miller: I don't think there's anything unusual. What we did point out, I think we and the Street are still getting used to the seasonality of the transaction business. And I see when they were a separate public company, certainly we're well versed in that and people who followed them more. But as that impacts Tyler and as we saw this quarter that seasonality around the transactions is pretty significant. I don't expect that to be meaningfully different in 2024, but I think that's the biggest thing to look out for when you look at the quarters.
Brian Miller: I'd say most of the leverage that we're seeing in the model is coming from cloud operations and the things we've talked about, the impact of our -- moving customers out of our data centers and into ABS and our plan to have that first data center close midyear, the benefits we're getting from both scale and improved costs at AWS as we put our new customers there and move existing hosted customers into AWS. So those unit costs become lower. And I think the new agreement with AWS further helps that pricing and leverage that we get as we scale that business. The version consolidation expenses or benefits that Lynn mentioned as we eliminate multiple versions of software and create efficiencies around both support and development. So those cloud operations are really the biggest things driving our margin leverage and those are the things we pointed to at Investor Day that will continue to drive that margin expansion that we expect to see over the next several years as we [Technical Difficulty] 2030 targets.
Brian Miller: Flips provide that same opportunity. So we're having conversations with clients about moving a product to the cloud, it gives us an opportunity to have that conversation around other products, maybe in that same suite that they might have on premises from another provider that aren't Tyler products, and the opportunity to bring together an integrated set of solutions while they're moving to the cloud. And I think that as we continue to accelerate the pace of those that we'll continue to look for those opportunities for greater upsells and cross sells.
Brian Miller: Yes, there's always a lag. And sometimes we might sign a flip and it starts next quarter and then we see that uplift then. Other times, whether it's because of things that the client needs to do to get internally to get ready to move, whether it's that they need to upgrade to a current version of the software or they need to do things, they've got other internal priorities around their own resources that caused a delay or -- there are a variety of reasons why there can be a lag of from one to multiple quarters. And sometimes it doesn't all happen at once. So they may be flipping multiple applications with us so that they start -- the uplift starts at different times. So I'd say generally, it's not 24 months, but it could be from one to a few quarters before we see the full impact of those from the time we sign it to when we see the impact on the uplift.
Brian Miller: Well, I'd just say when we talk about the number of flips, it's just not that precise. I mean the timing, for example, the Idaho -- signing the Idaho agreement, I think, it was almost three years in the making that we had discussions with them and planning. As Lynn was talking about, it's very complex to move a statewide court system, a lot of planning on their part, a lot of planning on our part and how that all goes and getting comfortable with that, so what quarter that actually gets signed in. Now not all of them are that complex but there's not that much precision around directionally whether it's 92 or 100 or 103. So I'd say that the number was generally in line and the pace at which they're moving is in line with our expectations. The dollar value probably was a bit ahead of, but we expected. So there was a little bit more larger ones in there and the uplifts were a little better than we expected. But it's really hard to be very precise from quarter-to-quarter about what we expect. But we are saying that we are on track with our long term expectation that the number of clients and the dollar volume that will migrate over the next several years as we drive towards that 75% to 85% of our customer base migrated to the cloud by 2030. But just like with new business signings, the exact quarter it falls in is a bit hard to predict, but we're at least in line with our expectations around flips.
Brian Miller: Yes, it's a little hard to tell exactly. I think the bill that's out there now that I believe is passed the house would actually not resend it, it would delay it until 2026. So the incremental taxes that we would -- if that became effective, we would not have to pay in the incremental taxes, the $50 million that we've talked about for this year and lesser numbers going forward. It's a little unclear exactly how and when we would sort of get back the taxes we paid in and incremental taxes we paid in, in 2023, which were $127 million, presumably, those would either offset our normal tax payments to reduce those tax payments over the next year or two or we would file for a refund, which also takes some time. So it's hard to exactly quantify how that would be. But clearly, we wouldn't have those incremental payments going forward. And in some manner, we would look to recover the incremental taxes we paid in either through refunds or lower estimated payments going forward.
Brian Miller: It's generally stable. The part that's expected to be recognized in the next 12 months, I think, is reasonably stable with where it's been. The term of new SaaS deals, for example, this quarter, I think, was very similar. It was a little under four years average term. So it's fairly consistent with what we've seen in recent quarters. And then, of course, the transaction contracts don't really go into backlog. So they don't really affect that number. But on the software side, I'd say it's -- there aren't any meaningful changes in that duration of backlog.
Brian Miller: We would expect license revenues to -- well, license revenues, which are mostly recognized upfront. So we actually expect low single digit growth this year. But in terms of the mix for them to continue to decline as part of our overall mix, I don't have that sort of broken out year-by-year or quarter-by-quarter. But we would expect that, that percentage of new business that's now in the high 80s to continue to expand incrementally year-by-year until there's very little license revenue left. We do have some third party licenses. We have some license sales back into existing on-prem customers. But really selling very little, only a couple of products where we really sell any licenses at all in the new business market.
