Brian Miller: Thanks, Lynn. Total revenues for the quarter were $541 million, up 7.3% and organically grew 6.5%. Subscriptions revenue increased 12.1% and organically rose 11.8%. Within subscriptions, our SaaS revenues grew 23.2% to $156 million and grew organically 22.5%. Keep in mind that there's often a lag from the signing of a new SaaS flip or SaaS deal or flip to the start of revenue recognition that can vary from one to several quarters. Because of this, as well as the timing of SaaS renewals and related price increases, SaaS revenue growth both year-over-year and sequentially may fluctuate from quarter to quarter. Transaction revenues grew 3.8% to $177.7 million. Transaction revenues exceeded our plan, primarily due to higher transaction volumes from new and existing clients, including recreational licenses such as hunting and fishing, which begin their peak season during Q2. In addition, e-filing revenues grew 11.2%. The year-over-year comparison for transaction revenues continued to be impacted by the change in mid-2023 from the gross model to the net model for payments under one of our state enterprise agreements. This will no longer be a factor in year-over-year growth comparisons in the second half of the year, and our expectation is for mid- to high teens growth in transaction revenues in the second half of 2024. SaaS deals comprised approximately 97% of our Q2 new software contract value compared to 82% last year. During the quarter, we added 203 new SaaS arrangements and converted 111 existing on-premises clients to SaaS with a total contract value of approximately $127 million. In Q2 of last year, we added 170 new SaaS arrangements and had 94 on-premises conversions with total contract value of approximately $93 million. More importantly, the average ARR associated with our Q2 flips increased 21.8% over last year as larger clients such as Fulton and Clayton Counties in in Metropolitan Atlanta, Georgia; the cities of Tucson, Arizona and Birmingham, Alabama; and the Columbus, Ohio City schools flipped to the cloud, including transaction revenues, expansions with existing clients and professional services, total bookings increased 7.3% on an organic basis. Our total annualized recurring revenue was approximately $1.8 billion, up 8.4% and organically grew 7.8%. In previous quarters, we discussed our expectation that 2023 would be the operating margin trough from our cloud transition and that 2024 would mark a return to operating margin expansion. Our non-GAAP operating margin in the second quarter was 24.5%, up 150 basis points from last year. The margin expansion reflects improved margins from our cloud operations, along with expensive effective operating expense management and improving professional services margins. As we discussed on previous calls, merchant and interchange fees from our payments business under the gross revenue model have a meaningful impact on our overall margins as they are passed through to clients and are included in both revenues and cost of revenues. We incurred merchant fees of approximately $45 million in Q2. Because of strong earnings and effective working capital management, both cash flows from operations and free cash flow were above expectations for the quarter at $64.3 million and $48.6 million, respectively. Cash flow in the quarter was impacted by approximately $29 million of incremental cash taxes due to Section 174. We ended the quarter with $600 million of convertible debt outstanding and cash and investments of approximately $262 million. Our net leverage at quarter end was approximately 0.65x trailing 12-month pro forma EBITDA. Our updated 2024 annual guidance is as follows: We expect total revenues will be between $2.120 billion and $2.150 billion. The midpoint of our guidance implies organic growth of approximately 9%. We expect that merchant fees will be up approximately 6% over last year, and then implied organic growth, excluding merchant fees, would be approximately 20 basis points higher. We expect GAAP diluted EPS will be between $5.76 and $5.96 and may vary significantly due to the impact of discrete tax items on the GAAP effective tax rate. We expect non-GAAP diluted EPS will be between $9.25 and $9.45. We expect our free cash flow margin will be between 18% and 20%, including an estimated impact of approximately $60 million of incremental cash taxes related to Section 174. Other details of our guidance are included in our earnings release and in the Q2 earnings deck posted on our website. Now I'd like to turn the call back over to Lynn.
Brian Miller: Those two are related, but they're not related to any reclassification of R&D. They're just interrelated in terms of as we perform different R&D projects. Some of them fall in the category of requiring capitalization and others are expensed. And sometimes, there's a -- and this just reflects a little bit of a shift between those two. So more of our development costs are being expensed and less being -- I'm sorry, more being capitalized and less are being expensed to R&D. So, it's just a shift between capitalization and expense based on the nature of the projects.
Brian Miller: Yes. I don't think there's anything particularly seasonal around the pace of those, both the timing of new deals and especially the timing of flips can be a little bit lumpy. So, we certainly expect the trend to continue to be over the mid- and long term for the number of flips and the size of flips to continue to increase. That was one of the big factors this quarter was that the average ARR from flips this quarter was up almost 20%, and we highlighted some of those larger flips that are taking place. But I think in general, obviously, we're at a very high percentage of SaaS at 97% of the new business. I think public safety still will have some license deals in the second half of the year. And so that may even fall back a little bit. But the trend that Lynn just described is certainly continuing of greater acceptance of SaaS and public safety. So, I think you'll continue to see the flips trend upward, although they may bounce around a little bit from quarter to quarter and that the continuing -- the vast majority of our new deals coming in and SaaS will also continue.
Brian Miller: I don't think there's a whole lot at a very high level, I think you'll continue to see revenue step up a bit from where they were in the second quarter, particularly around professional services, we'll continue to see grow a bit. SaaS will continue to see growth sequentially. I think the biggest growth in the second half will be, as you'd expect, SaaS revenues continue to step up quarter-to-quarter as more new customers come online and as we execute more flips and we get the impact of those revenues. The other revenue lines, I think generally, you'll see be fairly consistent with where they were in the second quarter across the third and fourth quarters. And dropping down to the bottom line, I think you'll see earnings generally in the same range that we see in the second quarter in the third and fourth quarters. And cash flow, certainly, the third quarter historically is by far our strongest cash flow quarter because of timing of maintenance collections and that will be the case as well.
Brian Miller: Yes. I think, and obviously, the change from the sort of low single-digit growth in the first half to the mid- to high teens in the second half, mostly revolves around that, the impact of us lapping the gross to net change from one of our state contracts midyear last year. But if you break down that kind of high teens growth, I think, generally, sort of the -- and it's a high level, but the sort of the same same-store growth or the same customer growth is typically kind of high-single digits, maybe approaching 10%, but kind of in that range is how we think about it. Some of that around our Digital Solutions division state contracts where they either have higher transaction volumes or we add additional services in a state that drive more revenues with that same customer. And then the difference going up into the mid- to high teens is sort of our new customer growth, and that's really reflecting the impact of driving the payments platform into our local government customer base and attaching it to both new and existing software customers. And we've talked about those being higher margin, higher premium pricing kinds of engagements. And those are the ones we're talking about. For example, this quarter that added $8 million of new ARR from new payment customers in our -- associated with our software customers. So, that's kind of generally how we think about that split.
Brian Miller: Yes. With respect to the three acquisitions from last year that have strong AI capabilities, they continue to perform really well in terms of the new business market, and they are continuing to grow. We highlighted last quarter a couple of large deals, and I think we mentioned a few of those this time as well. I think we've been really pleased with the speed at which those have started to contribute and we're able to leverage cross-sells. Of course, that's part of the thesis behind all of those acquisitions that we can leverage our existing sales organizations in our existing customer base and new deal opportunities to sell more of those newly acquired products. And I think we've been really pleased with the speed at which we've been able to execute on those and particularly CSI adding that to some of our large court deals. ResourceX already had some large client engagements, and we're continuing to see those come on board as well in ARInspect. We called out several state deals there this quarter. So those are all performing really well and contributing nicely kind of out of the box.
Brian Miller: I'll take the first part of it. Most of the cost for the data center are up in cost of subscriptions. So, they're up in the gross margin line, there's also -- I mean there's depreciation, there's operating costs and there's some personnel costs. Those -- the first data center that closed, the Dallas data center is a colo facility. So, there's not a real estate impact there. So those costs will be part of our margin profile in the second half of the year. But also remind you that around the second data center, which we expect to close around the end of next year, the bubble costs or the duplicate costs of running that data center and incurring costs in AWS as we migrate customers out, those costs continue to increase until they go away because we continue to move more customers out of that data center as we progress towards its closure. The impact of the closing of the first data center is somewhat offset by the ongoing impact of the second data center. And then we'll get a bigger bump at the end of -- after that data center closes in '25. So again, I think overall, I think operating margins are probably pretty consistent in the second half of the year with where they are here in Q2.
Brian Miller: I think the ongoing move to the cloud helps us there as well because in a general sense, we're able to deploy software more efficiently in the cloud. And version consolidation helps us as well to some extent there on both services and support.
Brian Miller: Yes. And I think the other -- the other side of that strong demand is this increasing desire for digital modernization, and it's really how governments increasingly do -- address doing more with less resources. So, to the extent that they have really struggling with understaffing, a lot of workers left the public sector space during COVID and in general, government has not rebuilt its workforce. So, they're trying to perform these essential services with staffing constraints and really turning to technology as how they do that. So I think it's a little bit even more than just the traditional replacing a 20-year-old system that's at end of life and is dying but being more strategic about it and saying, okay, the new technology will help me do the things I have to do with either the budget or the personnel constraints that I'm forced to deal with.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Our exceptional performance in the first half of 2024 positions us well for a strong second half. We're pleased with our progress across all fronts as we remain on track with key initiatives around our four-pronged growth strategy while demonstrating our competitive strength and model durability. Our cloud transition is beginning to generate the expected benefits of margin improvement and enhanced client experience. As you know, in 2019, we launched a multiyear cloud strategy to shift our solutions and operations to a cloud-first business model, leading our clients to a future in the cloud. As we enter the next phase of our cloud journey, and as more new and existing clients embrace our cloud strategy, we see increasing opportunities to prove areas critical to our clients that ultimately affect client satisfaction, including product release cycles, product consistency, performance reliability and cost effectiveness. To effectively address these areas and lead this change, I'm pleased to share that Russell Gainford has been promoted to Chief Cloud Officer, effective immediately. Over the past three years, Russell has proven his ability to own the overall vision for Tyler's cloud-first strategy. And in his new capacity, he will continue to drive our cloud initiatives across our organization, including developing our cloud technology and operation standards, controls and business processes, overseeing our strategic business partner and vendor relationships as well as architecting the organizational design and staffing plans in collaboration with operational leaders. Shifting to capital allocation. Our disciplined approach bolsters our strong balance sheet as we've repaid our term debt during this period of higher interest rates. This coupled with our ability to consistently generate strong free cash flow provides tremendous flexibility to take advantage of opportunities to make investments that drive shareholder value, including product development, M&A and potentially stock buybacks. And while the bar is currently high for acquisitions, we continue to evaluate strategic tuck-in acquisitions, while building liquidity to be in a position to address our convertible debt maturity in March of '26. I'm also pleased to highlight that Tyler recently was recognized by two leading publications as we were included on Times list of America's best midsized companies and Forbes' Best Employers for Women's list. Before I close, I'd like to welcome our two new board members, Margot Carter and Andy Teed, who were elected at our May 9th Annual Meeting. Margot brings a wealth of experience in cloud software and SaaS transformations, AI and payments. She currently serves as President of Living Mountain Capital, where she invests in and advises companies and private equity firms on digital transformation and innovative strategies. She has an extensive background in finance M&A and corporate governance and has served on several public company boards. Andy is a seasoned technology executive with significant public sector experience. He currently serves as the CEO of Eco Parking Technologies, an integrated lighting and parking guidance company. Prior to that, Andy spent nearly 20 years at Tyler in various senior leadership roles. His extensive public sector experience and familiarity with our products and clients along with his knowledge of cloud technologies, make Andy a valuable addition to our Board. I also want to thank our two outgoing Board Directors, Dusty Womble and [Mary Landro] for their years of service and contributions to Tyler's success. Finally, I'd like to express my appreciation to our entire Tyler team for their hard work and continued commitment to driving growth while leading our clients on their digital modernization journeys. Our leadership is aligned with a unified focus on cloud living, and I've never been more confident in our prospects and Tyler's future. Now, we'd like to open the line for Q&A.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Alex, I think it's a couple of things. We did sign that long-term extension as we continue to commit more and more of our clients going into AWS and more and more spend each year, we do receive some additional discounts. So, I would expect those to continue. I think the other side is just -- is really just some of the operational efficiencies that we're starting to see the product optimization as we continue to optimize and move them into AWS version consolidation, the things that we've talked about. So, it's a number of factors, but I do expect looking forward that some of our gross margins would improve. I don't know that I would look -- I think as you look out over the next six, seven years, our Tyler 2030 vision, I would expect several of our gross margin lines to improve. I don't know that necessarily it's going to happen in the next 12 months, but we are making progress on all of those items.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Matt, it's a good point. We are seeing more momentum, certainly more cross-sell momentum in that state space. I think it's a testament to our DSD division's long-standing relationships and really our enhanced focus on leveraging those these last couple of years. There's things that we've done. We've talked about in the last couple of earnings calls around compensation and sales commissions and also executive leadership compensation that sort of try to break down some of those barriers and enhance those cross-sell opportunities. We are seeing more and more multiproduct deals. I think I referenced a few in my notes earlier. And that again, that's just -- it's a testament to what we've been -- what I've been sort of calling for the last couple of years, this vision of one Tyler operating more as a singular unified company, breaking down any sort of internal barriers that might have been just a slight hindrance in the past around cross sells and upsells. And I think we're starting to see that pay off as relationships are continuing to forge and as they start to become more and more productive.
Lynn Moore: Yes, you're right, Rob. Public safety has -- it's actually been a little bit surprising their results this year. At the end of last year and really coming into this year, we had made the decision that we were going to really lead our clients to the cloud sort of like the position we took across all of Tyler. And you're right, the momentum is there. Momentum is an interesting thing. And as you know, our clients talk and so I think right now, it is a competitive advantage for us. We are able to offer all of our core public safety products in a SaaS environment. That's not necessarily the case with all of our competitors. It's still a very competitive market. I like where we sit right now. I like some of our key wins or against some really key Tier 1 competitors, some that I mentioned in my remarks earlier, like Idaho State police deal. So, it's an interesting dynamic and one that I think is -- I talked earlier about momentum it is building momentum, and it's exciting to see. And I think we're also starting to see the impact of some of the cybersecurity concerns, which are -- they're heightened across all of our clients, but we've seen a number of flips. I think we had six flips in public safety in Q2. A couple of those were actually the result of some ransomware. And so being able to be nimble and stand up those clients very quickly, perhaps not with full functionality, but get them up and running where they can do their job has actually shown a lot of benefits and starting to give confidence to our clients and to their surrounding communities that the cloud is something that they should be looking at.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I think, Michael, too, I think when you look at the numbers and compare quarter-over-quarter from last year, we've talked about the public sector market and how budgets are healthy and sales pipeline is strong. I think you're seeing that. We had I think if you look at our total new software deals, it's up about 11% year-over-year. Our flips are actually up about 18% and our new SaaS deals were up about 20%. Licenses, as Brian mentioned, are continuing to decline. I think licenses in Q2 were a little less than 1% of total revenues. And for the year, maybe a little less than 1.5% is what we're looking for the rest of the year. You're seeing the results of a good healthy market, and you're seeing the results of that market continuing to embrace SaaS and the cloud.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Alex, I would say, I think in the last several quarters, we're actually starting to see a little bit more uplift than what we had expected. But I think what it does is when you step back and you look at our long-term Tyler 2030 goals, I'd say what's been happening over the last several quarters now as it's really validating what we've set out to do and what we said we're going to do. I would like to -- when you think about timing, one of the things we've constantly said is that as we look out to 2030, it won't be linear. But again, each quarter where I start to see some of these what I'm now calling momentums makes me feel even more confident about what we're doing and what we've set out to do.
Lynn Moore: Yes. And I think when we think -- I think we outlined when we're looking out to Tyler 2030, we looked at transaction growth. It was really -- we're projecting long-term CAGR of sort of low double-digit growth. One of the things we're also seeing, Saket, is we've gotten a lot better at onboarding our clients. We're getting a lot more efficiencies there. And so, we're actually starting to get revenues recognized sooner. And then over time, to your point about sort of same-store sales is trying to drive further and further adoption across that client base is a significant driver.
Lynn Moore: Yes, there's a lot of buzz for these out in the marketplace, Terry. And as Brian said, it's kind of twofold. On the one hand, it's a great playbook that we've run for many years, a tuck-in acquisition that we can get in the hands of our sales teams and get out to our installed base but also in areas like ResourceX, for example, I mean, it's a differentiator for us in our new enterprise ERP sales. So, it's both a competitive advantage in new sales but also a huge opportunity to deploy through our installed base.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I'd say -- I'd add to that, Josh. One of the things that's gratifying to me is we outlined this vision of closing the data centers a couple of years ago, and we're basically hit it on track. And that takes a lot of work by a lot of people. And again, it continues to validate some of the things that we've outlined a couple of years ago as we started our cloud transformation. So that's gratifying to see. The other obvious upside of getting out of the Dallas data center and eventually out of the [indiscernible] data center is all the future CapEx savings. We would spend a lot of money over the next five, seven years, adding to those capabilities had we not done that. Your question on pro services gross margins, it's a couple of things. I would say, one, it's been an enhanced focus, sort of a top-down focus from the management team over the last year plus. It's something that we're dissecting and continue to dissect and look at things around really focusing on those gross margins, utilization, things like that. The other thing that's been driving it is we're starting to see a little more stability in our workforce, and we've been seeing that for several quarters. So turnover is a lot lower. And in the Pro Services area, when you experience elevated turnover, which we did coming out of COVID, we did during sort of that period post COVID when people were transferring out and going through -- the grass is always greener. It's tough because it takes a long time to get people trained, up to speed and get to a point where they can be out in the field and be billable. And so, I think it's part of what we're seeing overall in the labor market. But having that return of more stability and more consistent, historical Tyler turnover levels is certainly helping. But it's also been an enhanced focus from the management team.
Lynn Moore: And to that point, Brian, I guess, remote delivery of services, it's something we really started around COVID and clients continue to have more and more acceptance of that delivery model.
Lynn Moore: Well, it's a little bit of both. Peter, the state-funded model is what old NIC now DSD grew up with. And there's -- I think there's going to be continued demand for that type of model as budgets are constrained. We talked about it, last quarter the significant deal we signed with -- last quarter, quarter before the California State Parks, which that deal could not have happened. It's the largest contract in Tyler's history, and that deal could not have happened absent the self-funded model. I do think you're going to -- we're also going to continue to see more and more agency by agency. That's part of our strategy, getting more products in on a targeted agency basis that's probably more aligned with the more historical Tyler model. We've done some things internally over the last couple of quarters really consummated in the last year. We've done an internal realignment between our Platform Solutions division and our Digital Solutions division so that we can take advantage of both of those opportunities, align our sales teams, eliminate some overlap but really start to drive both types of sales as we go forward.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Jonathan. I mean, as we know, it's a reality. We always say it's even -- it's not a matter of if, it's when. And cybersecurity event has certainly impacted both our clients and other public sector agencies that aren't our clients. It is a natural opportunity to accelerate discussions around moving to the cloud and flipping to the cloud. We've had a number of those. We don't necessarily -- I talked about a couple of public safety that happened last quarter. I don't really like to highlight them too much. but that's -- it's a reality that's going on in the market. And one of the things that I think we're getting better at is as we're flipping clients to the cloud for whatever reason but certainly in the cyber -- as a result, cybersecurity is, it is an opportunity to get them more modern and add some more products in the mix. So again, it's out there. we're all dealing with it. And our goal really is to be as responsive to our clients as possible, and we've gotten better. I've mentioned at public safety -- we've also gotten better about being able to stand up clients really quickly, maybe not with the full functionality that they might have had in an on-premise system out of the box but enough to get them going, which also gives us an opportunity to sort of reevaluate all of their requirements and potentially upsell other items. And so yes, it's just out there.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I think, Kirk, it's certainly a competitive differentiator right now. And I think we've seen this historically across different business lines. There's always times when competitors sort of make a move and then we make a move. I'd say right now, I like where we sit with public safety. We have the most comprehensive offering. We have the most comprehensive offering that can be deployed in the cloud. There are some smaller players who certainly have some cloud-native offerings but may not have the depth of functionality and may not really be good candidates for some of these larger deals and whether or not their ability to execute on it. What's been impressive, I think over the last 18 months or so -- 12, 18 months at public safety is the execution on this strategy. It's a shift in mindset for that sales team, it's a shift in mindset for all the operational teams and messaging that out to the market, it's resonating, and it's something that's exciting to see. I remember a couple of years ago talking about how it could be several years, maybe five, six years before we were even at 50% SaaS levels at public safety. And it just shows you that the changing dynamics in the market. And fortunately, we've been in a position through some of the work we've done over the years to not only capitalize on it but also help lead it.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I don't know that -- yes, we -- for a lot of our clients are on June 30 fiscal year. But I don't know that we necessarily have significant insight in those budgets. They're pretty steady. They're pretty healthy. Most of our sales procurement cycles are multiple years long or certainly long, not all multiple years but they tend to be lengthy. I think -- I'm sorry, I lost my more train of thought there. So yes, I think the budgets are healthy right now. And I think our win rates are good. One of the things that I've -- we have noticed this year is, I think, probably a leading indicator is when you look across our product lines, all of the indicators are still strong. And really, most of our divisions, almost all of our products are either at or above sort of what their sales projection was for the year in terms of being midyear. So that's a good tailwind as we look out over the next several quarters. And right now, we're not seeing any -- certainly no negative changes in the public sector budgets.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Matt. And thanks, everybody, for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller or myself. Thanks, everybody. Have a great day.
