John Marr: Thank you, Brent, and welcome to our first quarter 2020 earnings call. With me on the call today are Lynn Moore, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Miller, our Chief Financial Officer. First, I'd like for Brian to give the safe harbor statement. Next, Lynn will have some preliminary comments, and Brian will review the details of the first quarter results. This will be followed by a discussion of the impact and our responses related to the COVID-19 pandemic. And I'll have some final comments and we'll take your questions.
John Marr: Thanks, Lynn and Brian. Obviously, a little different call and unusual and a lot of information to digest. Before we take your questions, I'd like to reinforce a few of the highlights. First, I want to add my recognition and appreciation to the entire Tyler team, as well to the strong leadership that Lynn and his executive team have provided. We deliver and support a lot of great technology. But the true value of Tyler exists in our 5500 incredible employees. These professionals are what differentiate Tyler from all other players in this space. Lynn and Brian provided a lot of data points in detail. I'll just add one of my own anecdotal observations. Nearly every day for the past month, and we drive through the parking lots of the two larger facilities here in Maine, where normally there would be 500 or 600 cars. I need to admit after seeing this company grow to this level over the past 20 years, it can be a little discouraging to see nearly completely empty parking lots. But then as I talk to our leadership team, I'm told that the dev and R&D projects are on schedule. Customer support issues are being handled and close was better than the normal response times. And go live continue to move forward. As Lynn has been saying it's not only impressive, it's inspiring. From early in the morning until literally midnight or past there, thousands of Tyler employees are tunneled into the network and cranking out the work. These people have lives, children, homeschooling, spouses working, some of them in the healthcare professions in their own commitments. One interesting fact is that the highest network activity is late at night. 8, 10, 12 o'clock. Literally hundreds, sometimes thousands are online getting the work done after the other challenges of the day have been satisfied.  It's incredible to witness, it's also gratifying to know that we have a business model strategy and we're in a position where these jobs are secure, and Tyler will only grow stronger. Yes, we will be impacted in the short and likely medium term. As you've heard, sales cycles will lengthen our ability to travel the customer sites will have an impact, and there will be some incremental pressure on government budgets at all levels. But the fundamentals that we are built on aren't changing. Everything we do is centered around essential enterprise applications. Our customers will survive and we're aligning technology even more to recover. They're still going to run payrolls, manage courts, dispatch first responders, appraise properties, and on and on. But now, there is some uncertainty. The Tyler will grow this year will be profitable, will strengthen our already strong balance sheet, and most importantly, will execute on all the key strategic and competitive initiatives. This simply won't be true for most of our competitors. Smaller startup types don't have the financial strength. Many of our competitors are peeking around and saddled with significant debt, limiting their investment flexibility. Other horizontal players, this isn't a first or highest priority, and they'll have to make difficult decisions. I'm not suggesting there won't be other good competitors on the other side of this thing. There always will be, but I'm certain that Tyler will be stronger on the other side. Whatever negative impact may occur over the next couple of quarters, it's just timing. If a decision or replacing system is delayed, that's all it is delayed. We saw this in the great recession with a slow year, year and a half and then a very robust recovery. It's a net zero game and when those deals come back online, I'm confident our win rates will only be higher.  Now Brent, we'll take questions
John Marr: It hard to know, Kirk. Some of the budget here are actually different around the country. Some people go out, do their due diligence, go through a selection process and then go to finance committees for funds, others get the money appropriated and know they have it and then execute the process. So it'll be a little bit all over the place. That's obviously why we suspend guidance. As we've said, 70% of our business is recurring, we don't see it to be affected in a meaningful way. A lot of the other 30 comes out of backlog and is pretty essential there has to occur. And so you end up with a small piece of our business that's important to us. But it's a little less predictable at this point in time, and we'll just kind of have to see how things unfold. As I've said, and what we experienced in the great recession was the deals that got pushed, they all occurred. Back then, we actually had a flat revenue year and we've negative $1 million, the only time it's ever happened. And then we had several very strong years following that. So it's really just a shift in the timing. If they need new systems, they simply need them and they will replace them. But I think the next few quarters will be hard to see, other than the practice in our case, they are on a small percentage of our business, that's a risk and the vast majority of it stays in place.
John Marr: I think the bigger driver from this incident is just the availability of technology. So with everybody working from home, with the citizen and partner facing apps, applications, much of that's just much more reliable in the cloud. So, some of these people on legacy systems that are hosted in city halls, county offices, courthouses, it's been much more difficult for them to provide that kind of access in a reliable fashion in partnering with somebody that runs a modern technology, advanced cloud system, gives them far greater flexibility. So I think that will be the bigger driver to accelerate the movement of cloud.
John Marr: And just to give you a little perspective, our plans for the year going into the year were to add about 500 net new heads. So we have a fair amount of flexibility there leavers to pull with respect to the timing and the volume of there’s -- but everyone said most likely on the professional services and implementation where we, I think, can plan to hire a couple of hundred people during the year that will likely be adjustments to that hiring, reflecting the change in more than being delivered remotely and delay.
John Marr: Great. Thanks, Brent. Thanks for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your interest. Obviously, in interesting time and we appreciate all the questions. If you have any further questions, feel free to reach out to Brian, Lynn or myself. Thank you very much. Stay safe. Have a good day.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. We got a very solid first quarter with a great deal of momentum going into the second half of March, when we began to see the effects of the COVID-19 pandemic. The market was active and we executed at a high level. This was our 34 consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. As GAAP revenues grew 11.9% and non-GAAP revenues grew 11.3%. Organic revenue growth was 6.4% for GAAP revenues, and 5.7% for non-GAAP revenues. Our core software revenues from licenses and subscriptions grew 12.1% on a non-GAAP basis, with 8.3% organic growth. We continue to experience an increasing preference among clients for cloud offerings, as subscription arrangements represented 73% of new contract value signed this quarter. Of course, this was pressure on short-term revenue growth, but generates higher revenues and margins over the long-term. GAAP subscription revenues grew 21.5% and non-GAAP subscription revenues grew 20.5%. Subscription revenue growth has now exceeded 20% for 11 consecutive quarters and 52 of the last 57 quarters. Total recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions grew 17.1% on a GAAP basis, and comprised approximately 71% of total revenues. It was another extremely strong quarter for bookings, which were up 39.8%, our second consecutive quarter of greater than 30% bookings growth. Our two largest SaaS deals in the quarter led the way, both we're following contracts with the state of North Carolina Administrative Office of the Courts. The first was for our new Odyssey e-warrant solution and was valued at approximately $24 million. The second contract, which we noted on our last earnings call, was for our Brazos e-citation solution, valued at approximately $14.5 million. Both of these 10 year SaaS agreements expand on the relationship with North Carolina that started with our largest SaaS agreement ever, an $85 million contract signed last June for Odyssey case management in e-filling solutions. And demonstrate our ability to grow our client relationships across our broad portfolio of integrated solutions. We signed two other SaaS deals in the quarter that each had a contract value of greater than $6 million. One with DuPage County, Illinois, for our IS World Appraisal solution, and one with the city of Richardson, Texas, where multi suite arrangement for our Munis ERP, ExecuTime, time and attendance and EnerGov Civic Services, Incode Courts and Socrata Data Insights Solutions takes full advantage of our connected communities vision. We also signed five new SaaS arrangements with contract values greater than $3 million. Four of those deals, were for our Munis ERP solution with the cities of Merced, Napa and Palm Springs, all in California, as well as Napa County, California. The fifth was with the South Carolina Department of Education for the first statewide implementation of our Versatrans school transportation solution. Our largest on-premises license deal of the quarter was a $6.3 million contract with Beaver County, Pennsylvania for our IS World Appraisal solution, which also included appraisal services. We continue to widen our market share lead in the California Court Case Management market with a $4.4 million on-premises license contract with Contra Costa County for Odyssey Solution. We also signed a $2.7 million license arrangement with L.A. County for EnerGov Civic Services solution. Now I'd like to Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter, and then we'll move to discussion of COVID-19.
Lynn Moore: Scott, I think, obviously, one of the clearest examples of difference between '08, '09 and today is the speed and the shutdown. And the impact, as John mentioned earlier, back then, after coming out of the great recession, we had a year where we were essentially flat, maybe even a little down in revenues, but that wasn't until 2010. The impact on the economy was a little bit slower. Here we obviously have a much more forced, self imposed closure. So, I think the compression of the effects may be a little bit stronger.  So still hard to know. I do think, as we said earlier, our Q2 and Q3, we're going to learn a little bit more as we go into some more budget cycles. But I would say the speed of the compression and any associated lag, maybe a little shorter. Another difference for us personally, and one of the things that makes me even more positive today is the position that Tyler's in today versus where we were 12 years ago. We talked about our balance sheet, we talked about our cash position, go back to 2008, 2009, our balance sheet was a lot different story. We probably had somewhere around only 10 million in cash and probably around equal amount in debt. And today we're in different position. Our recurring revenues as a model, I think back then were less than half of our overall revenues. Today they're approaching 70%, 71%.  We've been investing back then one of our biggest initiatives was to invest during that time, we've been doing that leading up to that. So, a lot of investments we've been making are prime to the coming online and poised to take, really take position of where we are when we come out of this. So, at a high level, that's what I'd say the difference. There certainly are some similarities, but it's certainly not identical. It gives me a lot of comfort to know that this company has been through that, being able to talk with, and obviously, I was here part of this team, but we've got senior leaders up and down the management team who were part of this company, let it through there. It gives us confidence and what we've done in the past and what we can do in the future. And that's really something that's great to lean on. It's good to be able to lean on each other and know that we're on the right course.
Lynn Moore: Yes, so Peter, as we said before, there's a little bit of uncertainty right now. There are still deals going forward. What we see is particularly deals that are in their later stages are going forward. We talked earlier, Scott was asking about implementation services, same thing, those that are more in the middle of projects versus the beginning of the projects are continuing. What we see right now that's sort of our best guess for the rest of the year. We met with management last week, as we do every quarter. We had them really give us their best guess on the impact of COVID on their particular business units. And it varies a little bit from business unit to business unit. Our business units recognize revenue differently. Some are more PLC based. Some work at a backlog, some little more dependent on quarterly licensed sales. But we met with them, we talked with them, we had them present what they considered sort of, bear case, bull case, and best case and we as a management team got together and said, this is sort of where we think we're going to land. As we said in my earlier comments, I'd expect you to have a lot more clarity in our Q2 conference call. And I'd probably like to reserve until the end to make much more detail on that.
Lynn Moore: Yes, thanks, Matt. So I guess initially, you talk about pipeline. And I just want to reiterate our comments that we made earlier. There may be a slight demand in pause. But there's no real fundamental change in our industry demand. And right now, we don't really see a change in our pipeline. But although we do recognize there will be delays. We really haven't seen any meaningful cancellations.  As it relates to sales, it varies a little bit as I said, some processes that were already well down the road, those are continuing. We are doing remote demos, which are a little more different in fact, we just finished one last week and received an award after 13 hours of doing virtual remote demos. So a little bit new. Some of the things we talked about internally. We talked about, what are things, mitigation things steps that we can make, but also what types of opportunities are out there.  One of the things I think Tyler's always been really good about is while keeping their discipline also staying opportunistic. And some of the things you're missing you're talking about are some things we're talking about. We do believe that this will help accelerate the move to the cloud. So you see our sales, people will start talking about that they'll start promoting cloud and they start promoting our flips. We will put more emphasis on our mobile solutions, things like in our public safety mobility, even our payments. And my things like MyCivic, you talked about messaging. I think there was a question earlier, this is a really good opportunity to really sort of start honing our message on ROI. I mean, it's something that we know internally, but may not have always been a top priority for some of our customers. So, I think some of those things we're doing, and again, the impact of sales is sort of, you talked about reaching out to clients. Sometimes, as I mentioned in my earlier comments, just there's some logistical difficulties right now, because you have work from home environments, but we've talked about those messages and make sure that we're going to be equipped for when things return to normal.
Lynn Moore: Yes. So, I would say the message I’ve sort of given to the team is cautious optimism. We need to see how things play out. But we -- but let’s not to forget the optimism part. We already had made some significant hires this year as part of our plans. As we've mentioned before, we're going to continue to invest in our long term strategic initiatives and so all those debt projects going to keep going and when you step back and you look at potential projects being delayed and things like that there may be some slight pause in hiring some of those services components. But overall, we're committed to our workforce committed to running the business in such a way that our current employees won't be impacted. We will continue to do some hiring. And as the year unfolds, and when we start seeing return to normal, and we'll start seeing some of that hiring again.
Lynn Moore: Well, I think that's a possibility, as John alluded to earlier, there's different ways that projects are funded. There's different budget cycles. There are significantly still a lot of funding resources. One other things that people tend to forget or may not emphasize is that they're a lot of funding sources, property taxes are still probably the major funding source for state local government, really for local government, excuse me, for counties and cities. They comprise an overwhelming proportion of revenues as opposed to say sales tax. If you look at sales tax revenues, which are generally considered to be down, those comprise more around 7% of a budget for a county or city.  I also expect that there will be some more funding coming from the federal government. I think you may have seen earlier this week, that the Fed announced that it was broadening the number of local governments from which it would allow them to buy debt for them. Originally, they had talked about doing things for counties that were only 2 million and up, and that's been reduced to the populations of 500,000 cities to 250. But there will be some impact. And I think, it's our experience in the great recession was I mentioned earlier, the impact was really felt a little bit later. In my response to comments earlier, I think the thing about this is that there may be a little bit more compression in that impact. But, again, I think we'll have a little bit more clarity as we get through the year, particularly as we get through Q2, see the impacts, see what's happening as the states and local jurisdictions are returning to work. And then I think we'll be in a lot better position to answer that question.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Jonathan, it's a good point. I think -- one thing I want to emphasize is something we've talked about for the last couple of years, which we have been -- we have already been investing at an elevated level. We've done that for a number of reasons. As I mentioned earlier, these projects, to me, that's an opportunity that we have initiated there's elevated investments across the board. I think you're going to continue to see us invest in our cloud initiatives. Those are not going away. And if anything, we may try to accelerate some of those. All the things that we've been talking about that are long-term strategic initiatives, we're going to continue to keep doing.  And then we'll continue across the broad base through our products. But again, I anticipate that this crisis will accelerate, further accelerate both the receptiveness and willingness as well as the move to the cloud. And I think we're going to continue to invest there heavily in the next couple years. 
Lynn Moore: We have a number of success stories out there but I would consider some quick responses from some of our divisions. We talked about virtual courts, we talked about what was going on in public safety. And I think, we've seen some of that. We have had a couple of deals where some local governments have tapped into emergency funding. I wouldn't say it's a significant number, but we've seen a little bit of that. 
Lynn Moore: Yes, thanks, Rob. Yes. North Carolina has been a real success story for us. And you're right we're very excited. We talked about it last summer, when we announced the North Carolina Courts deal. One of the things we specifically talked about what some of the potential upside sell opportunities, we called out Brazos in particular. We spent a lot of time talking about the Brazos e-citations deal at the end of Q4, really great deal, largest deal really in Brazos history. Running in AWS, it's a great story. Shifting gears to something that we haven't talked a lot in detail as much as this Odyssey e-warrants. And again, this is a really great story. This is for a lot of reasons. Our Odyssey e-warrants is really all about its electronic transmissions of warrant applications between police officers in the field, and a judge who may be sitting in a courtroom or maybe at home at night. These are things that are time sensitive, potentially middle in night, evidentiary matters, maybe drawing blood on someone at a DY accident or doing something that's really have a time sensitive nature. This was a legacy product that state of North Carolina had. They talked with us about it and we said, hey, we can build that. And they trusted us. They building on that relationship. It's a 100% cloud base, built in AWS, it's going to be spun up very quickly. Target to go-live is actually next year, we expect to have about 49,000 users. It's a great story and it really further evidences our connected communities vision as we realize that it's, you're connecting the agencies, you're connecting the police agencies with the courts. Do you think it can be a differentiator not only on our court side, but also on our public safety side. So it's a really good opportunity. It's something that I'm extremely excited about. You said it builds on that earlier big contract with at the state of North Carolina. Your question about thinking a little bit broader. I think that e-warrants opportunity in North Carolina. It's a nice statewide opportunity. I think as you look out, I don't know that as you go to other jurisdictions, it will be on a statewide basis, I think you'll see a lot more deals more locally at the county level, you'll see things in some of our larger clients. So nobody else has this out in the market. I think it's something that's exciting as we look forward.
Lynn Moore: Well, you raised a good point. We weren't a lot different model back then in 2008, 2009. And certainly, as we go back to even say, the 911 or Y2K. I think coming around 2009, I think Tyler's subscription revenues were only about 17 million a year. Today, we're north of 300 million, which is obviously a different situation. The trajectory, as we talked about was a little bit delayed there. The impact was a little bit longer lasting. But as you look at a couple years, I think past, as past the recovery, I think Tyler's revenue growth was more in the 18% range. So the question is, how quick does that come? As we talk a lot of times, as we continue to move more to a subscription model, it's obviously a lot better long-term, it won't have necessarily the same pop into short-term. But as John's comments mentioned earlier, we feel really confident about our ability to be positioned to get an overwhelming piece of our share of the business as this pent up demand and I believe will return as we get on the other side of this.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure Tyler. It's interesting when I talked earlier about this different business units. We've talked about that some times in the past as to how their customer base may be -- may or may or may not be more or less receptive to certain things. I would say in Q1, of all of our business segments, public safety probably was impacted a little bit more than our others. And primarily because the market they serve first responders and they're extremely focused on really more pressing local needs. We just spent a lot of time at the last call talking about the momentum in the market, that momentum is there, it's real. There are a number of large opportunities. I can say that a couple of them have been pushed. But as you look and we track and what we've track over the last several years is, is we track our ability to move up market, larger deals, larger license deals, deals in excess of 1 million approaching 2 million, but also the size of the customer in terms of calls for service as you approached over 500,000 to approaching a million. And those opportunities are continuing to be there. We did have see some delays there. I think we also saw in the public safety areas that customer base was probably a little bit customer base was probably a little bit more reluctant in the first quarter and since to accept remote delivery services. But in terms of overall demand and our ability to fill that demand, we are as confidence we were last quarter. The investments we've made are paying off. We're continuing to invest in those products, we continue to do things that we've talked about like mobility that are going to only make our products even that much more available, or more desirable.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Joe. I think generally, I probably just want to step back and just sort of, looking at what we've done historically and sort of our approach, our approach has always been to be very opportunistic. We've obviously done a lot of acquisitions. I think we talked last year, we had done about -- since 2018 and last year, we sort of taken approaches, a little bit of a deliberate pause, I would say, as we need to really integrate those acquisitions and make some investments and revise some product strategies. I think coming out towards the end of last year, our approach would have returned what I consider a more normal approach, which is something that we continually look at -- continue to look for opportunities. In recent years, we've talked a lot about the fact that it's been tough to do acquisitions, which is one reason why we've been increased our R&D spend. That's been for a number of reasons. There have been some hyper inflated valuations by sellers, a lot of bidding by PE firms. As I look out forward, I think we're going to continue to be opportunistic, I do think there's going to be an opportunity out there. I think the current environment may create some additional opportunities. We may see opportunities where we may have a few more motivated sellers. Some of their valuations may become more in line with what we think are reasonable. Some of the competition for some of these deals, which in the last several years have been PE firms, we've talked about the leverage that they've got on their balance sheets and the issues this pandemic may cause for them. So we may be able to compete a little bit better on our terms as we have in the past. It's been part of our history. We're going to continue to be optimistic and I expect that to continue as we go forward.
Brian Miller: Scott, this is Brian. There are a couple of pieces to it. One, we're delivering the vast majority of our services remotely. And as we mentioned earlier, we are seeing customers who typically  just expected that those things would be on site, even if we have the ability to do it remotely that are they're certainly now more flexible about it. I'd say we were probably delivering somewhere around 85% of what we would have planned. And there's also a little bit of short-term adjustment as customers also all in one place to be able to accept some of the training or services. So I think that will continue to moderate as we go through this longer. One of the other factors is that included in services revenues, a significant amount of billable travel. Something on the order of $5 million a quarter of revenues that we recognize that are effectively little to know margin on those, but certainly affect our revenues. So they're grossed up on our income statement. And we've seen that go to just about zero. And again, we don't know exactly how rapidly that travel will resume. But likely some services will permanently be delivered remotely. And from an efficiency standpoint, utilization of our staff standpoint, that's a positive, but it will have an effect on -- negative effect on revenues, positive effect on margins.
Brian Miller: Yes. The term had been the same bookings growth for the quarter were that right at 20%. There were, as you mentioned, there were two large $24 million and a $14 million SaaS deals both with the state of North Carolina as that were 10 year deals consistent with our tenure, court case management deal there. If you've taken those two deals out, the average term would have been about 4.3 years on all the rest of the contracts. But yes, it would have been right at 20% without if the term is in the same as last year's Q1.
Brian Miller: I think the biggest factor there is, yes, there'll be less hiring and your expenses there, there are some offsets to expenses, particularly travel expense we mentioned health claims are down significantly and travel to any, I'd say the other big thing is that a lot of the revenues that are being reduced are our lowest margin revenues. I mentioned billable travel which has almost no margin. The professional services as you know are very low margin revenues for us. And even removing Connect, we mentioned we’ll take $6 million of revenues out of Q2 but that had no margin associated with it. So, the higher margin revenues, the subscription, some of the transaction based revenues, those are growing nicely. So the change in the profile net sales to something we believe we can still maintain flattish margins with last year, which was the expectations we came into the year.
