Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Our first quarter results provided a solid start to 2019. This was our 30th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth, as total GAAP revenues grew 11.7% and non-GAAP revenues grew 12.4%. Our core software revenues from licenses and subscriptions grew 25% on a non-GAAP basis, with approximately 13% organic growth. Software license and royalties revenues in the first quarter declined 4.3% as the mix of new business was more heavily weighted towards subscription arrangements. Approximately 54% of the value of new software deals came from subscription arrangements and 46% from on-premise licenses arrangements. GAAP subscription revenues grew 37.2% and non-GAAP subscription revenues grew 38.5%. Total recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions grew 17.1% and comprised 68% of total revenue. As mentioned earlier, our mix of new business was more heavily weighted toward subscriptions, which put pressure on short-term organic growth, but is a long-term positive for Tyler. Our largest deal of the quarter was a contract with the Bahamas for appraisal services, valued at over $7 million. For our iasWorld property tax software solution, we signed a SaaS arrangement with Lackawanna County, Pennsylvania, valued at approximately $4 million, as well as a license agreement with Berks County, Pennsylvania and a SaaS deal with Chesterfield County, Virginia, each valued at approximately $3 million. It was also a very robust new business quarter for our ERP solutions. The largest deals of the quarter were SaaS arrangements for Munis, with Guilford County, North Carolina, valued at approximately $5 million; New Castle County, Delaware, valued at approximately $4 million; and the Richton independent School District in Texas, valued at approximately $3 million. We also signed SaaS contracts for Munis valued at over $1 million each, with Las Virgenes Water District in California, Otsego County, New York and Albany, Georgia. Notable license deals for Munis signed during the quarter included contracts with the Micronesian island nation of the Republic of Palau, the Hall County Schools in Georgia and Flagler County, Florida. We also had a very strong quarter for new contracts with our New World Public Safety solutions. Contracts included notable on-premises license deals, with Monroe County, New York and Paulding County, Georgia. And a subscription agreement with Mount Vernon, New York. For our Odyssey Courts & Justice solution, we signed on-premises license contracts with the Cleveland, Ohio Municipal Court and the state of Maine District Attorney’s Office, as well as SaaS arrangements with Liberty County, Texas and the city of Shreveport, Louisiana, which also included our recent acquisition, CaseloadPRO. In addition, we signed an amendment with the state of Illinois to add criminal e-filing, valued at approximately $2 million. For our Socrata Data Insight solution, significant new signings included: The Nature Conservancy, the U.S. Department of Justice, the City of Everett, Washington, and Baltimore County, Maryland. Finally, for our recently acquired MicroPact solution, we signed a notable federal deal for entellitrak with the Merit Systems Protection Board. As mentioned on our previous earnings call, on February 1, we acquired MyCivic, and on February 28, we closed the acquisition of MicroPact. We’re excited about the addition of the solutions as well as the team members from both of these companies, and believe that both acquisitions will benefit Tyler by providing avenues into new markets and across our current client base. Now I’d like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and update our annual guidance for 2019.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Brent. No question, we’re continuing to see an evolution in the market. I think if you look, sort of through – at the subscription rates 5 years ago versus today, it’s significantly different. I’d anticipate that five years from now, it will continue to be different. Historically, as you know, we’ve taken the approach of a little bit of agnostic. There’s still a good chunk of the market out there that is looking for on-premises, but at the same time, we are making plans internally as the markets continue to shift to the cloud. We had not gotten to the point where we’re actually trying to lead the market in that direction. We are being responsive. But we do have a number of cloud initiatives going on within Tyler from a product standpoint. In other words, in other areas, and it is a focus for us as we look out over the next couple of years.
Lynn Moore: Well, as you know, each of our product lines are – our leading products have 25, 30 years of functional – deep functionality that’s been put in them. We’re taking the approach that we’re evolving those products. As we look to move to the cloud, and as we look to even potentially move to the public cloud more as opposed to the Tyler cloud, we are doing product assessments right now. There’s different ways of sort of addressing the multi-tenancy. In some areas, it’s more practical than others. In some areas, you may have more of a multitenant front end, but they have a single instance back end, and there’s certain areas where you would get multitenant all the way through. We’re actually doing some sort of long-term product analysis in that regard right now. I wouldn’t expect anything in the near term to come out with that, but that is part of our long-range planning from a strategic basis.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Pete, let me take some of that, and then Brian may get to the growth rate question. MicroPact, we have owned – we’ve only owned it – it was only 1 month in this year’s financials. We have owned it a couple of months. There’s a lot of excitement, both from their team and our team about it. The initial transition’s going well. We’re encouraged by the amount of federal activity that they experienced in Q1. It was coming off a couple years of a little bit muted activity. I think we described that on our last call with the changing administration. But even with the strong – I mean, even with the government shutdown in Q1, they had a good strong license quarter. We had a couple of nice wins in the first quarter. I mentioned one in my opening comments, the U.S. Merit Systems Protection Board, which is really a federal administrative law judges' agency that conducts employee appeals and merit system studies. What’s interesting about that is there are multiple ALJ, administrated law judge, agencies both at the federal and state levels, so getting one of those is strategic. We had a nice win with the Tennessee Office of the Inspector General, which is something that looks at civil and criminal fraud abuse in the Tenn care programs – Tennessee care programs. Again, strategic because it was our first state-level Inspector General deal, and again, there’s a lot of Inspector General Offices throughout in both the federal government as well as in the state and local agencies. So some encouraging signs, but again, we’ve had it now two months, but we’re happy with the team, we’re happy we’ve done the acquisition. I think you – had also mentioned some cross-selling. Here, right now, I’d say, we’ve introduced the Socrata platform there. We’re very early in the stages of doing that analysis, but we believe Socrata will play well in their federal agencies. And so with that, Brian, do you want to...
Lynn Moore: I think that’s – I think you’ve stated a good point. It’s certainly an opportunity. As I mentioned earlier, we’re looking at the move to the cloud from a sort of a company-wide, long-term strategic perspective. And doing something like that is certainly something that’s on the list of – that we’re looking into.
Lynn Moore: Sure. As we said, it does seem – the market is moving. It does still vary from quarter to quarter. We had a pretty strong SaaS quarter this quarter, but I think overall, if you step back it is moving. Again, historically, we have not done that. In part because, at the end of the day, the value of Tyler is capturing the customer for long-term value, whether it’s on-prem or subscription. And so we want to make sure we get that customer and there’s still a fair amount of business out there, that if we went 100% one way, we would start missing out on. We think that we can evolve over time and help lead that a little bit, but again, we’re about trying to capture the customer. You asked about the model. Generally speaking, it’s about three years before, when you take the original license in the maintenance versus the subscription, to where it sort of – I think those lines intersect. Then when you start looking at long-term, you know, 10 years, we believe, it’s in sort of the 1.8% times revenue.
Lynn Moore: Well that business is still heavily weighted towards the second half of the year, and particularly in the fourth quarter. And we expect that to be the case this year. Having said that, this was a really strong first quarter. I think their bookings were up, in Q1, 38% over last year’s Q1, and this may have been the best first quarter for bookings they’ve ever had. Now as you know, that part of that is due to some deals that we had originally expected would have been back in Q4, that – and I think all of those deals that we had expected to close in Q1 did close this quarter. But we still expect it’ll be a heavily fourth quarter weighted business this year, but see times of really good growth, the investments we’ve made in the product over the last three years since we acquired New World are really starting to manifest themselves in these higher win rates and bigger opportunities and starting to affect deals in the market. We do think that, also this year, that we’re now positioned to start to pursue some deals that are larger than those that New World’s typically focused on in the past, with the investments we’ve made over the last couple of years, now at the point where we can respond to our fees for bigger deals. That we wouldn’t expect to have an impact on this year. Those are long sales processes, and to the extent we start to pursue some of those larger deals this year, there are probably decisions that are made well into next year beyond and see revenues beyond that. But we feel like the foundation we’ve laid there for growth that starts to catch up with Tyler’s overall growth and starts to contribute to higher growth in Tyler’s core, in the Public Safety area, are starting to pay off.
Lynn Moore: Sure. We don’t guide to free cash flow, but – that we’ve talked about cash flow growth, in excess of our non-GAAP earnings growth. And I think we probably expect to see that this year. We – this quarter, cash flow, really, I think the biggest factor there, in terms of that being below last year’s is increase in unbilleds, and that’s coming from a couple of places: one, we have a number of relatively large percentage of completion contracts, some on the tax side, think places like New York City, where we have a very large project underway, New York state, where we also have a large tax project underway; British Columbia, and those all have milestone billing arrangements. And those milestones lag where we recognize revenue. New York City is one of those where we went live this quarter, with their new property tax system, and so we expect to see a significant billing here in Q2 following that milestone. But we have a number of those large projects that have unbilleds, so it’s just the timing of those billing arrangements that – until they turn around. We do expect to see some of those this year. The other impact is from the adoption of 606, where we recognize revenue at a faster rate on licenses. We used to recognize revenue just to the extent we could bill it, so we didn’t have unbilled receivables on licenses. Now under 606, we recognize that upfront and it creates an unbilled receivable, so it drives DSOs up. But I think we’d expect to see free cash flow growth in probably low double digits over last year.
Lynn Moore: I’ll start with that, Rob. In terms of the competitive – the deals of Q1, yes, we are becoming more competitive. The investments are starting to pay off. You talked about cross-selling, I think we talked about on the last earnings call, you see more of that through our Tyler line story and where we’ve got a strong C&J presence. We talked last quarter about our C&J presence here, our Odyssey presence in the state of Texas, has opened up the state of Texas somewhat to Public Safety, and we started to win some business in a state where really they have been shut out historically. If you look in the first quarter, talking again about how our investments are starting to pay off. Public Safety got its first win in California in a little over three years, and the California pipeline looks strong. Again, that’s a result of the investments we’ve made in the product. Our RFP response rate, which is our rate in which we’re actually responding to RFPs has increased substantially year-over-year, primarily because of the investments, and we’re now able to check off the functionality, whereas before, if we had a low ability to respond, you may not go through that process. So we’re responding to more FPs, as Brian mentioned, larger RFPs. So overall, I think we’re pleased with the investments. I think some of the investments we’ve made and some acquisitions like SceneDoc and Socrata, they’re expanding their portfolio. We’re seeing leverage there, both within the Public Safety base as well as helping us competitively in new deals.
Lynn Moore: I think a little bit was a shout out to them. It was – in particular, we talked about the Netherlands, I think those were some of our new MicroPact customers. MicroPact does have some international business. We’ve got a little bit of an international business. It’s part of our long range growth roadmap. I wouldn’t say there’s any more emphasis now than there’s been in the last couple of quarters. We have a lot of – I think we have a lot of green space here, but it’s certainly part of our long-term growth plans.
Lynn Moore: Scott, I don’t have the specific numbers by product line. It was a pretty heavy quarter on our ERP side. We’re starting to see actually a little more subscriptions in our C&J, we’ve – both in some awards and some deals. I think I mentioned in my comments there was one or two fairly significant A&T that went subscription. So it’s been a little bit across the board. The volume of contracts on ERP that seems to sway these numbers a lot and it was certainly a high quarter of the ERP side.
Lynn Moore: I’d say it’s meeting our expectations, Scott. I mean, when we did that acquisition, it was really part of our long-term strategic roadmap, both from a Connected Communities vision as well as opening up new markets. The prospects for governments going to be, becoming more data-driven, I think, that’s a trend we’re going to see, and it’s good that were on the forefront of it. It’s performing about where we’d like. We do have a lot of initiatives going inside Tyler, as you mentioned, across a lot of different products. We’ve done some things, as you know, when we acquired Socrata, they were already sort of in the transition from sort of the open data, open gov, to the when we now have the platform, the SCGC, say we’re focusing little bit more – pre-Tyler, they were focused more on Gov 500, that’s something that I think is still important. But we’re really now focusing on leveraging those solutions and creating solutions rather than hit the platform that will push down through our channels across our base. So yes, I’d say we’re still pleased, we’re still optimistic what it’s going to do for us in the future, and again, it’s part of our overall long-term roadmap for Connected Communities. And again, the whole concept of data-driven decisions in governments.
Lynn Moore: Really, we don’t do – I guess, maybe marginally, but we don’t do a lot of hardware sales on, around the core products. Most of the hardware sales come from either really small clients who want to buy everything from one place. But most of it is around products like our Brazos mobile citation device product, which carries hardware with it. Our newer probation software acquisition has some hardware that goes with that. So I guess, marginally, it could reduce the hardware, but most of our hardware today is around us, Public Safety and Probation products.
Lynn Moore: I think Q2 was pretty standard. I don’t recall anything jumping out as being an unusually large contract last year in Q2. Our biggest deal last year where we didn’t have any of the mega-deals throughout the year. Last year was certainly a year where we didn’t have any of the megadeals throughout the year, but I’ll take a look, but I don’t recall anything unusual in the Q2 bookings last year.
Lynn Moore: It’s pretty consistent from where it was last year. We’ve made pretty big strides, as you know, we talk about on calls the last couple of years. I’ve made the comment a few times that we didn’t have enough data points to call it a trend. I’d like to think we’re now in that trend. So it’s pretty consistent. And again, it’s consistent with a larger pipeline and a larger, more fee responses. So that’s those are all positives.
Lynn Moore: John, we’re not seeing a lot of that right now. They certainly come into our space from time to time. The difference still is, is if the decision’s not, well, SaaS or cloud, maybe a big part of the decision is, at the end of the day, it’s the features and functionality that we’ve got that maybe the commercial base vendors don’t have, and it’s that deep domain expertise. Certainly it’s, you see a little bit more, it will be a – but I don’t see it just yet, as a trend in the market.
Lynn Moore: Well, I think that’s part of our long-term strategy and goal, that’s kind of what Connected Community is all about. We talked about it last quarter, with the city of Lubbock deal when we sold a whole host of solutions. I think that’s an opportunity down the road, and that’s something that I think we’re uniquely positioned to do. Which is part of our overall growth strategy.
Lynn Moore: I don’t know that our, Tim, that our thoughts have changed a lot. Like I mentioned a few minutes ago, as you’ve said, we’ve had MicroPact for a couple months. We’re very excited about it. They had a very strong first quarter, relatively speaking. They had some nice, strategic wins. There are some big competitors in that space, but we’re faring well. We’ve had some nice wins, not yet contracts, over some significant name competitors, which we’re excited about. But overall, we’re excited about the opportunity.
Lynn Moore: I think a lot of it is just randomness. It just varies based on – and you’re seeing those percentages, although the trend over a long period has been towards more subscription, you’ve seen those percentages in the mix bounce around a lot from quarter-to-quarter. And frankly, just a lot of it is randomness. The customers that happen to make decisions in this quarter, which one of those buckets they fall in. I do think that today, that a lot of the customers still are in one of the camps or the other, and that often, we have somewhat limited ability to drive them more towards subscription. But generally, to the extent that we do believe we have the ability to influence someone, and it could be because they’re open to either model, or it could be that as we go through the process, that we find that maybe due to their infrastructure or challenges they have internally, that they’re a better candidate for a SaaS arrangement, and we are able to move them more towards that. But in many cases, we have a pretty limited ability to change which way they want to go. But there’s a lot of randomness in there, and I think you’ll continue to see that bounce around from quarter-to-quarter.
Lynn Moore: Pretty normal. We talked about an active pipeline. We certainly got, we like to have a number of deals that are awarded. Sometimes to predict exactly how long that contracting cycle will be, particularly with larger deals that take longer, the more complex processes, to get to a signature on a contract. But I’d say the volume of those is pretty normal right now.
Brian Miller: Sure. Visibility varies there. We have a fair number of commitments for new e-filing customers already signed up. And some of these are customers where were in the process of implementing a court system and they’ll start e-filing once that court system goes live. Those are currently engaged in e-filing, but on an optional basis, and at some point, depending on their own internal schedules, we’ll move to mandatory e-filing. So we have some visibility over that, but the visibility over the timing isn’t perfect. We also certainly have a pipeline of new customers that we’re pursuing on the e-filing basis, some of which are existing Tyler courts customers, and some of which are not. So I’d say visibility over new business is fairly good, but the timing can certainly vary. I’d expect to see growth kind of in this mid-teens range throughout this year and beyond that. We do believe that both e-filing as well as some of the other e-services, like research and Modria Online Dispute Resolution will continue to be drivers that grow above Tyler’s core organic growth rate.
Brian Miller: Yes. The range of our guidance, which is still relatively wide on the revenue side, encompasses what we believe is the reasonable range that, that mix might fall in. And I’d say, this quarter would be on the high end of that in terms of the subscription mix at 54%. So I think it ranges broadly between kind of 45% and 55% subscription mix if it stayed at north of, say 55% for the full year, that would be challenging to achieve in revenue. But we do have visibility into a lot of the mix in the pipeline, which, and based on that, we believe that the actual mix for the full year will fall within the range that our guidance encompasses.
Brian Miller: Yes. In terms of their growth rate, I’d say this year we’d be – have expectations around growth, sort of in line with Tyler’s overall growth, kind of that high single digits. Certainly, some opportunities to outperform that, but at this point, I think we’re comfortable with growth at MicroPact, in line with Tyler’s overall growth.
Brian Miller: It’s a mix, and it varies from quarter-to-quarter. Certainly there are deals in the pipeline that only 1 on-premises from the start, there are deals that – typically, a smaller group of deals that only want subscription, although that number is, over time, increasing. And some don’t know that we give proposals for both a subscription arrangement and a license arrangement, and some of those select Tyler, and even up until very close to when they execute a contract, they haven’t decided yet. So we certainly, going into the last month of the quarter, we have deals that we’ve been awarded that don’t know which way they’re going to go in terms of subscription or license. So there’s a variety, and it’s different each quarter. And so it does make it a little less predictable than just knowing if we’re going to win the deal or not. And over time, we probably get a little better at that, but it does create some uncertainty, and that’s one reason we keep the guidance range on the revenue side a bit wide, maybe a bit farther into the year.
Brian Miller: Yes. When we sign a subscription arrangement, generally, we start recognizing revenue when they have access to the software, which is pretty close to the signing. So we’ll generally start to recognize those and those are recognized on a pro rata basis over the term of the agreement, and most of those agreements have a fixed fee over that initial term of the agreement. But we do start recognizing pretty quickly.
Brian Miller: Yes. To the extent that mix is higher on subscription, it’s better for us because that’s early the year, when we get more benefit in the current year.
Brian Miller: I said, Courts & Justice, I think you’re seeing with Odyssey, greater adoption there as well. But really this quarter, the ERP side and the Appraisal & Tax side had the highest mixes of subscription relative to the other product groups. And of course, some of those dig an insight, so Socrata business is 100% subscription, so that, as that business grows, that helps push that mix more towards subscription as well.
Brian Miller: Yes, I think, much more heavy towards the back half of the year. We expect to see a progression – a pretty significant progression in Q2 because of getting a full quarter of MicroPact. And then expect, again growth from the last two quarters, fairly significantly above where we are in Q2. So I’d expect to see increasing growth both from an organic perspective and total growth perspective sequentially each quarter in the year. Also, organic growth will benefit from the acquisitions in 2018, particularly, Socrata and Sage becoming part of organic growth after this quarter. So again, sequential growth, but pretty strong growth from Q1 to Q2 in terms of overall revenues, and then solid growth from there to Q3 and Q4.
Brian Miller: Well, in the short term, it’s a negative to profitability because you’re not getting that upfront license. We have a conversion factor. And we said that if all of the subscription deals had been license deals, it would’ve been an additional, approximately $12 million of licenses, which would have generally gone directly to the bottom line and you can sort of extrapolate that, if 10% of them had been license deals. So in the short term, it puts pressure in both revenue growth and earnings growth, because those licenses would’ve gone, for the most part, directly to income. Over the long term, and as Lynn said, the breakeven point, say, for a three-year subscription agreement is somewhere around that, in the end of that third year, later in the fourth year in terms of revenues is breaking even. And after that first year, the margins are higher and the earnings are higher on the subscription arrangement over the life of the subscription agreement, certainly revenues might be double, and even with the double, what it would’ve been under a license arrangement. And even with the hosting costs factored in, the earnings on that subscription arrangement will still be fairly a good amount higher than the long-term earnings on a license customer.
