Lynn Moore: Thank you, Danielle, and welcome to our second quarter 2020 earnings call. With me on the call today is Brian Miller, our Chief Financial Officer. First, I'd like for Brian to give the safe harbor statement. Next, I'll have some preliminary comments, and Brian will review the details of our second quarter results. Then I'll have some additional comments, and we'll take questions.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Pete. It's a good question. And what we see is, as you know, about 80% of our business is at the local level city county, about 15% is at the state level and about 5% at the federal level. Going backwards from there, at the federal level, we're not really seeing any meaningful impact right now. We may see some delays, but those budgets seem to be intact. We are seeing some impact at the state level, when you look at our Tyler Federal division, which is really our MicroPact division. Their business is a mix -- pretty even mix between federal and state. And what we're seeing there is we're seeing some delays in RFPs. They're predominantly overwhelming at the state level, not the federal. At the city and county, it's still a little bit of a mixed bag. I think our clients are still grappling with the new budgets. I think they're still grappling with what type of stimulus funds may be available. And it's varying actually a little bit across our product suites. When you look at, for example, some of the leading indicators, RFPs and demos and execution of contracts. When you see things on our justice suite right now, our Courts & Justice solutions, our Public Safety solutions. Those are fairly on track right now for this year. We're expecting some pretty good sales. We've had -- obviously, we talked about Jacksonville, public safety. We expect some significant deals there. We're seeing a little bit more delays right now, I think, on the ERP side. But again, it's a little bit of a mixed bag right now.
Lynn Moore: Yes. No, we're not really seeing small jurisdictions band together in that manner. So it's still kind of business as usual in that front.
Lynn Moore: Well, I think the investments we've been making across the board, particularly in cloud and modernizing our products, I think we're going to see that's becoming more and more important. We're not right now doing anything significantly with pricing. I think you're right. We are in a strong position. I would argue that today -- sitting here today, we're even in a much stronger position than we were three months ago at the last earnings call, even with our top-line revenues off a little bit. And our balance sheet is that much more stronger than it was three months ago or probably about another $200 million or so. We're three months further along in all of our R&D initiatives, including modernizing all our core apps and sort of, as I mentioned in our comments, we've learned a lot -- we're learning a lot of things about ourselves in how we do business. And so we know too when we emerge, we're going to be even more efficient. So I think those are all opportunities. Looking at M&A, as you remember, really last year, we had talked about -- we've done so many acquisitions in 2018 and wrapping into early 2019, we've sort of taken a bit of a deliberate pause. I'd say right now, we're back in the same mode that we've historically been. I've actually -- we've looked at a handful of deals over the last six, eight weeks, and I anticipate that we'll continue to look at deals. And I think those are some opportunities out there. We do have a balance sheet that we can use to our favor, to our competitive advantage, both internally with these investments, but also looking at potential M&A deals throughout the rest of the year and into next year.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I'd say my answer is that it's mostly sort of as it's working through the funnel right now. I think I would sort of remind you back to the comments of last quarter. If you recall, before COVID hit, the market was really pretty robust. We were off to a really great start, which was a sign of what the entire pipeline was. And actually, we were on pace to beat our internal plan for Q1, which is usually a pretty good indicator of how we'll do for the rest of the year. That pipeline, it doesn't go away, as you know. I mean everything we do is essential, that demand is there. And so you got to kind of think back, okay, where was the market ahead of time? That market is going to stay. And then also in the interim, the normal pipeline is going to continue to grow, it's just going to be pushed out a little bit. And I do think our clients are still wrestling with that question a little bit. There is a little uncertainty, there's a little apprehension. Anecdotally, we're hearing some things from some of our salespeople. Clients are saying, we sort of still need to see what budgets are looking like. We feel pretty confident that Feds are going to provide some more stimulus funding, but it just hasn't happened yet. Even within climate -- within jurisdictions, there's funds there. Obviously, our maintenance and subscriptions are not being canceled. Those are still there. But the -- moving forward with new projects, there's a little politics going on as who's going to get what funds and when. And so just a little apprehension and uncertainty right now.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Matt, it's a good question. And I would say right now that we're only a couple -- it's just a couple of months. And so I would take some of my comments as much anecdotal as anything. I don't know that there's anything that's established a firm trend right now. We're just seeing what deals we believe are going to continue to go forward and close, and we're certainly seeing that with some public safety and courts deals. As we saw back in the Great Recession, which I think we kind of lean on for a little bit of experience, we talked about how we're replacing end of life, we talked about how this is essential. And in some cases, it's okay, where exactly are they in an end of life, and can they squeeze 1 more year out of this financial system? Or can they squeeze 1 more year, two more years? And they may be in a position to sort of doing some of that. I think your comments are stud about our civic services and permitting, licensing and planning. A couple of the deals I mentioned in my comments were some of our larger deals in the quarter. And I think the pipeline and outlook there still looks pretty good. With respect to schools, that's certainly an area of some uncertainty right now in a lot of facets, right? I mean a lot of schools haven't even made up the decision as to how they're going to operate next year, whether or not they're going to bring kids back or not, which obviously creates ripple effects, not just in our business, but through all our kids' lives and our employees' lives and those around the country. So I'd say there's a little bit of uncertainty still there around schools. One of the things that we've done to your comment about civic services and recovery is our Data & Insights division is really working closely with our Munis ERP solution and with our EnerGov Civic Services solution. We're coming out with some products. They've come out this quarter. We've got a few clients who are piloting them right now. On the ERP side, we call them Executive Insights, and on the EnerGov side, civic services, we're calling them community development insights. And it's -- these are -- this is Data & Insights. It's our Socrata platform. It's built on top of Munis for the executive insights, providing real-time financial fiscal health metrics like budgets, cash balances, HR metrics, payroll revenue versus budget, certain areas, property revenues versus budget. And certainly on the community development insights, it's helping them sort of understand the economic health and recovery, what's going on? Is it's -- it's pulling up real-time data on permits issued, permit applications, inspections, the value of permit construction that's going on. So these, I think, are pretty valuable tools. They're -- like I said, we've got 4 early adopters right now, a lot of positive feedback. And I think once we sort of get those solidified, you're going to let us roll that out. And that's just an example of us leveraging some of the investments we made before in Data & Insights, where I think there's a big future here and applying it right now to specific needs of our clients.
Lynn Moore: Yes, it's a fair question. I think at a broad level, when you're looking at expenses and our operating margins for the rest of the year, I mean we kind of outlined that on our guidance, and we're expecting a lot of the things that are -- that we've seen over the last few months to continue on. We're evaluating. And we've done some things with our salespeople, and we'll continue to evaluate that. It's interesting. When we had this conversation three months ago, I think everybody, including us, thought the world would probably be in a little bit different place right now. And I think that's one reason we pulled down our guidance as there was so much uncertainty in around travel and things like that. And so as we're starting to see that this is going to continue on a little bit longer than probably even my expectation, certainly to the degree a few months ago, we're going to continue to look at that stuff internally.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I think that's right, Rob. I think as their budget pressures in public sector, people are going to be looking to do things that are more and more efficient and investing in large infrastructure and large IT shops, I think, is not going to be the way. It's going to go. And we have been moving more, I would call right now into what we call a cloud-preferred approach, historically, it was cloud agnostic. And so we're doing things with our salespeople. We're trying to get out that message of ROI, trying to get the message of security of the cloud. And I think you're starting to see that in our new sales. I think also what's interesting is, we talked about it -- I talked about a little bit in our prepared remarks, but is the SaaS flips that are going on within Tyler, those are continuing to gain traction. And I'd say, historically, if you look back a few years ago, most of the SaaS flips were really occurring on the ERP side. Really beginning last year, we started putting more internal focus, for example, in our Appraisal & Tax division on SaaS flip. We started to get the message out to our customers that the cloud is going to be the future. And that message is being well received. We're also starting to see it really in our Courts & Justice side. It's a focus of theirs this year. They've done some things, really looked at their pricing, as you know. They've got some very small clients up to some very large state-wide clients. And they've done some things with some tiered pricing and stuff, so they can start rolling that out. And it's showing in the numbers. I think we talked about 42 SaaS flips, but some of the more significant SaaS flips we had this year, you look at appraisal and tax, it was Franklin County, Ohio, it was Cab, Georgia. At C&J, it was Oasis County, Texas, which is Corpus Christi and Alameda County in California, which is our CaseloadPRO solution. So the focus, not only just on new sales, but also going back into our installed base with SaaS flips is something that's continuing to gain traction with us, and it's going to be a focus in the near future.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure. I think there's some really -- we've talked about a lot over the last several -- the last couple of years. I mean we've made a lot of investments in public safety that are really starting to pay off. Those investments were done to modernize the apps, but really to expand the TAM, and the Jacksonville contract is really a strategic win for them. As I mentioned, it's a full suite, including e-records, field reporting, SoftCode, Brazos, SceneDoc, Socrata. That win validates not only our investments we've been making in public safety and moving up market. But it also validates the acquisitions that we've been doing over the last several years. As I noted, is as I reel those off, SoftCode, Brazos, SceneDoc, Socrata, those are all recent acquisitions and things that we've done to enhance our offerings. And you're never quite sure what is the tipping point in the deal, but certainly, those helped round out a deal and help us move upstream. So those are continuing to pay off. As you look at budgets in public safety, as I mentioned earlier, that was a very large contract for us. We've got some significant opportunities that we think are still going to close this year. There's a lot of attention right now on defunding the police and what does that mean and what does it not mean? And that concept has kind of been around for a long time, probably going back to the civil rights days of the '60s. And I think it's not quite clear what that means for some. Is it -- are you talking about defunding? Are you talking about reforming? It's really talked about at some of the Tier 1 cities. But at the end of the day, public safety is going to be funded. Public safety is very important. I'm not sure that across the nation, despite what you see on television that there's some overwhelming push that there's going to be a defunding of police departments across the country. I think if anything, it probably puts a greater emphasis on technology, it puts a greater emphasis on some of the investments that we've been making, things like mobility and things -- I think a greater emphasis on data and insights and transparency and the things we're doing with Socrata integrating with our Public Safety solution. And so it's -- at the end of the day, I just -- I think that public safety is funding is going to be there. What we see in the near-term and the pipeline is there. And I think we're in a great position given all the investments we've been making in the last couple of years.
Lynn Moore: Scott, if I could amplify on that, too. I agree with Brian about remote delivery of services, and it's something that clients are becoming more acceptant of that. It's not like next year or two years from now, we'll be 100% virtual delivery of services. That's just not -- that's probably not feasible. We'll do some things to help -- that is -- it's good to see clients accepting it. The fact that we're being successful with our go-lives is very important. We may do some pricing with either on-prem versus remote that will help. And then stepping back, I mean we talked earlier about it was a tough quarter for bookings because of last year. We're setting up a tough margin year for next year. And coming into the expectation, you're right, we have been investing heavily for a couple of years. And our expectation originally coming in the year was a little more flattish margins from the year before, and with margin pickup to start coming in 2021. So I would expect really going back to that baseline that we will have a pickup and perhaps a little bit more than we might have expected because of some of these sustainable savings, but still a little too early to tell exactly what that is.
Lynn Moore: We're seeing net new. It's been in our Courts & Justice space. We've been seeing more in the cloud. We're seeing it more on the A&T side, same with EnerGov and things like that. But we're also -- really, the point of my comment was the focus was to outline our focus on internally on flips across a broader spectrum of our products. And so it's just part of our overall long-term initiative of moving to the cloud and say it's starting to get some traction.
Lynn Moore: Well, there are still some new RFPs. But I would say that's just the volume is -- across is not as robust in certain areas as others, as I mentioned earlier. And this is really sort of looking out over the next 6, 9 months. And like I said in our -- mentioned earlier in my comments, we're seeing things at the Tyler federal level in the Justice solutions, those leading indicators, RFPs are holding fairly steady. Same with our Data & Insights solution. They're off a little bit right now in some of our ERP solutions. But again, to my comments before, it's -- this is all timing. These decisions don't go away. They just get delayed.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I think that's a good point, Jonathan. And the answer -- the short answer is yes. And we're actually seeing that. Our Insight sales across the board is holding fairly steady right now. And so I do think that's an opportunity, not just in this environment, but I actually think it's one of our larger opportunities as a company as we continue to move forward.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I wouldn't expect it to have a meaningful impact for the rest of this year. And I think it will start having more of an impact as we get into 2021, and particularly as this budget cycle sort of -- we sort of run through this budget cycle. I mean it's one thing too for the Feds to go ahead and announce some significant stimulus. We've seen that already with some of the things they've done in response to COVID. It's another thing for the jurisdictions to get their applications in and get the funding and all of that stuff. So it's an important piece. I think it helps with some of their just general uncertainty right now and anxiety, but I wouldn't expect it to have a meaningful impact in 2020.
Lynn Moore: No, I think there's -- well, I don't know that we can say for certainty, but we believe that there will be an opportunity potentially for a bump in e-filing. E-filing is obviously challenged right now, even though some courts have opened, a significant percentage of current e-filings, current civil filings are really debt-related, they're landlord eviction-related. And right now, there's kind of -- there's moratoriums on that even where courts are open. Some of those cases, they won't go away. So we do think there's a possibility for pent-up demand, but I don't know that we've got real certainty around that right now.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Danielle, and thanks, everyone, for joining us today. We certainly hope you all stay safe and healthy. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller or myself. Thanks.
Brian Miller: Yes. I think -- so I think if you look just at the change really from basically our soft guidance of mid- single-digit growth, the biggest change is to what we've actually implemented in the current guidance is around -- on the revenue side around billable travel that we did expect we'd see more of that come back as we got into the third quarter and into the fourth quarter. And now we've eliminated most of that from the plan for the remainder of the year. So the midpoint of our guidance now is 4% growth, and so it's still kind of in that mid-single digits. But that's the biggest downside. Now those revenues are basically no margin revenues. So the effect is positive on our margins. Probably the things we're more confident in as well would be somewhat around the pipeline for the second half of the year. Obviously, we're three months closer to that, the deals that in our plans are pretty far along in the pipeline. We have better visibility into and better information around that. And as Lynn mentioned, the expense savings, we -- now with a quarter -- a full quarter behind us in this environment, we have a better feel for where those savings are happening and the volume of those.
Brian Miller: I do think that COVID is partially responsible for accelerating clients' desire to shift to the cloud and notwithstanding that we -- that our larger deals this quarter were mostly on the license side. But we did see some license deals and some SaaS deals, but more license deals slide out of the quarter, which resulted in that bigger decline in our license revenues. Yes, but the ARR growth this quarter on the revenue side, a lot of that represents deals we signed in prior quarters that are now coming online. For example, we've started recognizing revenues even in the North Carolina, e-warrants contract we signed last quarter. We're continuing to ramp up with the North Carolina court system and expand revenues there. So those prior bookings feed into the actual revenue recognition growth over time. And so we're benefiting from that. But we do think that this environment will continue to accelerate clients' desire to be in the cloud, which certainly, long-term, is a good thing and consistent with our desire to move more of our business to the cloud and where a lot of our investments are coming in today.
Brian Miller: I think it's probably somewhere in between. Some of these things that are affecting our margins are fairly onetime or temporary situations. For example, our lower health claims costs around -- because people haven't been having elective procedures or going in for their physicals. That will come back. Some of the trade shows likely will come back. But in the long term, I think we're learning we can do virtual trade shows and learning some about the value of some of those things that we've done in the past and that some of them won't, company T&E. We just had very effective quarterly management meeting virtually, and we probably won't go back to having 4 of those in person afterwards. When you multiply those across the company, I think a lot of those will have permanent positive impacts on margins and efficiency, and there will be some of those that will come back. I think the biggest thing is probably around how we deliver services. And that's something we've talked about, pre-COVID, is doing that much more effectively. We have little to no margin on a lot of our professional services. We do them to control the quality of our engagements and have successful implementations that we can control, but don't make much money on that. And so this has certainly proven that we can do that effectively -- a large portion of that remotely. And that our clients who might have previously resisted that are willing to accept that. And so I think that will be one of the permanent changes. So I think there are some long-term margin improvements that will come out of this, and that's clearly a positive for us. So net, I do expect our margins will be better. But I think there's some reversion as some things come back. We do have -- and also, as we've said, we've really continued with our R&D. So a little bit of delays in hiring some people. But generally, we added quite a few R&D heads this quarter. And generally, we're going full steam ahead with our existing investment plans, and our R&D for the full year will be very close to what our plan was. So this margin expansion is even in the light of what was sort of our original plan for R&D.
Brian Miller: Yes. And on the split, certainly, the timing has some uncertainty in it, as it always does. Bookings can be lumpy, particularly on the license side. We typically have a bigger license quarter in Q4 around public safety. So I'd expect that we would see sequential revenue growth in each of Q3 and Q4. And I mean I think the growth in each of those quarters is probably fairly consistent after -- so the number you need to get to, to get to that over -- the annual guidance number is probably pretty consistent between Q3 and Q4 in terms of a growth rate. And the earnings, we would expect to grow sequentially in Q3 and then again in Q4 as well. So sequential revenue growth, sequential earnings growth, but exactly where that split falls out is a little hard to tell. I mean I think the guidance implies something around 5% growth for the second half of the year. And that will likely be fairly consistent in both Q3 and Q4.
Brian Miller: Sure. It is -- once it gets out of the free trial basis, it is an add-on. It's a cloud offering, hosted at AWS. So it's a subscription add-on to the existing base. This is primarily -- today, with our municipal courts customers, which are less complex type courts, traffic courts and those sorts of things, many of them with smaller customers. So the individual uplift is sort of moderate, I'd say, compared to their existing recurring revenues with us. But it's certainly something we think is very broad applicability across our municipal court base. And also we're looking at expanding a similar offering into our larger Odyssey customer base. So I don't really -- I think, I'm not really in a position to quantify the opportunity, but it's -- I'd say it's a meaningful uplift from the existing recurring revenues with those customers.
Brian Miller: Yes, most deals that are going to close in the next 2 quarters are pretty far along in the pipeline that worked through lengthy sales processes already. And those generally are already funded in an existing budget and also generally are very high priorities in terms of the needs. So those, we expect to be largely unaffected to the extent we see delays around those. It's less around funding and more around just the logistics and the disruption that the clients are having that has slowed down some of the processes and might push them out of this quarter into next quarter and more of the short-term kinds of delays.
Brian Miller: And about 75% of our e-filing is on a fixed fee basis and 25% is transactional and variables. So it's a minority of our business on the e-filing side is affected today. But some of those places where the courts are shut down, we've seen that to be significant.
