Lynn Moore: Thanks, Hala. We began 2023 by delivering strong first quarter results that met or exceeded our expectations for most key metrics. We continue to see broad-based demand across our product solutions, reflecting strength in the public sector market and our unique ability to support our public sector client’s digital modernization needs. We're seeing a high level of request for proposal and demo activity across our software business with particularly strong activity in the ERP space. Our mix of new software business also demonstrates how our market continues to embrace the move to the cloud. Total revenue growth was 3.5% with 7.2% organic growth, which also excludes COVID-related revenues and recurring revenues comprised nearly 84% of our quarterly revenues. We're pleased with our solid revenue growth even as the shift to SaaS and our new software mix continued to accelerate, with SaaS deals comprising 87% of our Q1 new software contract value compared to 80% last year. Most importantly, SaaS revenues grew organically at 24.4%. Our sales activity this quarter reflected strong cross-selling success including opportunities driven by leveraging state relationships at our Digital Solutions division, formerly NIC, and upsells with our data and insight solutions. In addition to our current quarter wins, our pipeline of cross-sell opportunities continues to grow. We also continue to execute our growth strategy around our payments business. During the first quarter, we signed more than 120 new payment deals, and we are especially pleased with the early traction that we are gaining with our acquisition of Rapid Financial Solutions and their robust payment issuing capabilities. I'd like to highlight a couple of first quarter deals that illustrate these successes. In Indiana, we expanded the relationship between Indiana's family and social services administration and our Digital Solutions division with a contract for Tyler's Disbursement as a Service platform to improve the payment disbursement process for sending its existing child care and development fund payments to providers. The purpose of the CCDS federal program is to increase the availability, affordability and quality of childcare. Leveraging the capabilities from the Rapid acquisition, in combination with our existing state enterprise contract, we will streamline the entire disbursement process from portal setup, including registering users and collecting banking information from providers to virtual account payments across all payment types and channels. Through Rapid's robust platform, the solution will also provide reporting and reconciliation features to support complete oversight of the payment program. In addition, we signed two payments contracts to provide rapid disbursement solution for court funds, including Fort Bend County, Texas, a current user of Tyler's jury management solution and Shelby County, Tennessee, a current Tyler Enterprise courts client. The quarter's largest SaaS deal valued at approximately $18.5 million was with the province of New Brunswick in Canada for our enterprise assessment solution. New Brunswick becomes the fourth Canadian province to implement our flagship property tax solution. Now I'd like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and our annual guidance for 2023.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Our first quarter results demonstrate the strong momentum we are building across our business. Our cloud transition initiatives are on track in this pivotal year as we make progress with our move from Tyler's data centers to AWS and managed through expected margin headwinds resulting from the accelerated pace of cloud adoption as well as cloud bubble costs. Our successes in the marketplace reflect our unparalleled competitive strength, synergistic cross-sell and upsell momentum and highly desirable cloud solutions and position us well to execute on our long-term strategic growth road map. In the next few days, we'll release our fourth annual corporate responsibility report. We hope you'll take some time to review it and learn more about the progress we've made with our ESG efforts. To close, we're extremely excited to host clients in person at Connect, our annual user conference, which will take place in San Antonio from May 7 through May 10. Registrations are an all-time high, and this will be our largest connect ever, with some 6,000 public sector clients attending.  We also look forward to our upcoming Investor Day that will be held in person on June 15 in Frisco, Texas, along with a live webcast. We look forward to highlighting our differentiated value proposition in our mid- to long-term strategic plan, growth drivers and financial targets supporting our Tyler 2030 vision. More details will be communicated soon, and we hope you'll be able to join us in person or online. With that, we'd like to open the line for Q&A.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Sami, I'd add this, too. We've talked a lot over the last couple of years about the cloud transition and the impact on both revenue headwinds and margins, but there's a lot more going on within Tyler. And I'd say right now, there's a lot of intentionality going on at Tyler. It's a little bit more than just sort of sitting back and letting the cloud transition run through the financial analysis. We have a lot of internal analysis, we have a lot of initiatives going on beyond just the cloud transition, taking a look -- deep look at different parts of our business, different things that we should be doing and can be doing. And I really commend our executive team and really our entire staff for the work that's going on right now. There's a lot of work going on at Tyler for sure. But I could say that everybody is sort of aligned generally with what our long-term goals and our long-term vision is and part of that is around margin expansion. So there's just a lot of things going on, a lot of intentionality. There are some bigger pieces. There's smaller things that we're doing. But I think there's just a lot of intentionality going on.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Kirk, that's a good question. We actually are hosting some special events around our state government clients, and we're going to have a lot of our key state government stakeholders there. We're going to have them introduced to a lot of our executive team. So there'll be sort of a side path going on with them, also be part of the larger forum as well. Connect is just a unique opportunity for us. We've got so many clients. It's a chance for us to sit down and talk to them, talk about our vision, but also listen to them and listen to their needs, hear what their vision is, it's a chance for us to interact. It's a great opportunity for us to help our clients with more training, more information, talk about the new offerings that we have, things that can make their jobs better and more efficient. It's a big event. It takes a lot of work. Our marketing team does -- and events team just does -- it's an amazing job. If anybody hasn't been to it, I'd recommend people go, it's really done in a first-class manner. There's a lot of work that goes into it. It's not an inexpensive event, but it's something that's very worthwhile. I think not only does Tyler and executive team get a lot out of it. I think our clients get a lot out of it.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Matthew. I think we're -- part of your question, I think we're still in the early innings. I'd say we're still in the early innings with everything we're doing with NIC. Probably talked a year ago about being in the first inning. We might be in the top of the second. The cross-sell opportunities continue to grow. We take a very deliberate approach around that. We've been instituted this year.  We've been doing the strategic account management meetings where we're getting the Tyler salespeople together with state GMs and really sort of doing what we call sort of a state of the state baseline where we're sort of taking a deep dive and look into what are the objectives in that particular state, what are the relationships NIC, our Digital Solutions division brings, where what's the Tyler product footprint, what's the terms of the contract vehicle, how can we easily get products into those clients' hands. When we talk about what those near-term opportunities are, we do qualify them. I mean we have a number of opportunities that we think are more longer term, but what we call more qualified leads. We're up around sort of in the 175, 180 range right now. All different types of plays that we're looking at there, probably somewhere around $50 million ARR is what we've considered a more qualified pipe. Qualified pipe to me is not something that's going to close in the next month or 2, but it's something that I think has got a pretty viable horizon on it.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I think what I would say there, Josh, was that what we're seeing in terms of the sales indicators, the RFP volume, the number of demos that we're doing is really at almost all-time highs. Now that's not going to turn into business for several quarters, but it's very encouraging to see. I don't really -- I can't really put my finger on what's driving that right now other than the fact that demand remains high and our clients' budgets remain solid.
Lynn Moore: Sure. I think we certainly use the flips and conversions as an opportunity to upsell. That is part of our strategic direction. We're still going at a pretty healthy pace. I think when we get to Investor Day in June, probably give us -- we'll probably hear a little more guidance on the pace of our conversions and where we think we'll be over the next 4, 5, 6, all the way up to Tyler 2030. But yes, you're exactly right. It's an opportunity for us to once again reach out and upsell other products around and then help incentivize flip to. As it relates to Rapid, this is a transaction that we're pretty excited about. It's a capability that we didn't have in-house. It's not a capability that I didn't have in house, the whole bringing in the whole issuing side of disbursements and the fact that we closed that deal at the end of November. And so we've owned this company for just a little over about 5 months now, not quite 5 months and already the synergies in working with the digital services team, formally NIC, these deals that we've already got signed, I think this early is something a little unusual for us with acquisitions. It normally takes a little bit of time. There's a lot of road map looking out on the disbursement side payments. As you know, they're primarily focused right now sort of in the justice space, but there's applicability across all of our product lines. That again is going to take years to develop, but it's pretty exciting, the early momentum we've seen.
Lynn Moore: Yes. I think when we talk about what we're seeing in the market, it's a couple of things, probably. I mean we're -- it certainly reinforces the principle that the things that we're providing are essential functionality. I think it reinforces the principle that we went through some periods of time where there might have been a little pent up demand coming out of COVID and also the continued shift towards modernization and digitization of local government. We also see where we talk about the labor markets, for example, and how the labor markets are affecting different companies, but they're also affecting our clients. And as there's labor shortages and turnovers with our clients, it's also creating challenges for our clients, which is having them really point to and use technology to help bridge that gap. So there's just a lot of things going on right now. It's a good market right now. And it's -- I don't know how I'd characterize this to my expectation, but I'm pretty happy with where the market is right now.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Pete. I think you're right. Our focus still continues to be a reduction of debt. We're -- that's our primary focus with our use of capital. It's interesting. Our term debt now is getting closer to 30% of our overall debt. It started off more at 65%. So we're about -- we've kind of flipped that model. We still look at M&A. We still evaluate a lot of M&A opportunities. Clearly, we just did this Rapid Solutions deal last fall. If we see an opportunity like that, where we really believe in the long-term strategic value, we're going to pursue it. I think that's been our take really even when we had a lot higher net leverage profile. That being said, we've got a lot of initiatives going on at Tyler, and we've got a lot of our hands full with a lot of different things. And I could see us continuing to do acquisitions like Rapid, but in terms of a larger sort of more transformational or entering into a whole new space, that's probably not on the near-term horizon.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Jonathan. I think I mean data insights is something that -- when I look out in the future of public sector, that's to me is an offering that I can see every single public sector agency needing. It's a very unique offering. We're in a unique position given our big -- our large footprint and our ability to surface data across so many different solutions, not only our own but even non-Tyler solutions. I think it's something that -- look, we made that investment now 5, 6 years ago. And I think we're starting to see more and more demand for it. What we've also seen is internally, we've actually sort of deconstructed the D&I former division within Tyler, and we now sort of have it integrated with each of our divisions so that we're aligning more product with the individual demand, so it's something that I think is a differentiator for us. I think it's always been a differentiator for us. We've seen it even in the last year or so, it's been a differentiator for NIC.  When we talk about a year ago, we were talking about the South Carolina rebid or the early renewal of the Texas payments contract. Those were done in part or primarily or a major factor was our data insights. So it's something that we're going to continue to leverage. I think we're in a unique position with it, and it's something that the public sector really needs.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Gabriela, I don't expect it will be linear. And certainly, margins and our targets and broadly how we view the trajectory of 1 of the topics we'll be looking to address at the Investor Day, that things are rarely linear. I do think around the timing of flips over the next few years as we accelerate the move of our clients from on-prem to the cloud, the timing of -- if that's a J-curve or an S curve or how that works will be a factor in that margin trajectory. I think that we're more certain around the timing of the closing of our data centers and we've talked about that in 2024 and towards the end of 2025, closing those 2 data centers and being able to reduce those bubble costs and so those will have more of an impact in those years. So I don't expect it to be linear. I really can't give much color beyond that right now, but it is something we'll continue to refine our outlook for and we'll be talking about margins will certainly be a significant topic at Investor Day.
Lynn Moore: Yes. And I think to be clear, we've talked historically over the years about services and our margins on services. And services historically is not accretive to margins. We've talked in the past about it maybe in breakeven or really more of a loss leader. That's likely not to change going forward. I think when I talked earlier about intentionality around other things that we're doing within the business, part of that is things around what we can do to minimize the negative impact of services on overall margins.
Lynn Moore: Yes. And Joe, I think you can expect at the Investor Day in June, for us to provide a little more color, maybe in a little more detail around some of these topics, specifically the topic around differentiation in the market and what we -- why we're different and the opportunities that we have in front of us.
Lynn Moore: Yes. And just to be clear, Kirk, the -- it is customer driven, as Brian said, in the gross model, while lower margin actually produces higher free cash flow. So it's a benefit to our free cash flow.
Lynn Moore: Thanks Kevin, and thanks everybody for joining us today. If you have any further questions please feel free contract Brian Miller, or myself. Have a great day.
Brian Miller: Thanks, Lynn. Yesterday, Tyler Technologies reported its results for the first quarter ended March 31, 2023. Total revenues for the quarter were $471.9 million, up 3.5%. Organic revenue growth, which also excludes COVID-related revenues was 7.2%. Last year's first quarter included $20.6 million of revenues from COVID-related initiatives, at our Digital Solutions division, formerly NIC, all of which ended in 2022. License revenue declined 39% as our new software contract mix continued to shift to SaaS at an accelerated pace. Professional services revenue declined 13% due to completion of COVID initiatives, but rose 4.7% organically. Subscriptions revenue increased 14.3% and organically rose 16.4%. Within subscriptions, our SaaS revenues grew 24.4% to $126.6 million and transaction revenues grew 7.1% to $153.9 million. On an organic basis, which also excludes COVID-related revenues, Transaction revenues grew 13.1%. We added 145 new SaaS arrangements and converted 73 existing on-premises clients to SaaS with a total new software contract value of approximately $86 million. In Q1 of last year, we added 149 new SaaS arrangements and had 88 on-premises conversions, with the total new software contract value of approximately $76 million. Our new SaaS bookings in the first quarter added $17.1 million in new ARR. Our total ARR was approximately -- I'm sorry, $1.58 billion, up 9.1% and organically grew 11.5%. Since Q4 of last year, SaaS revenues now exceed our maintenance revenues. Operating margins in the quarter were once again pressured by the acceleration of the shift to the cloud in the new business and the related decline in license revenues. As we've previously stated, we expect operating margin to trough in 2023 and to return to a trajectory of margin expansion in 2024. As we also discussed last quarter, merchant and interchange fees from our payments business under the gross revenue model have a meaningful impact on our overall margins. In Q1, we paid merchant fees of approximately $42 million. If those fees were netted out of both revenues and cost of revenues, our consolidated non-GAAP operating margin for the quarter would have been approximately 200 basis points higher. Cash flow was robust this quarter with cash flow from operations of $74.7 million, up 39.5% and free cash flow of $63.6 million up 55.1%. As a reminder, cash flow for the balance of the year will be impacted by an estimated $131 million of cash tax payments resulting from the Section 174 tax changes, of which $73 million is related to 2022 taxes and $58 million is related to 2023 estimated taxes. We continue to strengthen our balance sheet as we repaid $120 million of floating rate term debt during the first quarter. We ended Q1 with total outstanding debt of $875 million and cash and investments of approximately $174.2 million. Our net leverage at quarter end was approximately 1.52 times trailing 12-month pro forma EBITDA. Our revenue and non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year are unchanged. Our 2023 guidance is as follows: we expect total revenues will be between $1.935 billion and $1.970 billion. The midpoint of our guidance implies organic growth of approximately 8%.  We expect GAAP diluted EPS will be between $3.65 and $3.80 and may vary significantly due to the impact of stock option activity on the GAAP effective tax rate. We expect non-GAAP diluted EPS will be between $7.50 and $7.65. Interest expense is expected to be approximately $26 million including approximately $5 million of noncash amortization of debt discounts and issuance costs. Other details of our guidance are included in our earnings release. I'd like to turn the call back over to Lynn.
Brian Miller: Sure. Around the second part of the question, I don't think we've seen the trough yet for the full year. We think the consolidated margin for the full year will be lower this year than it was last year, and our guidance implies that. I do think -- and I don't think Q2 will be the point where you'll see year-over-year margin improvement. I think by Q4, we'd expect that we would be seeing year-over-year margin improvement at that point. But not -- I don't think we've hit the trough yet. And then in terms of the overall margin, we don't give quarterly guidance, so we didn't have a quarterly margin target out there. Our earnings and revenue guidance is basically unchanged from where we started the year. So our expectations at this point are generally consistent. The first quarter did have good performance, good growth around the subscription revenues as some of those revenues are coming online from deals we've signed in prior quarters. And the pace at which those revenues hit can affect that somewhat. I think our subscription revenues were probably a bit above the -- where the Street was. But generally, our expectation for the full year margins hasn't changed.
Brian Miller: And we don't disclose the revenues for Rapid separately, but when we acquired them, they were in the kind of $14 million, $15 million annual revenue range.
Brian Miller: And on the free cash flow and I think a little bit on the bookings growth that Lynn was just mentioning. It's interesting our overall bookings growth was on an organic basis around 7%. But our subscription bookings on an organic basis were almost 24%, very close to the same number our revenue growth was. So the real strength is in the bookings, both the SaaS and the transaction bookings. On the free cash flow, yes, the $130 million, $131 million estimated incremental cash taxes this year related to Section 174 is a bit higher than we had talked about in the fourth quarter call as we've got more information and gotten into the calculations more. That impact is a little bit higher this year. I think it's $73 million of that applies to really the deposit for last year's taxes about $58 million this year. So that impact does continue to decline each year, but we have a 2-year impact or catch up in this year, but that impact should decline year-over-year until after five years, it sort of neutral. We made -- the biggest piece of that in mid-April. I think it was around $85 million. And then I think the impact is around, I think, in the $15 million range in the -- it's roughly equal in each of the last 3 quarters. On a free cash flow basis, overall, I think our free cash flow margin, excluding the Section 174 impact is, I'd say, the ranges in the kind of 18% to 20% margin range. And including the impact of the free cash flow -- I'm sorry, more in the mid-teens range and including the impact of the Section 174 change, it's kind of high single, low double-digit free cash flow margin. So the impact is pretty meaningful this year.
Brian Miller: Yes. Appraisal is certainly a much smaller piece of our business. Appraisal Services, it's an important service that we provide often to customers that we also have sold or will sell a property tax system to. But it's now well under 2% of our revenues. And so we've consolidated that line into the professional services line. And again, the focus, as you've seen from some of the things we've talked about really is around subscriptions revenue growth, the recurring revenues. And we've given some detail breaking that out between the SaaS revenues and the transaction-based revenues, which would be things like payments, our digital solutions portal, e-filing those sorts of things. In the SaaS bookings detail, you're correct, it grew sort of mid-single digits. But the -- that's really just referring to basically new logo SaaS deals. So there's additional SaaS bookings in the upsells, pricing increases, inside sales of additional products to existing customers. So the metric we really think is important is the bookings growth number for subscriptions overall, which are the transactions and SaaS revenues, and that was 23.6% this quarter.
Brian Miller: Well, I think we'd still be in the same range for the full year. I'd say we're increasingly confident of that range, and we may be trending a little bit more to the upper end of the range at this point, although it's still early in the year. But I think that yes, maybe the ramp is -- I mean I think we were still in the ballpark. We did $1.66. Last year, we did $1.76 in the first quarter, but I think that jump up into Q2 and Q3 and Q4 would be maybe a little less pronounced, but again, we're in the -- pretty much in the same range.
Brian Miller: I'll take a stab at that. I think most of it is around the lag between the time that we sign a new deal and when revenues start to hit the income statement. So when we've talked about our SaaS bookings over recent quarters and this quarter, in particular, being very strong. But there's typically a lag, whether it's a new software deal where it might be a quarter to 2 quarters maybe a little bit longer lags from the time we signed the contract to when the client is -- the environment is set up and we're able to start recognizing revenues and really the same sort of things in many of our transaction-based revenue contracts. We signed a new deal for payments, for example, and there might be perhaps a quarter or so lag between the time those revenues start to get recognized. At the same time, we see the impact of lower licenses immediately because if those were license deals, we would have recognized all that revenue or the majority of that revenue pretty much upfront when very soon after the contract is signed. So that would be the biggest factor there. And it's the same thing with flips from on-prem to the cloud. There's -- we may sign it now, but there's a period of time where that transition takes place, so we don't get the uplift in the revenues immediately.
Brian Miller: Yes. On the free cash flow, yes, that impact is really pretty much all from the catch-up of Section 174, and it's a complicated calculation that's still evolving the overhead you have to add into it and some of those things. But the impact is higher than we initially expected, particularly related to the 2022 amount. Yes, the average deal size this quarter was a bit bigger than the average deal size in the first quarter of last year. A couple of those -- half of those deals that we referred to. And we always have deals that slipped from quarter-to-quarter with the subscription model, it's less impactful. But we did have a couple of license deals that we talked about in Q4 that we referred to, not by name that did close this quarter.  We had 2 really nice license deals with the -- for our property or recording product with 2 large counties in North Carolina, Wake County and which is Raleigh and Mecklenburg County, which is Charlotte. And then we had a nice public safety deal with the Virginia State Police that closed this quarter as well. So generally, we've seen those deals that the timing shifted a bit. We've seen those come in.
Brian Miller: Yes. I think we've continued to hire new staff as well as are seeing attrition flow, which is not surprising, given some of the shifts in the broader employment markets. So as we've talked about over the last few quarters, we've added new people, new classes on the pro services side and those people are becoming billable. I think you'll see in Q2 and beyond, you'll see more of the impact of that, so we will likely see nice growth in services revenue, which will also help lead most importantly, bringing subscription revenues or SaaS revenues online at a faster pace. So I think you'll start to see that really the impact of those people becoming fully billable in Q2. And I think we're pretty well on plan with our efforts to step up to the capacity we want to have.
Brian Miller: There's not a -- there was a very small reclass, I think, of some revenues from transaction revenues to SaaS revenues. So getting those kind of in line with our current reporting, but not a significant one, but -- and that's reflected in the supplemental data.
Brian Miller: Yes. We believe the technology is meaningfully differentiated from the more horizontal payment providers. So the -- whether it's the different types of payment channels we can offer now really robust disbursement capabilities adding to the payment acquiring side and then really around the reporting, the integration to Tyler's back-end systems that makes reconciliations easier that makes the client's job easier, and it's a meaningful differentiator for us. And in fact, it enables us, in many instances, to be -- to have really solid pricing and in some cases, premium pricing because we provide additional value around that. So Rapid was a nice addition to those capabilities, but NIC already had very, very robust capabilities and continues to invest in that payments platform and enhance those. And today, we have a lot of processes underway to further integrate that payment platform into the Tyler back-end systems to create more and more of a competitive edge because of that integration.
Brian Miller: There's not really a lot of ability to pick and choose how it's accounted for. And the difference is really whether we assume the responsibility and the risk for paying those merchant fees and interchange fees, which can vary depending on the type of credit card, whether it's Amex or Visa, whether it's a business card or a personal card. And so in most cases, our clients prefer for us to handle that so that they know what their fee is. So we have a percentage of the transaction that we charge, let's call it, 2%, and we pay out the merchant fees and interchange fees, and those might be, say, 1.75% but they can vary around that number. And generally, we also get a per transaction charge as well. And so we do get a margin on the merchant fees, but it's a pretty slim margin and then we also get a transaction fee generally. In a net model, we would -- the customer has chosen to pay those merchant fees interchange fees directly. And we're just getting a -- generally a per transaction charge for the services that we provide. And in most cases, the client prefers for us to take that risk. But if we are paying those fees, then we have to do gross accounting.  So we think it's important, even though there is some margin on those that we sort of put it back to give you what that impact is on a net basis. So if you take those fees out, as we talked about, if you take those out of both revenues and expenses and just sort of leave what we keep, it would -- it's a 200 basis point overall operating margin impact on Tyler as a whole. So depending on how fast those grow relative to the rest of Tyler, that impact could be bigger or could be smaller. And that's one of the reasons why we would expect to continue to sort of give you those numbers so that you can see the impact of and how that might be trending over time.
