LynnMoore: Well, the -- I'd say one of the factors certainly is that we've increased the expectation around the amount of revenues, certainly both in this quarter and continuing on into the third quarter around the COVID-related services that NIC is providing. Those have gone on a little bit longer. We expect they'd wrap up really in the second quarter and those are continuing on into the second half of the year. So that's part of the factor around the second quarter outperforming on the revenue side, but not expecting to see that same bump in the second half of the year. Otherwise, we took up the guidance a bit. But typically, by the -- in the second quarter, we're not looking to raise numbers quite a bit until we have better visibility around the second half.
LynnMoore: That's expected to be growth accounting. We're the merchant of record there, and we'll be responsible for the merchant and interchange fees. So it's a higher revenue number, but lower margin.
LynnMoore: Yes. I mean if we're we're looking at -- we said sort of between $40 million and $60 million in revenues and the net revenue number kind of in the $5 million to $7 million range.
LynnMoore: I'd add, the American Rescue Plan, they've got until the end of 2024 to spend that. In fact, they just are getting the first half this year and the second half a year from now of those funds. So there's still a lot of allocations and determinations within these governments around how they're going to spend that money. So as we said in the prepared remarks, we really haven't seen much of an impact in terms of new deals and things that are of a significant size that are specifically tied to those funds. Most of the activity we're seeing today is more around the recovery of the -- or the resumption of some of those delayed processes and things that would have taken place in the last year otherwise.
LynnMoore: Yes. So the integration is going well. We talked about it on our -- I think it was our June update call. We've got a lot of excitement. We have -- our priorities, though, we really want to make sure that they -- we don't do anything to mess up the business. We make their plan, retain their staff, identify these initiatives, get the sales teams aligned and we're doing that. Obviously, Harry Herington, their founder, he decided to retire. One of the key things that we first had to do was establish new leadership. We've done that. Elizabeth Proudfit's now leading that division. She's been with NIC for over 20 years and been responsible for selling most of their major state enterprise contracts, including Florida. As I mentioned in my comments, we've hit the ground running. Our Tyler teams are showcasing products really 2 to 3 a week with all of their state GMs. Our payments teams have gotten together and working on Tyler technology integration plans, talking about how we can leverage NIC relationships. I guess I'd say all that stuff is -- it's active. It's going on. The excitement continues to be there. I'll echo my comments from back in June, balancing expectations. If you've been around a long time, these things take time. But the excitement is there. And we are seeing and identifying joint opportunities. It takes a while for those to come to fruition. But like I said, every time our teams meet, the excitement only continues to grow.
LynnMoore: Thanks, Scott. I'll start. And I'd say it's a little bit of both. Q2 last year was a slow year. And we talked about it in the last couple of earnings calls, about how the impact was really felt a little bit differently across different parts of our business. But what we're starting to see now is that the number of RFPs are up significantly from Q2 a year ago, up over 50%. Trade shows are returning. Our unsigned selections, which we don't talk about a lot. Those are up significantly. The number of new deals, as you pointed out, that we signed this quarter was, I think, up over 30% from a year ago. When you look at areas like where I talked about the last few quarters, where we saw a little bit more slowdown was more in our high-end financials, our Munis and our EnerGov solutions. We're certainly seeing the momentum growing there. I think Q4 was probably a low in those areas for RFPs and selections. And those are up significantly. And remember, those types of deals, they generally take about 3 quarters from RFP to close. So there will continue to be a lag as we're seeing these RFPs come up, but that's continuing other places like our lower-end financials, our in code. I think RFPs now are actually back to 2019 levels. So it's there. It's a combination of pent-up demand, but also just the market returning.
LynnMoore: It's a good question. I think it's just all part of the overall equation. I think the increase that we've seen, I talked earlier about our financial solutions, Munis and Encode. I mean our new deals there are 85%, 90% SaaS. A couple of years ago, it was more like in the 50% range. I think it's just -- I think that's just a piece of the puzzle. I don't know that there's anything specific around some of those cyber security things, but security is a big part of it. But I think it's that, coupled with COVID, coupled with just the general direction the market had been moving over the last several years.
LynnMoore: Yes, that's right, Rob. This is a Tyler contract from the get-go, and it was it really emanated from our -- the MicroPact acquisition, our Tyler Federal business. MicroPact had relationships with NIC even prior to our deal. And so it would not be unusual for them to have been in deals together. And so having them part of that is, as you say, it's a nice round out.  It also -- I think it highlights -- when we talk about a lot of these large deals, and I mentioned it in my remarks. And it really highlights the value of our acquisition strategy over the years. I mean, when you talk about -- that's a deal that -- it's our largest deal of the quarter. Well, that's our entellitrak that came from MicroPact. It includes Socrata, another recent acquisition, SceneDoc, the NIC payments. It includes our strategic alliance with AWS. It is kind of a showcase deal for the quarter. And again, I think, validates our acquisition strategy and how it plays in the market even as it may take time for us to sort of build up and get these larger contracts that really put us in a competitive position that makes it difficult for others to compete with.
LynnMoore: Yes. And Jonathan, we're also -- we're doing things to try to incentivize more remote delivery of service as well in terms of pricing and things like that. And I think we're still trying to feel it out, as Brian said. The expectation is we will not go back to pre-COVID levels. There are parts of our business that really sort of still demand on site, as Brian mentioned, public safety. But on the others, we're going to work with our clients and working in different ways to try to bring that down.
LynnMoore: Yes. So it's a couple of things. I mean those contracts that -- NIC has done an amazing job over the years. It takes them a little bit longer, but really of establishing contracts that are extremely open-ended and as we like to use the term hunting licenses. And so it allows those -- under those contracts to pursue a lot of different opportunities with a lot of different agencies and in some cases, even local jurisdictions. It allows them to push products. But more importantly, too, it also -- what they also bring is, as I just mentioned, is their deep relationships with different agencies and different higher execs at the state level, areas that where Tyler just didn't have any exposure. And so it's leveraging those relationships, leveraging Tyler's products, leveraging those open-ended contracts, really creates a whole new opportunity for Tyler that we've never seen before. An example would be we're having discussions with a particular state with some court solutions. And we're actually able to have conversations at an extremely high level at a place where Tyler traditionally just had not been able to do it. And those relationships are coming from those state contracts.  And I mentioned the state of Oregon and the State of Idaho as renewals for NIC. And what's important there is the Oregon contract, that's an extension, but that's an extension of a 10-year relationship. The Idaho contract is a 2-year extension on a 22-year relationship. So these are very deep relationships that NIC has done. Getting these renewals is something you don't take for granted, and you've got to continue to deliver value. And I think the flip side of that is what Tyler can bring is, as we continue to leverage those relationships and put more products, it will actually bring that more value to those contracts and further deepen those relationships so that those will continue to sustain and survive well into the future.
LynnMoore: Yes. So you're right. So they went with 2 providers. No, it's not a partnership. What will be chosen is by the actual citizen or business who chooses to pay. It's not unlike there are certain areas with our e-filing where there we may be the -- there may be multiple people who are providing that service even though the back end is through Tyler. We'll be marketing and doing what we can, we'll be trying to provide the best service. What's interesting, though, is that prior to this contract, they had actually -- I think they had 4 vendors, none of which were selected here. There are 3 vendors. And both of us and the other vendor were new selections by the IRS.
LynnMoore: Yes. So I think they had -- as you mentioned, a really great quarter. I think the revenue was up around 19%. And really, they really outperformed in a couple of areas. Their state enterprise transaction revenue, which includes payments and also their outdoor licensing, their recreation.gov as more and more people are getting outdoors, it's just -- it's up significantly over a year ago. Obviously, we also mentioned the COVID-related services continue to outperform even as we expect those to taper off. But yes, it's that state enterprise transaction revenue related payments, outdoor licensing and COVID.
LynnMoore: I'd say we're still in the early innings there. The expectation for me is, across our business lines, as we get into the second half of the year, we're going to start putting new clients there. We've still been over the last year, still been validating really sort of some of the costs. It's a project we call Lighthouse where we've got -- we're taking existing clients across all of our core apps and we're putting them in AWS, running them and verifying the costs and seeing -- obviously, we're doing things already to make changes to our products to make them run more efficient in AWS, but this also helps provide a road map. And I think as you see going into next year, you're going to continue to see movement of new business into AWS because the goal is to eventually move out of 2 Tyler data centers to 1. So we're going to need to start bringing that down. We'll start with new business and then we will probably start accelerating our -- we've already been accelerating our flips, but at some point, put together a more robust migration for existing. But I'd say, overall, we're still in the early innings. And I think we'd probably be in a more better position to report on that kind of progress really starting next year.
LynnMoore: I don't think there's a fundamental change in that process. And like I said, what I believe will happen over time is NIC, as I said, they've done a great job of building these relationships. These are all very long-term relationships. They got to continue to deliver value. And what I think will happen over time is that as Tyler is able to enhance that value, it will only -- I think it will only help to facilitate those renewals in the future.
BrianMiller: Yes, Pete, of their larger contracts, IRS and Texas are -- will be on a gross basis. Florida will be on a net basis when those revenues kick up starting late this year and really going into next year.
BrianMiller: Yes, Matt. I think I probably read the same general editorial yesterday about the -- some of the unspent funds from the American Rescue Plan. I don't know that -- I think what it's done is it's provided confidence. We've talked before, the reality is that the impact of budgets was a lot less severe than before. Those funds are still sitting there. Some of those funds do have some timing elements with respect to when they need to be spent. And some of that is still TBD. I think when you're seeing the more releases in RFPs, the things that we're seeing in the market, the more demos, the activity picking up. I mean, in some parts of our business really to pre-COVID levels, some just almost getting back to pre-COVID levels. I think a function of that, too, is just the general sentiment and mood out there. I think the American Rescue Plan provides that confidence. We're also, as you know, most of our clients are now in a new budget year. And I think with those expectations for more funding, they saw the real impact to their budgets from last year were not as severe. And I think just -- I think some of that's coming back. And I think you've just also highlight what we've talked about throughout the last 1.5 years is that the demand for what we do doesn't go away. It's going to be pent-up. And so we're starting to see that. So at a high level, that's what I'd say. And on the delays on the infrastructure bill, I don't know that that's really going to have much of an impact on what we see in terms of bids and RFPs in our day-to-day business.
BrianMiller: And on the NIC COVID-related revenues, yes, that increase in our estimate of what those revenues will be for the year and the increase in what was actually recorded in the second quarter is -- was added to NIC's revenue. So that's incremental to our estimates that we previously had for their full year revenues. Unfortunately, with some of the resurgence of COVID and the Delta variant, there's more of a need for testing for a longer period with some of our clients than we had previously expected. And some of those agreements have been extended beyond when we expected that they would roll off. We still expect that they will taper down in the third quarter and pretty minimal revenues from those in the fourth quarter.
BrianMiller: This was a pretty good margin, the largest quarter we've ever had for flips or customers moving or existing customers moving from on-premises to the cloud as well. And that's one of the factors, I think. Not the sole factor, but a factor in that desire of customers to move to our cloud solution.
BrianMiller: Yes. The second half of the year, obviously, will include -- we only had a partial quarter of NIC. So obviously, we grow in the second half from that. But I'd say, generally, we would expect -- and also with the trailing off of the NIC COVID-related revenues in Q4, I think we'll see both of those quarters above, obviously, the second quarter level. But the third quarter will likely be our highest revenue quarter and a bit of a drop-off from Q3 to Q4 as the COVID business rolls off. So Q3 is likely to being the highest quarter in terms of both revenues and EPS. So there's a little bit different. Generally, our fourth quarter is the highest, but there's somewhat of an anomaly there.
BrianMiller: No, that's a good point, Rob. And you're right. We talk a lot about payments, primarily because that was a big strategic initiative for Tyler before we even started talking with NIC. And what's interesting there is just how our -- as our teams get together, how complementary our products are and how the things that was on Tyler's development road map were things that really NIC had already not just done but perfected and things that Tyler had already had with their systems or things that NIC needed to do. But you're right, beyond payments, we talk about that a lot. But one of the things that makes us really excited is the ability to sell Tyler products through those state contracts and really leverage those NIC relationships. I mean, they've got very deep relationships at the highest levels of state government areas where really Tyler just didn't have access. And I'm talking about governors and senior decision makers. And you get in front of those people and we're able to get in front of those people and try to talk to them about what are you guys trying to get done, what policies are you pursuing, and whether it's economic development or HHS or prison reform or whatever it is, and we've got the solutions to do it. And that's really the crux of what we're doing with these weekly showcases with Tyler products. We have to educate all of these state -- the state GMs and the entire NIC executive team as to what our portfolio is really all about and how we can leverage that. And I don't want to minimize that because we talk a lot about payments, but that is something that we see as significant upside.
BrianMiller: Yes. I don't have the number in front of me for billable travel. It's not significant. It's still well under what we typically did, which was about $5 million a quarter pre-COVID. It's probably on the order of 20% of that has come back. But it's come back a little sooner than we expected, just as we're starting to see employees coming back to the offices. Our customers are starting to want to see our salespeople and our implementation people in some instances back on site, and we still expect that we'll continue in most cases to deliver the majority of our implementation services remotely. There is a desire in an increasing number of customers to see people back on site. And so that's picked up even a little bit sooner than we expected. But certainly, well under half of what it was pre-COVID. Public safety is probably one of those areas because the -- our clients never went home. The first responders and -- those agencies continue to work, and so they're ready to have us back on site as well. So we're seeing a bit of that come back, but still well under the pre-COVID levels.
BrianMiller: Yes, that was about $55 million, how much the reduction from the liability we had on the books for funds payable to clients, how much that went down from the time of acquisition to the end of the quarter. So pretty significant impact. That's just money that's passing through. So over the course of a longer period of time, that impact is 0. It comes in and goes out. But just the timing of it relative to what was on their balance sheet at the time of the acquisition and paid shortly afterwards, ran through our cash flow statement to the tune of about $55 million.
