Lynn Moore: Thanks,s Hala. Our fourth quarter results marked a solid finish to an eventful year as public sector demand remained strong and SaaS adaption continues at an accelerated pace. Total revenues grew 4.3%, with organic growth excluding COVID related revenues of approximately 6% and organic revenue growth for full year was solid at approximately 8.2%. Recurring revenues comprised nearly 83% of our quarterly revenues. On an organic basis, subscription revenue grew 14.3%, reflecting both our accelerating shift to the cloud and growth and transaction-based revenues. Most importantly, SaaS revenues included in subscriptions grew 19.3%. We achieved solid revenue growth even as the shift in new software contract mix continue to accelerate to SaaS from licenses. In Q4, 86%, of our new software contract value was SaaS compared to 77% in Q4 last year. In our digital solutions division, which is formerly known as NIC, we continue to execute on cross-selling opportunities. And in Q4, we signed a significant new contract with the Kansas Department of Revenue to provide our Data and Insights Assessment Connect Solution, which will work with our Enterprise Assessment solution used statewide in Kansas. We also signed sell-through deals for our recreation dynamic solution with Utah division of outdoor recreation and the Mississippi Department of Wildlife, Fisheries and parks. Our Digital Solutions division also signed notable SaaS software agreements with the state of Nevada and the Alabama Alcohol Beverage Control Board. We also signed a payments processing contract with the Wisconsin Department of Motor Vehicles, which is our first payments opportunity in Wisconsin. Finally, our Digital Solutions division won a competitive rebid for our master enterprise contract with the state of Colorado’s Statewide Internet Portal Authority Board, as well as an extension of our master enterprise contract with the state of Oklahoma. In other Tyler divisions, we signed seven additional significant SaaS deals, each for different product suites and each with a total contract value greater than $2 million. Those include contracts with the Cypress Fairbanks Independent School District in Texas for our student transportation solution; the cities of Prosper Texas and Glendora, California for our enterprise ERP and enterprise permitting and licensing solutions; the Placer County Water Agency in California, and the City of Helena, Montana for our enterprise ERP solution; the City of Albuquerque, New Mexico for enterprise permitting licensing solution; and Lucas County, Ohio for our enterprise justice solution. In addition to those deals, we signed 12 SaaS deals in the quarter, with contract values between $1 million and $2 million each. In the fourth quarter, we signed 153 new payments deals worth more than $4.7 million in estimated annual recurring revenue across Tyler divisions, other than digital solutions. The largest of those was an agreement to provide payment processing for the City of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, was estimated annual revenues of more than $1.2 million. For the full year 2022, we signed 571 new payments deals, with more than $13 million in annual recurring revenue, many of which we were able to pursue because of the new capabilities that came to us with NIC. More than 80% of those were sold to existing Tyler software clients. New payments only agreements typically have a lag of three to six months between signing and revenue generation. While payments agreements that are embedded in a broader solution, such as new ERP sale, may have a period of 6 to 18 months from signing to revenue generation.  In our justice group, we signed two notable multi suite license deals in the quarter for enterprise public safety, enforcement mobile and data insight solutions with Stearns County, Minnesota and Richland County, Ohio. We also signed two significant license contracts for our Enterprise Justice Solution with Midland County, Texas and Kankakee County, Illinois, which also include our Enterprise Solution - Supervision solution. Now, I’d like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and our annual guidance for ‘23.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I think just to amplify on that we’ve talked over the last couple of years we’re about three or four years or so into this cloud transition. And we’ve talked about sort of the two pieces of it, the getting dealer side on the revenue side, and then sort of getting the other side on the cost and expense side. And as Brian mentioned, on the revenue side, we’re seeing that sort of inflection point it’s going to take place, probably later this year. And last couple of years, the last licenses has been a significant impact. And our internal models are now showing that really the new flips, the gains from flip as well as the SaaS business over the last couple of years, is going to later this year, sort of past that point of where we lost licenses. Remember, back in 2019, we did just over $100 million in licenses. So it’s a significant change that we’ve been running through the financials. And then when you look on the cost side each years go by, as these, as time goes by, we’re getting better and better visibility where we are making progress on optimizing our products. We’re making more progress on our plans to exit our proprietary data centers. We’re getting better data on how our products are actually operating within the public cloud. And so a lot of that stuff gives us that confidence that 2023 is that margin trough. As we look out farther there’s other things that we’re doing as well. We have a lot of internal initiatives around efficiencies, things like consolidating just some of our internal IT. We have other sort of satellite data centers that we’re looking to collapse, as well as things like looking at real estate and stuff like that. So there’s a lot of initiatives around that, which I think give us that confidence when we talk about ‘23 being sort of the margin trough.
Lynn Moore: I think the answer is probably similar to what we’ve said in the past. I would say, as I look at our clients budgets, they’re generally very healthy. As I’ve mentioned, before, they were not as impacted by COVID, as people thought. They are having access to federal funds. Some of it, Brian, the timetables of one that they still have a couple of years, I think it’s been there. So we’re just generally seeing healthy budgets, healthy buying seasons, sort of just a really good, robust market. In terms of identifying specific deals there are occasions for that. But I think really, what it does is it’s more about just overall confidence in our clients being willing to spend money. 
Lynn Moore: Yes. Sure. Robin. I think you’re right. I flipped actually, I think there are quite a bit year-over-year. I think this year, we did about 336 flips. Last year, we did about 239 flips give or take. So roughly 40%. I see flips being a significant driver of revenue growth over the next five to seven years. I see them continuing to grow at a healthy pace. And I don’t really, I’m not in a position to tell you that we’re going to grow North of 15%, 20% each year, but we have a wide and deep customer base, that has become a priority, and we’re prioritizing our flips internally.
Lynn Moore: Yes. Sure Pete. On the public safety side, it is typically a little bit larger quarter. we don’t typically talk about deals that we’ve awarded, but not signed. I will say that we had a couple of deals that were of significance that that pushed for the quarter. We are continuing to see more and more acceptance on the public safety side to the SaaS model and to subscriptions. And I think we’re going to continue to see that going forward. It’s part of our actual in our budget process. If you look generally across Tyler, I think for next year on a sort of an overall weighted value average, we’re expecting north of 90%, 91% of deals next year to be in SaaS with a significant increase on the public safety side, still less than half on the public safety side. But it is something that we’re doing some modeling and some things that we’re trying to do to sort of push that model with our clients.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I’ll start and varnish probably got better numbers. NIC which in our digital solutions division, I would say the overwhelming majority of their payments business was on a gross basis. I would say on the Tyler side beforehand, more of it’s been on the net basis. That’s actually not a lever that we fully control. It’s generally controlled by the customer and whether or not the customer is wants to take the risk and on the interchange fees or if not, there’s a number of factors that go into there. But as of right now, a substantial part of Tyler’s overall business is on the gross model because of NIC and more NIC was how mature and vast that business was. We’ve got the number for merchant fees that we passed through last year was about I think, on the NIC side was about $142 million. And maybe just a handful of $3 million, $4 million, $5 million on the Tyler side. And looking at it next year I think NIC side is probably more around 145-ish million again with the same few million more on top from Tyler. 
Lynn Moore: I’d say there’s two things around timing one is, just as Brian mentioned, yes in the old days, when you sign an on-prem license, you recognize the entire license upfront. On a SaaS deal, particularly when we’re doing multi suite, multi module deals, they’re generally going to start paying those when those particular modules or pieces go live. So you’ve got to delay from the time you sign to where you get first parts of the customer up live. But as you continue that implementation and other pieces go live, then you will get that build up. I say the other side is when you look at flips there’s things around flips that while long term, obviously provide really great long term value and the short term sometimes we’re providing some services, perhaps that discount or no charge. There also might be some concessions depending on how long the customer has had their license and where they sit. And so to sort of incentivize the flip, there’s sometimes some sort of upfront concession, which can then create another lag factor before you get the full value of that flip.
Lynn Moore: Yes, my expectation is that at least one of those larger deals is on track to close in Q1. As it relates to Tyler federal. I think you’re right. I mean, things that I’m seeing that’s coming out of that that division, in terms of sales indicators, the pipeline, the volume of deals is up significantly since year-over-year. We’re also seeing interesting going up more and more movement in the federal side to SaaS, which is good to see. It’s something that we put an internal focus on in the last two years. And we’re starting to see more of that receptiveness there. So I think there’s positive things coming out of the federal space. And I like our position there right now.
Lynn Moore: As we have our inside sales focusing on that existing customer base. When you look at areas like our enterprise side, whether it’s enterprise ERP we’re including payments in all new responses, all new deal responses, that doesn’t mean they’re out there getting an every new deal, but we are pushing payments in all of our new deals.
Lynn Moore: Yes, I’d say, David if you go back 12 months ago, we were still experiencing really pretty high elevated turnover, still lower than industry, but higher than our norms, which, as you know, was all companies we’re dealing with. As we progress throughout the year, things started, I think there’s I talk a lot about the pendulum and the labor market pendulum is another one that I talked about. And it’s definitely started to swing back as we fell back into sort of November, December, I would say our turnover has actually come back down to sort of pre-COVID levels. Still early to see if that’s where it stays. But I like words, it’s I like that trend. As it relates to things like that Brian mentioned our services and implementation. That was an area that was hit particularly hard over the last couple years, and we’ve won a lot of business. We do have to do some hiring to ramp up to deliver on that business. And we’re doing that. It’s also creates a little bit of margin pressure in the near term. Because when we hire large classes of implementers, it normally takes four or five, six months before we get them out billable on the road.
Lynn Moore: Great. Thanks, everybody for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller or myself. Have a great day everybody.
Brian Miller: Yes. I think it’s still a little early for us to give much color around sort of how we see that trajectory playing out in 2024 and over the midterms over the next five to seven years. As we mentioned in the prepared remarks, we expect to have an Investor Day around mid-year and provide more detail on that, but we’re still refining those models. So not really able to give a lot of color around that. As we’ve talked about some of the factors that give us confidence that we do return to margin expansion in 2024, particularly around the wind down of some of the bubble costs as we exit our first data center. We think that this year, actually, we sort of reached that inflection point where the impact of declines in licenses are offset by the current stream of recurring revenues from subscriptions. I think in terms of the factors that could make that go faster or slower certainly one of those is the speed at which our payments business grows. And Lynn talked a little bit about the impact that has on our blended margins. But on the software side, I think that the trajectory around the speed of the flips from our on-premise customers will have an impact on that. Some of the other efficiency gains and product optimizations as we wrap those up the ability to improve lower hosting costs, I think the speed at which those work their way into the model will also be a factor in how that trajectory, how fast that trajectory plays out. 
Brian Miller: Yes, I’d say probably the two biggest factors, there were one that licenses declined pretty significantly. And we’ve talked about that expectation, kind of going into 2023 but Q4 had a bit of a deeper decline from the mix of new business. So licenses were relatively low number. And, again, most of that is a shift in the mix as opposed to less new business. We did as we typically have with our more license heavy products and public safety and platform technologies some slippage out of the quarter in terms of timing, but that’s pretty typical. So I’d say that the lower licenses were the big factor. And then probably the other factor is the higher R&D expense that we mentioned were some expenses that we had expected to be capitalized were actually expense because of the nature of the development efforts. And so that impacted our margins as well.
Brian Miller: Yes. So yes, for the full year, the difference in the capitalize versus expensed R&D versus our expectation was close to $9 million. We gave guidance for R&D for next year, in the range of $108 million to $110 million that’s expensed and our capitalized R&D in 2023 is expected to be in the high 30s, say around $37 million. So capitalization is a little bit higher, but R&D expense is higher in 2023. If you look at the sort of the midpoint of our guidance, it implies I’d say somewhere between 60 and 100 basis points of operating margin compression in total and we mentioned that the bubble costs are estimated to be about 130 basis points of impact on 2023 margins. 
Brian Miller: New bubble costs. So and that’s higher than the impact was in 2022. We talked about those as being a little less than 100 basis points of impact and that’s to be expected, because we continue to move more customers into the public cloud and while we still operating our two data centers and so the duplicate costs expand this year, and we’ve talked about an expectation in the first half of 2024 that will be out of the first data centers and that’ll start to mitigate.
Brian Miller: Yes, I think one of the bigger factors around backlog I think backlog is probably becomes maybe a little less meaningful or less of a full picture when you look at it is really around how the accounting drives what goes into backlog and what doesn’t. So transaction revenues don’t sit in the backlog. So as we add new payments or new portal revenues, those typically are under fixed arrangements so even though they may be highly predictable and recurring. So there typically wouldn’t be an addition to backlog for those.  And then we’ve talked in the past as well about sometimes the terms of a contract agreement dictate how much goes into backlog. So for example, a termination for convenience provision can significantly limit that we saw that with a really large contract last quarter. That was a 50 plus million dollar contract that only $8 million went into backlog because that’s a termination for convenience provision. So I think there’s a lot of factors that start to make the backlog number maybe less of an important metric to look at how we expect to perform going forward. 
Brian Miller: Yes, and this quarter, we did not have any individual contracts that were more than $5 million in total contract values. We had a couple in the $4 million range on the software side. We did have a competitive rebid when, with our state enterprise agreement in Colorado, which is one of our bigger states. And certainly the total value of that contract over the five year term is well above $5 million. But on the software side, no individual deals more than 5 million. So it was more of a high volume sort of more mid range deals this quarter. 
Brian Miller: Yes, and actually on the payment deal, that there really wouldn’t be anything that in the bookings number, only the actual revenues as they come through in a given quarter basically run through bookings and revenue at the same time. So for payments, we don’t include it again, because they’re not a fixed amount. We don’t include those in bookings or in backlog. But those payments deals for the full year we estimate that they’ll add more than $13 million in annual recurring revenues. And there’s a mixture of contracts there that are either gross or net processing through our platform and still some deals that are through our reseller arrangements where we have a revenue sharing arrangement. So the revenues are lower but the margins are higher on those. 
Brian Miller: Well. We expect, clearly we expect the subscription booking and subscription ARR will accelerate from 2022 and 2023, both on the transaction side and the SaaS software side. Part of that, again, the change in the mix accelerating in a more significant decline in licenses this year with that being replaced by new subscription arrangements. I think the question about just the new subscription ARR again, that number really just relates to new software deals. And as you said, there weren’t any mega deals in this quarter. But a good volume of sort of midsized deals. I think more that’s just around the timing. We’ve said that the pipeline continues to be very strong. RFP activity remains generally stable at pretty elevated levels of the market activity supports that expectation that we’ll continue to see an accelerating rate of new software ARR. 
Brian Miller: Yes, I think, generally, we would expect that and we talked about what are our capitalization, our CapEx, both software and non-software CapEx is for 2023. That’s a bit higher. And some of that’s related to software CapEx and some of that’s related to facilities investments that we’re making in a couple of particular locations as expected in ‘24, that that CapEx would decline. In general, I think our cash flow margin would grow in line with a faster than our operating margin. Once that CapEx starts to normalize. The impact of the Section 174, which is still a bit unclear, will be significant on cash flow in 2023. Because if it stands, if it’s not repealed, and we’re not the first company or the first software company to talk about this, you’re starting to see more of it. I know Microsoft talked about a more than billion dollar impact on their taxes. But if it stands and isn’t repealed or delayed, that our cash tax payments will be significantly higher this year because we’ll have the impact of both sort of catching up the 2022 taxes under that assumption and making cash tax payments related to 2023. So it could be in the 100 million dollar range of additional cash taxes this year, which would really, as I said, the two years impact, roughly $50 million related to 2022 and 50, related to 2023 in round numbers. So we’ll see how that plays out. But that’s sort of the current expectation. And given the way that tax change works, it will impact cash taxes for five years until it normalizes and you’re putting on the same amount that you’re amortizing.
Brian Miller: Gabri, I don’t. Right now, procurement cycles are pretty normal. They’re going in line with our clients budgets are healthy. And we’re not really seeing delayed procurement cycles right now. Again, from our perspective, the market is relatively healthy, their budgets are healthy, and our competitive position remains strong. So we’re seeing a pretty normal, really above normal market.
Brian Miller: I’ll take, I’ll start on that and Lynn can add to that. We do think that in our space, that the shift to the cloud and our cloud strategy gives us a competitive advantage. As you know, we compete across products with different competitors, and generally in each of our products suite. And those range from some very large companies to a lot of smaller, more niche e-companies. And we think that where we are in the cloud transition, is well in advance of where a lot of our competitors are. And as that desire, on our client base to move to the cloud accelerates that gives us an advantage and an ability to increase our share because of where we are in our cloud transition. And then, as we’ve talked about in the past, our connected communities vision, and the fact that we have this broad suite of products that work increasingly well together, continues to provide us with a competitive advantage there in clients that are looking for a sweet solution. And we think that this could be one of our strengths.
Brian Miller: I don’t know that. I have a lot to add to that. It clearly is the vast majority. We did mention that a couple of our date enterprise agreements that digital solutions are shifting in 2023 to net from gross and that’s got about a $2.5 million impact. But as Lynn said, we don’t really fully control that. And so I would expect that still going forward, the majority of the business comes to us through the gross model where we’re paying the merchant fees which is why we wanted to sort of give you the apples to apples comparison of the margin impact of a couple of 100 basis points, if all of those net ones were on the gross model, and you took the merchant fees out of the revenue side. So I would say that as more Tyler customers that have traditionally been on a sort of a reseller with third party payment processors, where we get a revenue share, which is a net accounting, as more of those overtime migrate to our proprietary platform, we could have a shift with from those customers that are currently on a net basis moving to a gross basis with Tyler. The net result is we keep more of the transaction. So we make more money. We’d have higher revenues, but it would have a negative impact on margins. And we’ll attempt at our investor day to provide more color on how those work and how we see that playing out. Because clearly significant growth in the payments business is an objective of ours and something that we’re having a lot of success with and expect to continue to.
Brian Miller: Yes, I think it was generally in line with our expectation. I don’t know that it was significantly varied from plan. I guess one other factor that plays into that is the lag between when we sign a SaaS deal and when we start to recognize revenues. And that can vary, but it can be typically the implementations are quicker or the time from signing to starting to recognize revenues is quicker on a SaaS deal than on an on-prem deal. But that can vary and that can typically be, say six months that can be longer. And so I think when I talk about timing, it’s more around the difference between when we signed something and when we’re starting to recognize revenues.
Brian Miller: Yes, Jonathan, I mean, cross selling is one of our major mid to long term growth drivers. It’s something we’re talking about internally, as you look out over the next seven, eight years to about Tyler 2030. And things that can, quote, really move the needle. It’s these things like flips, its payments, it’s cross selling, it’s also a lot of other things that we do really well. And we’ve talked about areas of our business like supervision, where the where the market is good, where the TAM is good, and where we’re making really big gains there. But cross selling is something that we’re prioritizing across all of Tyler, where we’ve actually started some new sort of strategic account management approach within NIC and bringing other resources, getting even further exposure to our sales channels, our sales leads. There are things that we will be working on in terms of internally around how we recognize revenue from cross sells, and how we incentivize things and structurally internally, things that we need to sort of clear out some of those barriers to sort of unleash that power even more. We’re pretty excited about it. I mean we had probably this past quarter, probably one of the best stories we’ve had in a long time in terms of both cross selling and sort of connected communities which was the Kansas Department of Revenue story that I mentioned in my opening remarks. This was a deal where this deal took place because of our DNI solution around assessments, and the fact that we had such a broad footprint and presence within the state of Kansas from our enterprise assessment. But it also didn’t happen without NIC and their contacts at the state and utilizing that state master contract. So that was three different pieces of our organization coming together to create a really great result and something that I think we can replicate across other states that deals a $600,000, AAR deal, really an ideal, but really took the efforts of multiple divisions to do that. And I think that’s sort of an example of what we’re looking to do in the future. 
Brian Miller: Yes, I think so. We certainly expect a bigger decline in licensed revenues this year. Licenses are always the most, or the least predictable of our revenue streams at least in the short term. And so now with well into the 80s, is the percentage of our revenues that are recurring. There’s much less, a much higher level of predictability. So I think we’re definitely kind of around that corner. And in that there should be an increasingly higher level of confidence around our outlooks versus what we actually where results come in.
Brian Miller: Yes, I think the growth rate on payments is going to be above Tyler’s overall growth rate is going to be a positive contributor. And I expect that, in general, that will be accelerating from 2022 both from adding new customers through the cross sell motion, which we talked about, we’ve integrated our payments teams. We’ve really got the go to market strategy down and now we’re starting to execute on it. Whether it’s using the expanded capabilities around that NICs platform brought us to drive that business down into the local level, continuing to have a focus on penetrating more of our customer base with payments, either with our product form or partner platforms, driving more adoption into the customer base. And then the addition of rapid so giving us capabilities on the disbursement side. And we’ve got some really interesting opportunities around that and think that’s going to be a nice growth driver. So I’d say we generally expect the payments business to grow faster than sort of Tyler’s top line revenues at least in 2023. 
Brian Miller: Yes, the guidance for 2023 of $37 million in capitalized software development encompasses how we expect those projects to be accounted for. So that’s reflect, the impact of that change is reflected there as well as other capitalized development projects that are either starting or ramping up during the year. So that’s fully encompassed there. But the change in expensing versus capitalizing for the full year of 2022 had about a $9 million impact versus what our initial guidance for capitalized software and R&D was.
Brian Miller: Well, it impacted the full year, but most of that impact was seen in the Q4 results. So that resulted in a much lower number in Q4 versus the rest of the year. 
Brian Miller: I’d say the majority of that number, although not the majority of the dollars, but the majority of the number would be certainly new payments for most of this customer. So a lot of those are existing Tyler customers where we’re adding payments to a utility billing system or a licensing and permitting system. So we may be adding capabilities. they may have only taken checks before and now we’re providing online payment capabilities or credit card payments. And a number of those are still under rev share agreements. So the revenue generated is on an individual payment opportunity may be relatively small, but at good margins. But some of the more significant wins are competitive wins, like we mentioned the City of Milwaukee. That’s a full enterprise payment processing contract. And we’re replacing another vendor there. So I’d say the larger wins tend to be competitive ones, the smaller ones tend to be more first time payments. 
