John Marr: Okay. Our first quarter performance provided a strong start to 2016 with total revenue growth of 33%. Organic revenue growth was 14%, and the acquisitions of New World and Brazos contributed 18% and 1% over our growth, respectively. Continued strong growth in our cloud-based software as a service revenues as well as increased e-filing revenues from courts led to 35% growth in our recurring revenues from subscriptions, of which 31% was organic. Bookings for the quarter rose 21% based on non-GAAP revenues, and our backlog rose 17%. Excluding appraisal services, bookings were up 37%. Q1 was another very strong quarter for SaaS contract signings, with total contract value of $28.5 million. Our largest new contract signed in the first quarter was a seven year SaaS arrangement valued at approximately $5 million with the city of Milwaukee, Wisconsin, of the Munis tax solution. We also signed significant SaaS contracts for our Munis ERP solution with Frederick County Public Schools in Virginia, Alvin Independent School District in Texas, Racine County, Wisconsin, Cecil County School District in Maryland, and Naugatuck, Connecticut. Notable on premises agreements for our Munis ERP solution included Sunrise, Florida, which was also included in our - which also included our EnerGov solutions, Washtenaw County, Michigan, Waynesboro, Virginia, Spotsylvania County schools in Virginia, and Deschutes County, Oregon. For our New World ERP solution, we signed license agreements with La Crosse County, Wisconsin, New Prairie United School Corporation in Indiana, and St. George Fire Protection District in Louisiana. For our New World public safety solution, we signed significant license agreements with Washington Parish Sheriff's Office in Louisiana and Greene County, Pennsylvania. Significant contracts for our EnerGov solutions included the City of Pasadena and San Luis Obispo County, both in California. We signed a notable SaaS contract for our Odyssey contract solution with Hill County, Texas. Finally, for our IAS World appraisal and tax solution, we signed notable license arrangements with Baldwin County, George, and Rowan County, North Carolina. During the quarter, we continued to make good progress on integrating New World's products and operations into Tyler, and those efforts are generally progressing in line with our plans. It's now been a little over five months since the acquisition closed, and our early observations regarding the quality of New World's people and products and their fit with Tyler have only been reinforced since then. New World is on track to contribute to Tyler's 2016 results in line with the guidance that we communicated in February, with expected non-GAAP revenues of approximately $124 million. During the first quarter, we also amended our Dynamics arrangement with Microsoft. Our resource commitment now runs through March 1, 2018, but the emphasis is moving away from development and towards sales. Our R&D resource commitment has been significantly reduced, and we also have committed new sales resources to Dynamics with a focus on helping them develop public sector partner channels. We will continue to receive royalties on public sector sales of Dynamics through 2034, and our total annual expense related to Dynamics will be about half of our previous spend. Now I'd like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and update our annual guidance for 2016.
John Marr: Thanks, Brian. Our market remains very active, and our competitive position in the market continues to be very strong across all our product lines. The pipeline is at historically high levels, local government budgets are generally healthy, and we are not seeing signs of weakness in our space. As we noted earlier, we have modestly raised the lower end of our earnings guidance, reflecting our confidence in our outlook for the year. At this point, New World's operations remain on track to deliver the revenue and earnings contribution that we expected at the beginning of the year. Our balance sheet remains very strong, and our cash flow in Q1 was exceptionally high. We used our cash flow and credit facility to aggressively repurchase our common stock during the quarter, buying almost 2% of our outstanding shares at an average price of just under $125 per share. We currently have 643,000 shares remaining on our repurchase authorization. We're pleased with our progress on the integration of New World's products and operations. I was at the New World Public Safety User's Conference in Phoenix earlier this week, with almost 750 clients attending. There was a high level of enthusiasm around the combination of Tyler and New World with both our employees and clients. Also this week, we launched the Tyler Alliance Initiative to provide a platform through which Tyler clients can share data and communicate more efficiently across jurisdictions to help create safer communities. Tyler Alliance is a component of our strategy to bring more closely together Tyler's public safety and justice solutions, with a goal of providing a unique end-to-end solution from dispatch to disposition. Finally, we're looking forward to hosting 3,000 Tyler clients at Connect 2016, our annual user conference, held May 1st through the 4th in Phoenix. At the conference, we will also host investors and analysts at a session on Monday, May 2, from 10:45 to 12:45 Phoenix time, which is Mountain Standard Time. If you're interested in attending Connect, please contact Brian Miller for more information. A live and archived webcast of the investor session at the - and the accompanying slide deck will also be available at the Investor Relations section of our website. Now, Gail, we'll take questions.
John Marr: Well, in general, as we said, the bookings and backlog, I think, were pretty strong, probably within a range that someone would expect, in line with our overall growth. Obviously, that is just kind of one piece of the puzzle. Unsigned awards, decisions that are approaching the final stages and our position in those, and the longer-term pipeline are favorable, so as we indicated, the market in general in our view is towards the higher end of historical levels, so that's a good thing. We see it being very healthy. More specifically, in terms of the two you've mentioned, there are a couple of, I guess, meaningful or what will be notable deals in the Dynamics pipeline. Now, there aren't dozens, but there are a couple of those, so we would expect deals that would be worth mentioning specifically as we go through the year and as they work their way through the process. So there's a reasonable amount of activity there, but as it's been, it's not explosive. New World had a number of new public safety deals and a few financial deals in the first quarter, so they continue to go through that. I think the message has been well received. I was part of delivering that on Monday in Phoenix to the public safety group and many clients approached me and other people that participated and said they heard what they wanted to hear, they're excited about it and they look forward to the progress of the different systems. Their overall pipeline, so specifically the overall pipeline in public safety, I would say is not at historically high levels. I don't have as much experience in that space, but according to the New World folks, it's kind of a reasonable market but not particularly hot at the time. They see that picking up a little momentum later in the year.
John Marr: Okay, so the answer to the question from me is no, we haven't seen any deals pulled back or timing delayed or any impact. Generally, the public sector budgets are pretty strong, the activity is good and no, we haven't seen any specific impact from energy related changes.
John Marr: Yes, so we work closely with the Microsoft folks. I think the initial major development of extending the product for the public sector as well as streamlining of commercial features and functions that the public sector doesn't need, that major build is largely complete, so I think our strategic value we've all seen as shifting. They don't require that kind of resource complement on the R&D side so we'll play a more limited role there.  As we evaluate where we can add value to the relationship, we all feel that that's now on the sales side. Just like the product is different for the vertical and we've been through that development process, the whole market itself the way it behaves the procurement processes, that's different as well and obviously just like we have those subject matter experts at Tyler on the dev side, we have it in the sales channel as well, so using some of our people to assist their partners in building those channels is really where we're focused. And obviously, they're selling through partners and they're not typically software companies, they're typically integrators and they're professional service organizations and they're not typically as strong on the sales and marketing side as a software company like us that's exclusively focused on that space, so we're involved in helping those partners develop their public safety practice. We participate in demonstrations, we participate in proposal generation and basically get them up to speed on working in those spaces. And probably like the dev side eventually they'll be able to work more independently, but right now I think there's a lot of value that Tyler can bring to that process. In terms of expectations and where we are in relation to that, yes I think it's lighter than either of the parties expected initially. As I indicated there are some exciting deals out there. They're not game changers, but certainly meaningful deals where the product, the integrators and our support have competed favorably against the rest of the market, and we'll continue to execute in those opportunities and build
John Marr: It would be low. Obviously - and again, is it names or dollars, because Texas is one name but big dollars, but maybe it's somewhere around a third at this point. I see some of the research you guys are publishing that talk about new names, and there will be some new names, obviously, as the year rolls through, but a lot of the growth on the Odyssey side will be back into the base, other products, an integrated criminal justice system rather than maybe just a case management system if it was started that way, other case types, and obviously the big one is building out the e-file. So we have agreements and understandings with many of our clients that that is a big part of what they want to accomplish in their relationship with us, but it's relatively low in terms of those that are fully implemented and the revenue run rates are up where they would be in a fully implemented system.
John Marr: Nothing meaningful, obviously, there's always deals moving around from a timing standpoint, but, no, nothing really meaningful.
John Marr: Maybe is the answer. We do see in probably this quarter, in the deals that are far enough along to know, whether or not we're likely to be selected and which type of deployment they'll choose. It does remain elevated, but whether or not that's a trend and a permanent uptick, it's probably still a little early to say, but no question, in Q1 it was higher, and we do have some visibility on it remaining higher in the next quarter or two, let's say.
John Marr: I don't think particularly across products. I think it's more a progression that when we first started doing SaaS hosted deals 13 or 14 years ago, they were all three-year initial terms, and now I'd say the standard would be five and certainly a lot of sevens and some as long as ten years, so I think it's a combination of the market or our market becoming more comfortable with the SaaS offering in general and our history and reputation in providing that, that customers are they expect to use these systems for a very long time, and they're comfortable committing to a longer term upfront. I don't think it varies a lot by product.
John Marr: They do seem to have stronger activity late in the year, but no, I don't think this is a function of this acquisition, this is an observation of the market in general and that the activity in the market in general at this point in time by historical standards, seems marginally light. It's nothing I'd read into too dramatically, but it's just not a particularly fat pipeline at this point in time. They see names coming into the pipeline later in the year, so there isn't a real concern about the activity long term. But just the snapshot at this point in time, which will impact the deal flow over the next couple of quarters, isn't all that robust.  Quite frankly, that can work well for us. I think the message has been well received. I think the vision that Tyler has for a fully integrated criminal justice system is easy to understand and clearly makes sense and adds incremental value to what's existed in the marketplace but, I think it's a good thing that we're able to refine that message and actually deliver certain things that are encouraging about what we're trying to achieve there and be in a stronger competitive position as the deal flow picks up again, so that's what we're busy doing right now.
John Marr: We don't expect and didn't experience a tremendous amount of new client activity there. I think that largely the big wave of people that had to do things following the change in direction out there has occurred. As I indicated earlier, there is a lot of opportunity expanding those relationships too. If they started on a narrow footprint in terms of case types and applications expanding it to include a more integrated criminal justice system and other case types, so that's the plan. In terms of e-filing, some of them - there is a little bit of e-filing going on actively right now. A number have contracts with us and are in the process to bring that up and online, but regardless of the contractual relationship, it's our expectation that the vast majority of those counties have every intention of doing e-filing after they bring their case management systems online.
John Marr: I would think it's as much as a three or four year process and that you'll see progress throughout that period of time, that quarter-by-quarter and year-by-year, more and more clients and more and more volume will go through there, so it'll be a gradual build.
John Marr: The sales team, I think our capacity has been strong, and it is - we don't add that many heads. Really, we don't have much turnover at all and I think that the individual people there, their abilities to manage high levels of business develops as the Company grows, so it's actually surprising to me the request for heads is low relative to the growth. So I think there's a lot of capacity in the sales and you won't see significant jumps in headcount there even as the business grows. Our ability to handle the New World business, there may be an assumption there that's not correct. So Tyler's existing sales channel won't have direct responsibilities to selling those products. We will continue to use what were existing New World resources to do that, and so those sales channels are in place. There's a lot of coordination going on on both sides, both of the product sides, between Tyler's channels and theirs. There are some leadership positions where we've moved Tyler people into those channels to maybe Tyler-ize to some degree and create a best of both worlds channel. But again, the feet on the street are largely the same people that were in place at New World before, and they'll, again, grow below in line with the overall growth of the Company, because I think the capacity has some leverage in it.
John Marr: Well, there hasn't been any attrition caused, and even if the client base wasn't pleased with this decision, which isn't the case again, I was at the public safety conference Monday, and it was very positive and very enthusiastic, so it may not mean that every single client is excited about this, but it is generally being received very positively. But obviously, even if somebody didn't like it, it takes a long time to change, right? You need to spin up a process to go acquire a new system, implement it. That's at least a two-year process, so you wouldn't see any attrition at this point in time, but we don't expect that this deal is going to trigger attrition. I think this deal is breathing enthusiasm into their relationships. I believe they genuinely understand Tyler's interest in the business, and we've added you saw this last quarter. We talked about increases in R&D and service, 62 new heads in the plan for the year rather than what could have been heads that were dropped as cost synergies in the deal, so I think that's really clear to their base, and they're excited and enthusiastic about it.
John Marr: Well, if you could design the rate at which SaaS has been embraced by our marketplace and our existing customers, I think a real, what we're experiencing is very consistent with exactly what we'd want. We're clearly transitioning into a strong SaaS player. Clients in that space that want cloud-based solutions but also want proven software specifically designed for that vertical and the service providers and the rest of our message can get it. They don't need to go to the new vendors that maybe are good cloud players but don't have that track record on the software and service side, so it's progressing well. I don't see the acceleration being so explosive that you're going to hear from us that it's impacting our growth rate meaningfully or our margins meaningfully. It's swinging from 15 to 20, and now it's up in the low 30s for a few quarters. Even if it stays there, which would be great, I don't think you'll hear us saying that that's put pressure on our revenue growth or our margins in a meaningful way. Does it change it within a particular quarter 50 or 100 basis points, sure it could, but I don't see some substantial change in growth or margins because of the lumpiness of the traction that SaaS and cloud solutions have.
John Marr: Well, there's a few and they've all been around, in general, I think government and local government is always going to be more cautious and slower to embrace new technology and new deliverables than the commercial industry, and so we've seen that here. So it's a slower evolution in our space, and so it's gaining momentum maybe later than it did in other verticals or other industries, so we're seeing some of that so that would be one. The other drivers though, really often have to do with their resources, so often moving to the cloud can have to do with the brain drain of people retiring or moving on and now they want to go to a trusted partner or provider rather than recruit and train new resources that it's difficult to do competing with the commercial sector. And the third one really is investment and infrastructure, so if they've got a current investment in their own technology and that's serving them well, they're not going to be anxious to move to the cloud. As that technology ages and is less competitive, that's something that can be a catalyst for a city or a school or a court to look at moving to the cloud. So I'd say those three things generally are the catalysts that cause people to move to the cloud in our space.
John Marr: Well in terms of CapEx, it is elevated this year but again, half of it is real estate related, so we will invest in and own our major facilities when it makes sense, and there were a couple opportunities to do that this year so, I don't see that happening on a regular basis, we built the Plano facility a couple of years ago, we built the facility in Lubbock a few years before that, and New World had just bought and redone a significant facility. This will give us a lot of growth opportunity in our main areas. So I don't see a major real estate investment at those levels in the next few years after this, so that's kind of a one-timer thing. Another significant growth in our CapEx, which is a good thing and will continue, is in our technology facilities for hosting cloud solutions, so that's a change over the years and that's becoming significant as that growth is significant. So there is higher CapEx related to cloud if you host your own facilities than there was in our traditional on-premise business, so that's more permanent. Our regular PT&E CapEx remains very low. It's 120 basis points, 150 basis points on revenues, so it's a very low capital intensive business other than again, investing in cloud and from time to time investing in real estate. In terms of the buy back, I guess you can tell the way we look at our stock. We bought some stock in the 130's, and we bought, I think, quite aggressively in the mid to low 120's, and so that was attractive to us given our long-term outlook and we were very aggressive, and we'd be pleased to do it again, although certainly we won't cause the stock to go to that area, but if market conditions do, we would be aggressive and we don't give specific numbers, it's an active process to look at those values but, over time I'm sure those numbers will come up or our targets will come up somewhat.  We're investing at a pretty significantly higher level in our own products, so that is not CapEx. We don't capitalize any software development. It runs through our P&L, so that does put some pressure on earnings but when we look at the opportunities and the significant cash we'll generate in the coming years, we see reinvesting in our own business as a very attractive way to deploy that capital and you'll see us do some of that. I don't think - again, this was a year where we ratcheted that up pretty significantly. I don't think you'll see us telling you every year that that's putting pressure on margins, but certainly we'll actively look for opportunities to invest in our own products and improve their competitive position.
John Marr: I don’t see real new entrants and I don't expect that. It is a major investment to enter any of these areas of the business. There are mature, established players in all of these areas of the business, and I just think if someone's looking for a place to make a significant investment, the thresholds to establishing yourself in this space are very significant, very obvious, and I just don't expect to see a lot of new names. We see our existing competitors flow in and out. I would say that happens. So they're, and I don't comment on specific names, so I'll not do that, but certainly some of these competitors become a little less competitive and some of them eventually become legacy players, but some of them say hey, we need to do some of what Tyler does and reinvest in their product or reinvest in their channel and become stronger competitively. So I think sometimes, because our market shares are very strong and we do feel we have a strong position, in this market, people think it's a little more automatic than it is. And so there's no question there are good competitors there, their competitive positions, like ours, flow within certain ranges, and that's what we deal with on a day in and day out basis, but not really any new clients in that space. In terms of a light pipeline, I want to clarify that. The pipeline in general we believe is strong. We believe the marketplace in general is, if you were to bracket the normal experience, it's on the higher end or the more active end of what is typical in this space. Specifically, I said that the public safety side, from what those folks who are more experienced and have more history in that area report to us, is a little bit lighter than would be typical at this point in a year, and their visibility suggests that that's temporary and they expect it to recover later in the year.
John Marr: I've not been in this space before. This is public safety. Specifically, we had a very small presence there. Based on, again, what they're telling us and their history, which is good, this is just, it's a little lighter than it normally is, it's not like - it's terribly weak, and that's really all we know at this point.
John Marr: Yes. But there are a number of places where it's pretty productive right now. Probably the most productive area is EnerGov. So EnerGov, when we bought them, we kept their direct sales channel in that space, and so if a large county comes out for their solutions, they handle that as they did before on a direct basis, but we also trained our other sales channels on their products, product presentation, and so we do what is a lot of incremental business through our other sales channels, I guess a lot of it through the Munis sales channel.  A lot of their solutions include EnerGov now, and it's a pretty big-ticket item. So if they sell a 500,000 Munis license, it might drag a 200,000 license for EnerGov, so that would be an example where it's very active and it's very incremental and it also improves our competitive position, so you'll never know for certain, but that could've been a deal that maybe Munis wouldn't have won without it, so all good stuff and all the kinds of things we're trying to accomplish with those types of acquisitions. On our criminal justice side, now, which we've talked a lot about our objectives there, which we'll deliver a solution that's different than exists in that marketplace, so, and it isn't just the big ticket items, so New World's public safety and obviously our Odyssey system, as they combine and will drive synergies there, but the SoftCode solution that we acquired a couple of years ago is in this whole alliance, the Brazos system, which is mobile devices and applications in the field. That's a lot of potential. So it's happening. It helps in a lot of ways, obviously, this incremental revenue. It improves the competitiveness of the core system by adding on these other extensions, and we do see more of it. If you look historically at Tyler, we have this broad offering that really nobody else has, but we have focused on those individual applications individually in this call it's the first phase of Tyler's product strategy. The next phase of the strategy does have a lot more focus on building horizontal, use of these different applications, adding benefits and value to using multiple products, and so we talked about, I think last quarter creating an incremental R&D team that's led by Jeff Green, that focuses on those synergies, and there's a lot of that now so that it's not just having two products from the Tyler family, but really being able to specifically identify tangible advantages to having multiple Tyler suites.
John Marr: Okay. Well, thank you Gail, and thanks everybody for joining us on today's call. If you do have any further questions, feel free to reach out to Brian or myself. Thanks again. Have a good day.
Brian Miller: On the margin question, we do expect margins to build through the year. We expect that both gross margins and operating margins will be stronger in the second half of the year, particularly on non-GAAP basis. The amortization - or the haircut on the referring revenue starts to narrow, so the difference between GAAP and non-GAAP revenues will narrow through the year. But we would expect that margins would be stronger in the second half of the year than the first half of the year, and obviously I haven't talked much about 2017, but our longer-term expectations for consistent operating margin and gross margin expansion, based on our targeted growth rates, we would expect to see that progression continue into 2017, so those long-term expectations continue to be the same as we've talked about in the past.
Brian Miller: I think a couple of trends we are seeing more of with respect to the SaaS bookings is that we're seeing it being adopted more broadly across our product lines as opposed to just in the ERP space, so we're seeing more Odyssey deals primarily at the lower end, but Odyssey deals. We're seeing more appraisal and tax deals, EnerGov deals, so it's more broad, the adoption across our product lines, than it was going back three or four years ago. And we're certainly seeing more larger deals coming in on the SaaS side. So not necessarily the percentage of the number of deals, but whereas if you go back a few years, it was mostly on the small end. For example, this quarter, the biggest deal of the quarter with Milwaukee was a SaaS deal, so we are seeing more on the high end. And thirdly, longer terms, so that certainly increases the contract value that we book, but I think customers, as they become more comfortable with the offerings are certainly signing up for longer initial terms.
Brian Miller: Yes, New World's bookings for the quarter were about $20 million, and organic software bookings were, let's see, about $41 million. So that's software and services excluding, software and services, and then subscription bookings on an organic basis were $42 million.
Brian Miller: We do have three or four California counties that start to come online in the second half of the year with e-filing revenues. I don't believe they're mandatory so the numbers are relatively small, but throughout this year, I think Santa Clara County, San Diego County, looks like Orange County all will start to generate some e-filing revenues in the second half of the year.
Brian Miller: And to the extent there were prospects that were in the pipeline that were close to a decision around the time the acquisition was announced, we talked on the fourth quarter call about, as we expected, there were some delays not talking about a lot of people, but at least a handful of deals that were in that stage where they stepped back to be sure they understood what the impact of the acquisition was, and I don't think we've had any significant surprises there. Again, we're talking about maybe a large handful of deals and there have probably been a couple on the ERP side that were deciding between the New World product and the Tyler product, so if they went with the Tyler product, that's still in our family. I don't think we've lost any deals on the public safety side because of the acquisition. So no real surprises there and that as we expected, all kind of gets back on track after a quarter or so.
