John S. Marr: Thanks, Brian. As I indicated earlier, we are very pleased with Tyler’s third quarter results, which by most measures, was the best quarter in our history. And as our revised guidance indicates, we have a very positive outlook for the remainder of the year. Most of the factors contributing to our success this quarter have similar themes to last year. Activity in the local government market is good and has returned to normal pre-recession levels. Most importantly, our competitive position is very strong across all of our major product suites, and our win rates remain very high, which is enabling us to gain market share and expand our leadership position. As you know, our bookings and backlog in the first half of the year benefited from our success in the California courts market, where we signed 13 contracts in the second quarter and have now been selected in 25 of the 28 decisions made by California courts. The timing of some of these contracts was accelerated into the second quarter because some counties had limits on the availability of funds. While revenues for these contracts will be recognized over a number of years or in some cases years, the growth in backlog provides us with increasing visibility over future revenues. There were no new California case management contracts awarded in the third quarter but it’s important to recognize that significant long-term opportunities remaining in that market. First we expect that over time the other 30 counties in California will acquire new case management systems. Second, our existing contracts with several courts do not currently cover the – all case types and we expect to expand those relationships to include additional case types. Third, while we have signed 17 California counties to transaction-based e-filing contracts, we expect that most if not all of the courts using Odyssey software will ultimately be using our e-filing solution as well. These revenues will not start until our case management systems are implemented but in many cases we expect that the recurring e-filing revenues will be as much as two times the annual maintenance revenues. Finally, we are pursuing opportunities to expand our relationship with California counties beyond case management systems to our Odyssey integrated justice solution, adding applications for jails, prosecutor, public defender and probation. These expansion opportunities are not unique to California and are part of our long-term growth strategy for the courts and justice business nationwide. The eFileTexas system continues to perform exceptionally well and we believe that it can serve as the model for future e-filing systems in other jurisdictions across the country. During the third quarter we added the courts in Clayton County, Georgia, as a new e-file client. While courts and justice has been our fastest growing product line in 2014, all of our business units are performing at a high level. For example, all of our major product groups had double digit revenue growth in the third quarter and each business unit exceeded its plans for revenues and operating profits. With our Microsoft Dynamics AX relationships, results this quarter were again somewhat mixed. Our royalty revenues from this quarter from sales from other buyers were down about 13% from last year. Royalties this quarter represent sales in 21 countries. We expect that royalty revenues will continue to vary from quarter-to-quarter and represent both a risk and an opportunity in our short-term results. In our direct channel for Dynamics, revenues totaled $1.1 million, a substantial increase over last year. Tyler signed three new Dynamics clients through our direct channel this quarter; the City of West Hartford, Connecticut, the Buffalo and Fort Erie Peace Bridge Authority in New York and the Ohio Police and Fire Pension Fund. Brian detailed our revised guidance for 2014 earlier in the call. The upward revision reflects our third quarter results, as well as our outlook for the remainder of the year, including opportunities and risk. Tyler’s results in 2014 have exceeded our internal plans by a wide margin. It’s a testament to the skills and dedication of the Tyler team of nearly 2,800 professionals that we’ve been able to grow revenues at a rate substantially greater than the broader market is growing and expand margins while building our SaaS client base, investing in product development at a high level and absorbing onboarding costs associated with a net increase of more 220 employees through the first nine months of the year. Thank you for joining us on the call and now we’ll take your questions.
John S. Marr: Well, it’s a little mixed as we said, Charlie. We’re pleased that we signed three contracts on a direct basis in the last quarter. We do have an active pipeline that’s growing. We’re identifying and establishing a presence in what I call sub-niches in the marketplace. We certainly are a little bit constrained by the success of Munis and our other proprietary financial products and we’re working hard to find the right places to grow our presence and gain momentum on a direct basis and that’s going pretty well and we’re encouraged by that. I think it’s gaining some momentum. When I say it’s a little mixed, we just really have very little visibility into what’s going to come through their channel. We literally learn after the quarter and I don’t think they have an awful lot of visibility. I don’t think that it’s a lack of transparency; it’s just that it’s through a channel, their partners and it’s hard to know exactly when they are going to win the deals. The thing we are encouraged by is, as I said, in more than 20 countries this quarter, consistently a very worldwide geographic footprint for the product that not just represents the countries and the partners that secure those deals but that’s I think representative of them building a very broad partner alliance group and presence in the marketplace. But certainly it’s taking probably a little longer than we expected and they expected to accelerate the numbers.Charles Strauzer – CJS Securities, Inc.: In the meantime you’re obviously showing some very good quarter growth in all the products. Thank you very much.
John S. Marr: I don’t know that we have that quantified but it might be fair to say that the volume of those deals is maybe in the half to two-thirds range so there is still another doubling or 50% of growth opportunity by adding other case types in the deals we’ve already done. And it’s important to pursue that because while we’ve done fewer than half the counties so far in terms of awards, the deals we have won represent more than 70% of the population base. So we have won many of the larger counties and our focus will be as we said to expand the case types, hopefully pursue integrated justice systems, including other applications entirely. And post-implementation the real benefit will be achieved as the e-filing comes online.Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company LLC: Got it. And then can you just talk a little bit about win rates? I know you guys have seen some improvements in prior quarters but are you seeing that trend accelerate, are you seeing it stay stable in terms of higher win rates? Just relative to your expectations how the win rates have been progressing.
John S. Marr: Of course there is a lot of different product suites involved and I don’t think we can accelerate in courts and justice. We’ve won virtually all of the meaningful deals over the last few years so if you look there we’ll be happy with stable because it’s – anyway. In some of the broader applications, it accelerated – really we saw are the meaningful acceleration in the second half of last year and I would say it’s stayed within a pretty tight range since then. It was a meaningful move in the market, these are a lot of sub-market areas that we had focused on and really had tried to identify what we had to do to improve our presence in some areas where we hadn’t performed as well as others. And we’re focused on sustaining that. It’s probably not possible to achieve the level of market share in those markets that are still vertical but you see horizontal players in them. There just are price points and sizes and different position criteria that no one solution can address all the time. So I think the level we’re at is a pretty strong one and probably improvement would only be modest from there.Jonathan Ho – William Blair & Company LLC: Great results on the quarter, thank you.
John S. Marr: I’m not certain that Clayton County is a CMS client or not. We have a significant presence in Georgia. There are several counties there that have our CMS that don’t currently do e-file and there are some that have e-filing from us that don’t have CMS. I’m not positive which one Clayton falls in. And in terms of what percent, it’s not all of them and it’s probably more than half. Obviously as you know we had a lot of case management contracts and customers before we even acquired Wiznet and built our e-filing solution but I think the way we look at it and the way we would look at the future which ensures what you are trying to quantify is we really feel regardless of whether or not it was part of the original engagement or not, it’s a high probability that as these systems are implemented and maybe they rest a little bit post-implementation but that virtually everybody is going to have a paperless court, which is really what e-file supports, it’s not just a filing instrument, and that we should have near complete saturation in our own customer base and that is the way we look at it.
John S. Marr: I’m going to have to take a look. Yeah, and there are some places where volumes are down slightly. I know that one of the counties in Nevada, there’s just a little bit less e-filing, less court activity this year over the last year. We don’t necessarily view that as a trend. But I’ll have to take a look at those numbers.
John S. Marr: It goes back to vision. So courts and justice, which obviously is the fast grower and clearly we did the second half plan with the California stuff coming online, that’s earning things out of backlog and as we said that’s really just exceptional execution there. Their billable hours are up about 50% over the last year, which is an incredibly challenging thing to do with a lot of new people, which we’ve had some great hires and aggressive onboarding and still delivering high quality service. So that deal is really burning through some backlog and executing well. I think the Munis division, which would be where the other big piece of that came from, where they do sell contract, deliver and recognize any quarter at times, it’s not a big number and there will be only a few million dollars, but they are beating their projected license number and that’s just sales and deliveries. So those would be the two biggest drivers. And then the other thing that contributes is when you have a number of quarters like we’ve had in a row that are even a little bit ahead of plan, everything else just runs together so you generally beat your maintenance by a little bit, you beat your SaaS number by a little bit, you beat your PS number by a little bit. And that’s momentum obviously that we enjoy right now. It should continue for a number of quarters. So again when you’re bringing in the new names and the new projects then all of those numbers generally tend to outperform by a little bit and it adds up to something meaningful.Scott R. Berg – Northland Capital Markets: Certainly an impressive quarter that’s for sure.
John S. Marr: No, I can take – I think it’s – when we talk about improvement competitively the greatest gain in terms of improvement competitively is I think with would call the tier 2 space which is generally the higher end of our market space, excluding courts where they are certainly a tier 1 player. So that’s where we’ve seen a lot of improvement and there are a lot more of these $3 million, $4 million, $5 million deals when if you look back two or three years there were fewer of those and a lot more of the $400,000 to $800,000 deals.Scott R. Berg – Northland Capital Markets: Great, then I guess we’ll –
John S. Marr: The headcount should flatten dramatically from here forward.Scott R. Berg – Northland Capital Markets: Okay, that’s all I have. I’ll jump in the queue. Thank you.
John S. Marr: Yeah, we do not really try to influence it too much and interestingly we like the mix. We’re getting up on that third of the new name area, great. As you can see in the financials we are still growing licenses, we are still growing earnings while we’re building a nice SaaS business and a lot of the SaaS companies are sacrificing earnings in order to do that. So it’s really the market share, the traction there is developing exactly where you would like it to, even though we are not over-influencing that, by this what I mean there isn’t any pricing bias or margin bias, they are on – the incentives for reps and management are similar. We really – our feeling as we should capture the customer, whichever way works best for the customer. And once they are a customer as you know they are a customer that’s almost forever, and so we’re not over-biasing that. I also think personally that our types of maintenance agreements, that are 98%, 99% retention, high-dollar maintenance agreements, high margin, that while the marketplace clearly distinguishes significantly between traditional on-premise maintenance revenues and SaaS revenues, I think our type of maintenance revenues are very valuable and the customers are very valuable if they happen to choose on an on-premise basis.Aleksandr J. Zukin – Stephens, Inc.: That’s very helpful. Thanks a lot, John.
John S. Marr: Sure.Aleksandr J. Zukin – Stephens, Inc.: Also just a question about the competitive environment and the win rates and what is your take on the potential for pricing power given the [MCATs] (ph) of the world getting taken out, you seem to be – you seem to have – to be in a position with a market-leading products where there is not a lot of competition. Just want to get your thoughts on that.
John S. Marr: Well, I would not factor in a lot of price increases. Obviously we are very active in the new business market, we want to have great relationships and be able to defend a very strong value proposition with our clients. We want them to talk that language when talking to prospective clients and I think that our current pricing as we achieve more and more scale and take advantage of that leverage it is giving us plenty of margin opportunity. So I wouldn’t factor in significant price increases. What I would say is maybe a year ago 18 months ago we were pleased with the improvement in our products and competitive position to win more deals. The next objective was to maybe win those deals by a wide enough margin that we could eliminate or marginalize the discounting that does go on in the marketplace and we do know that our discounting has been less aggressive. We haven’t had to discount as much. So that is a benefit that we’ll be pleased if there isn’t discounting. We can go forward with our model and just let the model work and we’ll see margins expand through that.Aleksandr J. Zukin – Stephens, Inc.: Perfect. Thank you guys again.
John S. Marr: Historically the third quarter is a strong quarter. And generally fourth quarter is a target to be somewhat flat. It’s not unusual and certainly we could have awards and performance that drives beyond that but there are some things in there. We get our increase in maintenance because it’s our highest renewals, so that the maintenance of existing customer base, there wouldn’t be much movement in that. That’s 60% of our revenues so that’s event that takes in place in July and doesn’t change too much of a degree the rest of the year. There actually are some third-party maintenance renewals that are recognized that are recognized once in the third quarter so that’s a one-time event that has to be replaced with other revenue growth in the fourth quarter. And holiday schedules and a number of things play into professional service because typically professional services are a little lighter in the fourth quarter. So you’re right, they look flat sequentially but you actually have to make up for a few things just to get too flat and certainly there is an opportunity to have some growth.
John S. Marr: We haven’t seen any acceleration, you’re right, and I think a lot of those that had an interest early on have – we’ve addressed those. We’re very active going into those customer bases and trying to find those opportunities. We’ve talked about it before. And a catalyst typically would be people retiring and a change in skills or a need for a new infrastructure and a capital investment they’d like to avoid and our inside sales channel’s in tune with those opportunities and I think that will allow the pace to chug along as it is. At some point, we may do something that makes it more attractive to that base to try to accelerate that.Kevin Liu – B. Riley Caris: Great. Appreciate you taking the questions and congrats on a solid quarter.
John S. Marr: Funny when he said it was the last question I couldn’t believe we were going to get through the call without that question. Obviously cash was incredibly strong in the third quarter; got the highest cash position we’ve ever had and with the visibility we have in our business it’s going to continue to accumulate and create a stronger, stronger balance sheet. So we’re certainly aware of that. We certainly consider it a very important strategic opportunity to deploy that. And historically I think we’ve deployed our capital, especially with our repurchase, well and created a lot of shareholder value. You guys I’m sure know the market is pretty robust right now, it’s active, but it is expensive as well. We certainly are looking at the right opportunities very, very carefully and we have some things that we would love to achieve strategically and financially and we’ll look to be opportunistic and find the right opportunitiesMatthew L. Williams – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Great, thanks for the color and congrats on the quarter.
John S. Marr: Sure. All right, thank you for joining us on the call today and if you do have any further questions feel free to contact myself or Brian Miller.
Brian K. Miller: I think it’s important to note as well that even a number of our existing clients that have e-file aren’t at full run rate. So for example in Minnesota we have a statewide CMS system. E-file is being rolled out across the state currently. In Oregon we have – we are in the implementation for our case management solution and counties are coming online with e-filing as they come on to the court system but it’s not at full run rate yet. Same thing in Maryland. We are in the middle of an implementation; we have signed the statewide e-filing but aren’t recognizing any revenues there yet.
Brian K. Miller: And the timing of the professional services would be the biggest factor there probably with respect to just pure billable days as people take off the latter part of December to try to get a lot of implementation work done.Kevin Liu – B. Riley Caris: Thanks, that’s helpful. And just one final question, with respect to your SaaS business. You have a number of conversions that you’re doing, it’s been fairly constant year over year. I’m curious as to whether you’re hearing more from your existing customers about interest on switching over or whether you expect this piece to continue on as we move forward.
Brian K. Miller: Well, clearly the most – there are two areas that have the most leverage. One is just the volume of the software licenses and with the very strong growth we’ve had we’ve seen a nice push from that. Obviously very high margin on the incremental revenues on licenses, close to 100% on those. And the second is the incremental leverage or incremental margin in the recurring revenues, both maintenance and particularly the transaction-based revenues. And as we mentioned as you just noted, last year we thought really an outsize effect there where we had more significant costs associated with the startup of eFileTexas ahead of those revenues. Now we have those revenues and the costs are mostly behind us. We have some more e-file projects, for example the one in Massachusetts is ramping up but they aren’t at the same scale as the Texas one. And actually the Texas revenues will continue to grow as well as other e-filing revenues. So those – just the incremental margins and the recurring revenues are the biggest lever there. In addition, I think we’re doing a good job of continuing to bring the service-to-license ratio down particularly on some of the larger projects, particularly in the courts space, where the service component, although still significant in most of the courts projects, is a less – is a smaller piece of the project and so that mix is helping us in growing the margins as well, so just a lower service mix.Matthew L. Williams – Evercore Partners, Inc.:  Great, that’s helpful. I appreciate it. And then maybe just, John, maybe one for you. Given the cash balance that continues to build maybe just any comments on opportunities from an M&A standpoint, nothing specific but just what you are seeing in the market, how is the pricing environment and are there any opportunities that you guys might target over others, thanks.
