Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. We're making solid progress every quarter to deliver our near and long-term objectives that we discussed in detail at our Investor Day earlier this year. Consistent with our track record, we continue to scale our enterprise while capturing more efficiencies as we transform into a largely pure cloud business, supported by a unified One Tyler strategy. Our strong year-to-date performance, underpinned by our powerful financial algorithm, strong balance sheet and our unique ability to deliver mission-critical software solutions, enabling the public sector's ongoing digital transformation. We're also proud that 11 of our state partners won E-Republic Government Experience Awards. Our clients in Utah, Mississippi, Indiana, Arkansas and Virginia swept the top 5 spots in the GovEx awards. Our momentum continues to build as we complete this pivotal year in our cloud transition. Our team is excited about the tremendous opportunity ahead of us, and we look forward to sharing our continued progress as we finish out 2023. Now we'd like to open the line for Q&A
Lynn Moore: Yeah, Matt, that's a good question. And you're right. Historically, public safety has been a little bit slower to adopt. We're seeing that change -- I hesitate to say rapidly, but we are starting to see the momentum shift and the pendulum change a little bit. We're seeing it in the deals that we're doing. We're seeing it in the acceptance of our clients. I'd say more so still on the RMS, the record side. Mobility is already there, but you're seeing a little bit of on the CAD side. Just this past quarter, actually, we did a deal with Manassas, Virginia, where they were on-camp -- on-prem CAD RMS client and we flipped them over to SaaS. So I think just like the rest of the businesses, that as the market continues to gain acceptance the momentum will continue to grow. And we're pretty optimistic and look out into 2024 that the number of flips and the number of SaaS deals will continue to grow at a faster pace, albeit still not a majority of the business yet.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. I think, generally speaking, across our entire portfolio, we're either -- with the exception of public safety and probably our platform solutions, but all our other ones are -- we're pretty much leading first with SaaS. Deals -- our budgets around SaaS are high. And ERP I think we're north of 90%. Courts & Justice is high. The two market areas that are a little bit slower still are public safety platform solutions, which is our federal space. But even there, the modernization efforts that are going on at the federal government is really starting to shift that pendulum to SaaS as well. So for the overall majority of our business, we're -- the demand is there and the market receptiveness is there. And it's starting -- the momentum for those other two pieces are starting to go forward. When you look at our licenses, licenses now are about 2% of our total revenues. Most of that -- a lot of those license deals are coming out of those two other divisions even as there still are some licenses, pockets of licenses around the rest of the business.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I'll start. I didn't quite hear all that, Brian. So I'll let you jump in. But yes, so our platform solutions, Q3 is normally their strongest quarter. They had that really strong deal with the National Guard Bureau. There was a fairly significant license deal that slipped and probably got pushed to 2024, and it was really around some uncertainty with the federal government funding as Q3 was coming to a close and the move of some funds to what the Feds consider to be more mission critical. The number of deals that we're doing and the pipeline of deals that we're doing at Federal continues to grow, but there still are some very large deals that can swing quarter-to-quarter. A lot of times, once that sort of window passes in Q3, there's still a volume of deals that happen in Q4, Q1, Q2,-- but the sense of urgency is probably not quite the same as it is as you get into late Q2 and into Q3.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. I mean, the synergy between what we do at federal and the state market is really strong. As Brian mentioned, we're seeing more pipeline there. And really because when you think about the state government and what they're doing, a lot of what they're doing is case management. And our application platform really sort of serves those modernization needs. Less expensive, it's nimbler, it's built for government. It's enhanced by our mobility, our D&I, our payments. So we do see that synergy, and I think it's something that's going to become more of a focus for us as we look into 2024 and 2025.
Lynn Moore: I do. I think we talk about it with our Connected Communities vision and sort of the leverage and power we can create between our public safety and our enterprise justice visions. It was a really good win. It was a good win because it was a very competitive deal. As you'd imagine, it was a license deal of over $1 million. So those are always going to be competitive. And I think part to your point as well, we actually did a smaller deal in California this past quarter. That was with Ameriposta County Sheriff's Office out in California, and that was really leveraging the enterprise justice contract to bring Tyler corrections there. Important deal because we hadn't really had a win in California in a little bit of time and leveraging our relationship with -- on the Courts & Justice side and leveraging that contract was something that got us in the door, and I think an opportunity to expand not only in that department, but also in California.
Lynn Moore: I'll start with the use cases. Right now, Rapid, when we bought them, they were primarily in the court space, and that's our primary focus right now. We're in the process. We're early in our 2024 budgeting, thinking about the investments and the various other disbursement cases that we want to put our money towards. So I'm not going to give you our R&D time line right now or our priorities, but we're in the process of doing that. We -- as we've talked before, I think the opportunities across the Tyler solutions is pretty expansive on the disbursement side. We've talked before, I think, as big as on the acquiring side. But currently, right now, the focus is primarily still in the courts area.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure, Jonathan. Obviously, it's a pretty rapidly evolving landscape. There's a lot that's in the news, some of it may be a little more hype. But it's real. And we see AI benefits within Tyler, we're kind of looking at it in two different ways. We're looking at it sort of pointing it internally, things that we're doing, how can we make ourselves more efficient by using AI. Because I think one of the biggest benefits around AI really is when you're talking about sort of high-volume repetitive tasks, which there are pieces of our business that do that, whether it's some software coding, it may be some things around some support, things like that. The other side of it is how do we make our products more competitive and differentiate them more? What we've done internally is we've organized a working group that's been in place for several quarters, looking at all the various opportunities. There's pockets of AI going on all around Tyler right now. We want to take -- not surprisingly, what we always do at Tyler is sort of a deliberate targeted approach. Sort of we're in the process of identifying what are the couple of key areas that we want to focus on in both of those scenarios, whether we're pointing it internally around creating more efficiencies or adding more competitiveness to our products. The CSI acquisition is a great example of that. They really started off as a sort of a document redaction sort of extraction leader. Recently, they've added some machine learning and robotic process automation. This is something that all of our core clients need and some of our core clients were already using. Tarrant County, which is here out in Fort Worth, they've utilized the CSI acquisition and what it saved in their personnel costs, this is their numbers not mine. they're saying they've cut their labor costs by 50% by sort of automating some of these more repetitive things around documents which, of course, there's a lot there. So even the CSI acquisition, we were just talking earlier the Rapid acquisition. Initially, it's in the court space, that's where we're pointing it. But we also see a lot of places and leverage it across other platforms in Tyler, whether it's things in our ERP space like invoice processing and things like that. So a lot of applicability. You're right, states and clients are -- they're taking different approaches, and we're going to take that deliberate approach with our clients.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, Kelly. I would say it's been a strong year. And I would say we characterize that in the first half of the year is very strong. And I would say it's -- right now, it's steady at that pace. Overall, the markets just seem healthy. The budgets are still strong. The activity is strong and our win rates are good. So I don't see any real meaningful change across our business lines from comments we've made in the first couple of quarters.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, David. Sure. As you know, we've been prioritizing debt paydown a lot at the same time while we're still looking at other deals. I'm excited to -- once we dropped under 1.5 net leverage, our rate in our bank changed, and we were able to achieve that at the end of Q3. So that's encouraging. We've paid over about $1 billion of debt down. Brian talked earlier about the impact of Section 174 taxes and the pro forma free cash flow. We'd actually be out of term debt or pretty close to out of term debt right now, absent that, which is encouraging. As it relates to private market valuations there, I would say there's -- we're starting to see in the market and the deals and the things that we're hearing that expectations are finally starting to change. It's always been a little bit amazing to me that when you see things going on in the public markets and yet the private sector deals or people still think that the market should be where it was a couple of years ago. We're still pretty disciplined in how we look at acquisitions. So in areas when private expectations still are too high, we'll simply pass on the deal. We're pretty excited to get these 3 deals done, 1 in Q3 and the ones that we announced earlier this week. These are good deals. These are good business deals, things that are going to help drive our growth, things that will leverage the growth drivers that we outlined in Tyler 2030. And they're going to be accretive to revenues and margins over in pretty short order. So it's interesting, too. There's a lot of companies went private equity in the last few years. And I think we're going to start seeing a time when we're going to start spinning back out. And historically, I think they paid pretty high premiums. It's going to be interesting to see what happens in the markets, but our disciplined approach to how we do things isn't going to change.
Lynn Moore: I think the short answer is no, I don't have any preliminary thoughts on it. Obviously, we watch all these types of things that are going on in the markets, particularly as we think about our long-term plans and views. I'm certainly not in a position to think one way or the other of where -- what anybody in Washington is going to do a little on the Fed. But -- so I'd say right now, I don't have any real comment on that.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I'd say right now we're on track for what we outlined. We expect our Dallas Center to shut down sort of middle of 2024. And yes, we're still on track for evacuating the other one by the end of 2025.
Lynn Moore: Well, yes, I mean, security is always an issue and particularly in our business and our clients. I think the thing about what's been going on with cybersecurity is it really highlights the need for our clients to move away from their traditional on-prem type environments, move to the cloud, move to the modernization and digitization efforts. And I think it contributes to that. We've seen clients where -- I talked about it, I think, a couple of quarters ago, we had a client that we were trying to move to a SaaS flip for -- out in Arizona for quite a long time. And unfortunately, they had a ransomware attack, and it was surely after that that we were able to flip them to the cloud. It was a triggering point for their decision. So it's a reality that we all have to live with, and our clients are acutely aware of it because a lot of the public sector clients are targets. But I do think it does help with the sales and understanding about where we need to go in the future together with our clients.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Aaron, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today. If you have any further questions, please feel free to reach out to Brian Miller or myself. Have a great day.
Brian Miller: Yes. And on the cross-sell, the opportunities with our application platform, the formerly called MicroPact entellitrak product, remains one of the strongest opportunities and one of the areas where we're seeing the most activity in terms of leveraging the digital solutions state contracts to sell that into those states. And we had a couple of deals this quarter that we mentioned in the prepared remarks in different applications. I think in Louisiana and Indiana, where we've seen progress. And we've seen a number of those deals since the acquisition of NIC and that continues to be an opportunity that we're pursuing actively.
Brian Miller: Yes. I don't have that number in front of me. They're not restatements. In the financial statements, they were always all in subscription revenues. It's in the...
Brian Miller: Some of those were -- when we originally acquired NIC and before we basically had almost all their revenues classified in our transaction category. And some of the revenues from a contract can have sort of a blend of some SaaS revenues and transaction revenues around those. So they're providing some software services but getting paid with transaction fees. And so sometimes there's some boring between that. Also, when we acquired the VendEngine acquisition, we initially made an additional judgment from their financials of how those revenues should be spread. And with a deeper understanding of those, we start to map those to our new financial system. We just found that some of those were more appropriately classified a different way. So those are all relatively minor reclassifications as well. So I don't think there's a big change in the trend, but...
Brian Miller: No, no. There's not a significant change from that. That's not really accelerating it. The 26% growth is actually an acceleration this quarter. But again, we said that will maybe move around from quarter-to-quarter. But generally, we expect this around the 20% CAGR over the next couple of years in SaaS revenue. Some quarters, it may be higher. And as we talked about, some of that variability from quarter-to-quarter has to do with the lag from when we sign a new SaaS deal to when those revenues hit, which can be a quarter or two occasionally longer.
Brian Miller: Yes. Clarke, I think it's more the latter. So it's more of that timing. So good bookings, it could be as much as a year ago or longer, that -- where we signed new SaaS deals that some of those are now more fully reflected in the revenue run rate as well as flips. So obviously, the pace of flips has been accelerating over the last couple of years, continues to accelerate. But again, from the time -- the numbers we announced each quarter, the contract signed for flips this quarter, so that revenue uplift shifting from maintenance to SaaS, typically, call it, a 1.7x multiple, there's a lag from that. So the flips we signed last year or last quarter or the quarter before, some of those are now seeing the revenue uplift. So there's just sort of a lag from -- which is different than some SaaS companies, that lag from the time of contract signed to the time that those revenues start to hit our income statement. So I think that's more of that acceleration. And as we continue to increase the pace of flips and grow -- move more of the new business to SaaS, you'll continue to see that accelerate, although with a lag.
Brian Miller: And just to add to Lynn's comment about leverage and our comfort level, we've never been highly leveraged and don't see a scenario where we really would be given the predictability and the strength of our cash flow, especially around our recurring revenues. When we did the NIC acquisition, we were, I think, around or maybe above 3x leverage and certainly very comfortable there. Our lenders are very comfortable there. And as we said, we're focused on deleveraging, especially as interest rates rose and have done that very rapidly. But I think we have a lot of capacity as well. But within that band up to the kind of 3, 3.5 times, where we're very comfortable.
Brian Miller: I don't think we had anything above $10 million in contract value. Our biggest SaaS deal was around $5.5 million in contract value. That was the Minnesota Parks deal. And our biggest license deal was under $5 million total contract value, though it has a lot of options that could drive that significantly higher. But the booked amount was less than $5 million. So no, no -- nothing in that really large size this quarter. A lot of good midsized volume of kind of bread-and-butter deals.
Brian Miller: Not really. Actually, the average term of our new SaaS contracts this quarter was exactly the same as third quarter of last year at 3.8 years. We've said we generally tried to bring that down over recent years and generally lead with a three-year initial term. We certainly have some clients who want a longer term. And so that blended term or that average duration has generally been in that kind of 3.5% to 4% over the last couple of years. But this quarter, yes, that wasn't a factor at all.
A –Brian Miller: Yes. And on the expectations for growth rates around payments, at Investor Day, we broadly talked about an expectation of transaction revenues growing in the 10% to 13% range and expanding margins there over the next several years. As we've said, we're in the very early innings of executing on the cross-sell opportunity of driving payments more deeply into our local government customer base. And so we're still ramping that up, seeing good success in expanding those numbers of new deals each quarter. But generally, that 10% to 13% CAGR for transaction revenues is our expectation over the next few years.
A –Brian Miller: Yes. So a couple of things there. Cash flow, most of the outperformance was -- you see it in the working capital side and just really strong collections around our revenues driving good performance around our receivables. I think we're continuing to see the impact of more and more recurring revenues and the positive cash flow characteristics around that. Not really any onetime things there. But I think that our expectation for the year has ratcheted up a little bit. I think right now, even after the impact of the Section 174 cash taxes, which the biggest impact was in the first half of the year, I think we said there's a $22 million impact on cash taxes this quarter, back around the $15 million incremental taxes in Q4. But I think our expectation for the full year now is more in the $220 million to $240 million range for free cash flow, which is up from where we thought last quarter. We did make some minor reclasses in the historical data, the split between -- in subscription, so all in the subscription category on the face of our income statement. But in the breakout of those, between transaction revenues and SaaS revenues. As we transition to a new financial system this quarter, we had better clarity on some of the mapping of the revenues, primarily from acquisitions since NIC and reclassified those somewhat between transactions and SaaS. So we've just sort of cleaned up some of those historical numbers. Don't expect any more changes going forward.
A –Brian Miller: Yes, the booking side, we talked about this, it can be kind of lumpy. But generally, the -- really a reflection of kind of the combination of all the new SaaS business, the new increases in the transaction business, which kind of run through bookings at the same time as they run through revenues. And just the combination of all that led to a stronger quarter this quarter. We didn't have any of the mega deals, but we did have a really solid flow of new SaaS deals, some -- a couple of not super large but meaningful license deals this quarter and then pretty good activity around the expansions with existing customers as well. So it's pretty broad-based, but again not driven by super large contracts, but nice growth across all of our revenue streams.
