John S. Marr Jr.: Thank you, Brian. As you’ve seen, this was a solid quarter and results were generally in line with our expectations. The trend of gradual recovery in the broad local government market environment is continuing. Our new business pipeline is active and our competitive positions and win rates are strong. I like to provide updates on a couple of opportunities that we’ve discussed in recent quarters and discuss our updated guidance for 2013. As we mentioned earlier in the call, our royalty revenues from Microsoft this quarter increased substantially over last year. Royalties totaled $687,000, up from a $129,000 recorded in the second quarter of last year. These royalties were generated by sales of Dynamics AX to approximately 55 public sector entities in 18 different countries. While the royalty revenues were about $200,000 less than Q1, almost half of the royalties in Q1 were from one large sale to a federal agency in Indonesia. This is just our 6th quarter of royalty payments and we continue to be encouraged by the reception of the product in a very broad marketplace as reflected by the number of new deals in the widespread geographical footprint. With respect to our direct channel for Dynamics, late in the quarter, we signed two more significant deals that we had previously mentioned as unsigned awards. The city of Columbus, Ohio, was one of our early Dynamics proposals and selected us after a thorough competitive process. Columbus is the nation’s 15th largest city and we look forward to partnering with them to transform their core financial operations with the implementation of Dynamics along with Tyler proprietary software products and services. We also signed a contract to provide Dynamics to the Oklahoma Administrative Office of the Courts, the statewide agency that provides administrative services for the Supreme Court, Appeals Court and District Courts in that state. Together, those two contracts have initial value of nearly $8 million. Our pipeline of Dynamics opportunities through our direct channel also remains active and growing. In the Courts & Justice market, we continue to build our Odyssey leadership position in case management software. We have been awarded a contract with the State of Washington for statewide implementation of Odyssey and expect that to be signed soon. In California, we have signed contracts for Odyssey with two of the states’ 58 counties following the termination last year of a project to develop a custom statewide case management system. We previously discussed that we were one of three vendors selected earlier this year to enter into a master service agreement under which courts in California can purchase systems without going through the RFP process. The MSA was executed last week and we are actively engaged with several counties that we expect to purchase systems under the MSA. Electronic filing solution for courts known as Odyssey File and Serve is another area in which we are making significant investments and expect to be a growth driver over the next few years. We are well underway with the work on the TexFile project, which is the contract we signed last year to provide a statewide e-filing system for Texas Civil Courts.  e-filing will be mandatory in Texas for civil cases beginning of the largest counties in January of 2014 and then into other counties over a 2.5 year period. The first pilot Court in Great County went live on TexFile with option of e-filing in late June. We are also pursuing a number of additional e-filing opportunities with current Odyssey clients as well as with courts that do not use Odyssey. With each new eFiling contract, we will incur cost ahead of revenues, which may put short-term pressure on margins, as of the case this year. We believe that these with current transaction based revenue streams will contribute significantly to revenues and margin expansion in coming years. This quarter we signed one new eFiling contract with Reno, Nevada Justice Court. Our updated guidance for 2013 is as follows. We currently expect 2013 revenues to be between $411 million and $416 million. We expect 2013 diluted GAAP earnings per share to be approximately $1.08 to a $1.14 and fully diluted shares for the year are expected to be approximately $34.5 million. We expect 2013 non-GAAP diluted earnings per share to be approximately $1.44 to $1.50. For the year, estimated non-cash share based compensation expense is expected to be approximately $11.5 million. We’re estimating an effective tax rate for 2013 of approximately 40%. We expect that total capital expenditures will be approximately $25.5 million to $26.5 million for the year. Capital expenditures for the year include approximately $17.8 million related to real estate and office facility construction. Total depreciation and amortization is expected to be between $14 million and $14.5 million, including approximately $6.5 million of amortization of acquired intangibles. Now, we’ll take your questions.
John S. Marr Jr.: The run rate on the maintenance right now is a little over $200,000 a quarter, and the difference is on license royalties, and nothing to point out with respect to those new customers with sort of 55 new entities that bought Dynamics in the public sectors through the Microsoft channel. of those 55, the majority of those were upgrades from other Microsoft products about 40 of them were upgrades and about 15 of them were new names. So those upgrades, in most cases, we don’t get a meaningful license royalty at the time of defining, they start getting maintenance royalties, as their maintenance renewals kick in and they jump up. So on a large number of those, there’s not a significant license royalty upfront.Scott R. Berg – Northland Capital Markets: Great, thank you. I’ll jump back in queue.
John S. Marr Jr.: Well, we obviously, just remain opportunistic there. We are very happy with what we have done in the last few years. we’ve certainly raised our standards as we feel we have a portfolio of products in the geographical presence that we wanted to have at this point in our development. So we are more selective with the e-file within that deal EnerGov deal at strategic place are pointing out very nicely in the Infinite Visions deal that few companies associated with that, which represents the majority of our M&A in the last few years are going on very nicely as well. We are not overly aggressive at this point in time. but that’s not to suggest that something even material wouldn’t occur in the future, but currently there really isn’t anything to report on.Dan Moore – CJS Securities, Inc.:  Okay. Thanks for taking the questions and congrats on a very nice quarter.
John S. Marr Jr.: I guess I don’t want to comment too specifically on an individual competitor, other than to say generally that most of our direct competitors are not as strong today as they worked three or five years ago as businesses or as competitive products. And we’re benefiting from that. We’ve discussed before that in 2010 and 2011, this marketplace is pretty tight, many of these companies went through some type of a business combination. and in our case, this cost was taken out or certain investments weren’t increased and we’ve improved our offer in the news areas, and we are satisfied that we’ve gotten good results in terms of a competitive position.Mark W. Schappel – The Benchmark Co. LLC: Thank you. 
John S. Marr Jr.: We currently expect that the Columbus deal will be percentage of completion accounting, and that the Oklahoma deal will be more traditional license recognition over – as the licenses delivered in the services on a combinatorial basis.Raghavan Sarathy – Dougherty & Co. LLC: Okay, thank you.
John S. Marr Jr.: I’m not certain that, Reno is mandated at this point or not. It is a county that uses Odyssey as their court solution, that I’m not certain if it’s mandatory at this point.Brian D. Kinstlinger – Sidoti & Company, LLC: :
John S. Marr Jr.: Okay. International is not at this point a big part of our focus. We do believe that reinforcing the leadership position we’ve achieved domestically in local government, is important and if there would remain some opportunity cost of redirecting the sales channel, the development group, service group in those areas. Having said that Canada, we consider it’s really more North America than domestic, I should say. Canada is an extension to this market and actually there is a fair amount of Canadian activity across our different applications. But beyond that there is some activity, I think there will be some international business on a direct basis, but your question specifically said significant and I don’t think it will be significant in the next few years and I think that’s disciplined, we feel is important to our really expanding leadership position that we’ve worked to attain. The exception to that obviously is Dynamic. So as we mentioned, I think 55 names, this past quarter and are among the 17 or 18 countries, so that by design was a relationship that we created in addition to distributing that product domestically. We’ll get a lot of international exposure that we wouldn’t have gotten on a direct basis.Daniel Cummins – B. Riley & Co.: All right, thank you very much.
John S. Marr Jr.: Okay, thank you and appreciate you joining us on the call today. If there are any further questions feel free to contact Brian and myself. Have a great day.
John S. Marr, Jr.: Well, referenceability is a process. So reference as an installed online client is probably 18 months away for these clients, but I think that the enthusiasm they had for their selection and their support of the kind of best of both worlds approach of Tyler is the leading vertical player in this space and Microsoft is a Tier 1 software company. I think they are referenceable from that respective right now. So we have installed accounts that are online and are referenceable, and then I think to take especially a top 15 City in the country. In Columbus, we did a very thorough search and really can tell that story of having selected kind of the best of both worlds approach will be beneficial even before they are online. Obviously further down the road, it will even be enhanced by that, but will be helpful there. We do not have other awards that we are negotiating in that size range. We do have other small awards back to pipeline, typical smaller or average sized deals. We do have some of those awards that we are working on, but there isn’t a Columbus sized deal award in the contract process at the moment.Brian D. Kinstlinger – Sidoti & Co. LLC:  Thank you so much.
John S. Marr, Jr.: Yes, we do.Nathan Schneiderman – Roth Capital Partners: And then, a final question for you. When you look at total backlog, 20% year-over-year, when you think about the current portion of that to be recognized over the next 12 months, would you say that’s I know you give us specific number at the end of the year. But would you say it’s roughly of that same percent or did you see any, for example, noticeable mix shift toward either current or toward long-term? Thanks very much.
John S. Marr, Jr.: I think in general, there are more larger contracts in there. So, for example, New York is roughly a three-year implementation as the revenues will be recognized and as we’ve talked about, there’s a – subscription component of that backlog grew 39% year-over-year. So the tenure of that backlog should be a little bit longer than it was, say, at the end of last year. So it is a little bit more falling in the long-term section.
John S. Marr, Jr.: I think all of that is baked into the plan, so current projects, if they stay on track. As you saw, we’ve raised the lower end of the range, which suggests that we are tracking towards to the higher end of the range.Daniel Cummins – B. Riley & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
