Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. Our team of professionals, including our new NIC team members, executed at a high level in the first quarter, driving results that surpassed expectations for both Tyler and NIC, and provided a great start to 2021. Exiting 2020, our financial position was stronger than ever, allowing us to continue to pursue strategic acquisitions, including NIC, the largest acquisition in our history with a purchase price of $2.3 billion in cash. We've also been able to continue to invest in and, in some cases, accelerate all of our long-term strategic initiatives, in particular, our shift to a cloud-first approach. As a result, our competitive position has also continued to strengthen. We believe we will continue to see an acceleration of the public sector's move to the cloud, and we are in a great position to support that move. I'm happy to say that we are on track with the strategic investments in optimizing our products for the cloud that we discussed on our fourth quarter call. This quarter, we saw early indicators that our market is beginning to recover as some delayed procurement processes are moving forward and RFP activity is growing from the levels of the second half of 2020. We also expect that the $350 billion of aid to state and local governments under the American Rescue Plan Act will provide a significant measure of relief to budget pressures faced by many of our clients and prospects, and have a positive impact on recovery of our markets. One topic I've not discussed on these calls before pertains to our efforts regarding environmental and social initiatives. Tyler's culture guides our commitment to being a responsible partner in the communities where we live, work and serve our clients. This year marks the 50th anniversary of the Tyler Foundation, which since its creation has provided millions of dollars to charities and causes that positively impact our communities. Our culture is also the foundation for our belief in the importance of providing an inclusive and diverse workplace. We are proud to have been included in the Forbes America's Best Employers for Diversity list for the past 2 consecutive years. The pause in normal office occupancy and business travel due to the pandemic provided an opportunity for us to evaluate our environmental impact across our major office locations and identify opportunities to make our practices more consistent and effective. Last year, we formed an environmental task force to strengthen our sustainability efforts across our office locations and the communities we impact. We achieved a significant milestone last year by responding to Tyler's first invitation to the Dow Jones Sustainability Index survey. More than 3,500 of the world's largest publicly-listed companies provide detailed data and background to this global survey for evaluation by its independent sustainability ranking body. Completing the survey was an important opportunity for Tyler to uncover opportunities to strengthen our core responsibility strategy. We recently published our second annual corporate responsibility report, which is available on our website. This report represents a significant expansion of our reporting on our ESG efforts. And we look forward to continuing our journey and sharing our progress in this area. Finally, this week, we are virtually hosting more than 5,000 clients at Connect 2021, our annual user conference with a theme called Virtually Possible. Team members from across Tyler are providing nearly 700 hours of valuable content for our clients using our advanced virtual event platform. We are excited to be able to connect with so many clients at our virtual event, and we look forward to connecting with them in person at Connect 2022. With that, we'd like to open up the line for Q&A.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Thanks, Matt. That's a good question. I think right now there's still - our clients generally know the money is there. There is still a little bit of uncertainty about how to access it. There is certainly money that's been earmarked for IT modernization efforts. And so, I think what it's done is it's given our clients a little bit more confidence. I don't know that, I would say it necessarily benefits one more than the other. Although one thing that we were noticing last year was in our state business and that - our state business was off quite a bit last year, and there was a little bit of uncertainty around there. As it turns out, a lot of the state budgets were not as impacted as they first thought a year ago. And so, I think the combination of that along with this American Rescue Plan funding is providing a boost in that state area. We're starting to see that with some of the RFPs and things that we knew that were intended to come out that got delayed and we're starting to see some of that. But I'd say, across our entire product lines, I think there is reason for I'd call cautious optimism in what's going on in the markets, and a big part of that is the American Rescue Plan.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, sure, Matt. I'd say a couple of things. As we mentioned in our comments, we're really just now beginning to sort of dig deep into our integration efforts and our strategic initiatives. And in fact, this week, we had the senior executives of both companies meeting face-to-face for the first time, which was exciting, and really start brainstorming. And at a high level, we already know sort of some of the major initiatives that we want to take on. And the good news is there are a lot of initiatives. And one thing that we need to do and be careful about is make sure that we prioritize them, look at some of the low-hanging fruit and look at some of the things that will have the most impact. You mentioned payments. That certainly is one of our largest initiatives. From a technical standpoint, there is still a little bit of work to do there. But NIC is the unquestioned leader in payments in the public sector at the state level, and it's a growing thing for us. What we see there is the ability to leverage our client base and get payments more at the local level and leverage their technical experience to help boost our payments. We talked about other sort of integrations and things. We talked before about their state enterprise contracts, which provide sort of hunting licenses. And in fact, it's those state contracts, which they classify as state enterprise revenues, where they go in and then they sort of - they plant a seed and then they're able to go build additional revenues from there. On their own, this first quarter, those revenues were up 20%, which is pretty exciting. And then, what we start talking about is what kind of products do we have at Tyler that we can really just go in and push there. And I don't think there's a lot of technical integration there that's going to need to be done. But that's another one of our major initiatives that we're looking at right now.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, Scott. We talked about it last year. The expectation really was that, I guess I'd sort of call it the COVID hangover, would bleed into this year, and a lot of it has to do with the fact that our clients' budget cycles are July 1, June 30. And it's a good question. But at the same time, these are the deals that we've signed. And what we're starting to see is, in Q1, for example, we're starting to see more RFPs, we're starting to see more demos, and we're actually - some of the awards that we've gotten in Q1 that are not signed are actually starting to skew even more heavily toward SaaS. We don't normally talk about unsigned awards. We talked last year about how COVID was impacting different parts of our business differently. And we saw a little bit greater impact, say, more on the high-end financials, where Munis is, where a lot of our license sales are. And what we've seen so far in Q1 actually is that the awards that we're getting and the deals that are coming in are skewing at 80-plus percent to SaaS right now. So I think that overall trend that we've talked about is still going on. There's just a little bit of lumpiness and a little bit of hangover still from COVID.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, Rob, that's a good point you make and you're right. We talked about it last year, how, again, the impact of COVID did impact different parts of our business differently. While we had certain areas of our business, I just mentioned the higher-end ERP, schools was an area that was definitely impacted a lot. And our business in schools was off last year. At the same time, I also mentioned last quarter that last year was a record sales year in our courts business. So it's a little bit of a - it's just different across our business. You're right, the American Rescue Plan, I do expect - there are some money that's specifically targeted for K through 12 and higher education. I think there is about $160 million, $170 million targeted for that. And I think what we're starting to see, generally, is just the more receptiveness from our clients in the schools area in terms of getting RFPs out, in terms of talking about deals. There was a - I'd say there was an area last year where it was, I wouldn't say silenced, but it was certainly muted a little bit, and that's certainly coming back.
Lynn Moore: And to your point about ReadySub, you're right. That's a really exciting opportunity for us. It's kind of a small deal. And it's a deal that's not just you want substitute teacher application that can go in. It's also becoming more - that type of application is becoming more and more of a requirement in our ERP space for schools. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, we have over 2,000 school clients. And right now, that application is only in about 20 of them. And it's sort of the same playbook we had several years ago, we did the ExecuTime acquisition. We expect that we're going to be able to grow that product pretty well and it will be great for our inside sales channels as well as new business.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, Keith, they're interactive governance services, which is, as you know, is transaction-based, that was up 16% year-over-year. So in the areas where they're really strategic and growing, they really had a really good solid first quarter.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. No, I know DHR, I'm going off memory here. I believe DHR was up about 4% in the quarter, give or take, which was nice to see, given that I think it was the first time they've actually increased in the quarter and maybe 4 quarters. But, as you know, that revenue is probably more stable. And again, when you look at interactive government services, they're [same store] [ph] enterprise revenues, that's really their growth drivers. And those were up nicely in Q1.
Lynn Moore: I don't know that I could attribute necessarily anything geographic. I would just say, generally, as a whole, we're seeing a lot of positive signs. We talked about on-site awards. We talked about RFPs, particularly in certain areas of our business. Take, for example, in the higher-end financials, our fees are up significantly over Q3 and Q4, even while they're still down from where they would have been pre-pandemic, and so that's an encouraging sign. There were a lot of big deals that we saw maybe in our appraisal space maybe in our state space that we knew these deals, we plan on these deals coming out in 2020. And those got shut down, and we're actually starting to see those getting released. So just generally speaking, it's - there's a lot of encouragement. Again, I wouldn't say we're quite over the hump yet, but let's get another quarter of seeing this activity, but I think there's general optimism. And I think it mirrors what's going on in the country. There should be a reason for optimism as people continue to get vaccinated, as businesses continue to open up, as money continues to start flowing, people start interacting. You're going to see that flow through our business as well.
Lynn Moore: Jonathan, I'd just add there, too, that - I like to look at the trends and look at the markets. And again, there's reason to believe the market is starting to come back. We talked about the Great Recession, but also what's our competitiveness disposition like in that market. And even while in the last 6, 9 months that the markets have been off a little bit, our actual win rates have actually been climbing. And so our competitive position continues to grow. And as we look at bookings, we've talked about this a lot over the years, we have a pretty steady stream, but it's always - there can always be some large skews in various quarters, because we do have parts of our business that get some really large deals. Last year, we were a little concerned about Q2 of last year, because Q2 of 2019, we had, I think, 1 of our largest deals in Tyler's history. And so that's kind of what we're competing against. And those large lumpy - those large deals will always sort of throw off a little bookings number. But when I look back at sort of the underlying thing, what's the market doing, what's our competitive position, what's our win rates, that's all trending in the direction that we'd like to see.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. So I'd say, they're a little bit different, the 2 acquisitions. They're both fairly small. ReadySub like I mentioned earlier, that's probably more like the playbook out of ExecuTime. And that's a - this is cloud-native platform. It's built in AWS. It's actually the founders of former AWS engineers. There's a clear need in that space. This is something that, to your point, we can go out and we can leverage and sell across our base pretty well. I don't know that I've got some good sort of markets for that, but it's an opportunity. And again, it's not just the opportunity of rolling out through our inside sales, but it will also help our competitiveness on new deals in the schools market as it's becoming more and more of a requirement. DataSpec, I would classify it as a little bit more of a consolidation play. They were probably the leader in the veterans' benefits application space. They had 32 state customers. That gives us a lot of credibility so that we can go out as we will eventually probably migrate those customers over to our entellitrak platform, and that just makes us the leader in that space and gives us more credibility as we look to expand in the federal markets as well as the state markets.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, Charlie, if I could just add there, too, I think - yeah, I mean, this is obviously - it's a top priority, right? I mean, it's our largest acquisition of all time. And we talked a little bit about before, and I think Brian mentioned in his remarks, we were in this period from signing and close this regulatory approval period. And you can take all sorts of approaches there, and we tended to take a more conservative approach. And, I'd love to be able to share those numbers with you today. But it was because of that conservative approach, we're just not quite there yet. And the way I view it is we - Tyler very well. You follow us a long time. We're always interested in the long-term. And the thought of even potentially jeopardizing or delaying that deal by getting a few weeks head start on some of the stuff, it just didn't seem worth it. But it is a top priority. I think we'll get those numbers out, as Brian said, in about a month. But we know that it's going to be accretive to earnings. We know it's going to accretive to EBITDA and all the things we mentioned before and the excitements there. And I appreciate if there's even a little bit of frustration, and part of it's just the timing around that we just closed in our earnings releases now. If we closed a month before earnings release, we've probably been ready to do this.
Lynn Moore: I don't think there's necessarily a predisposition towards that. I think we're always opportunistic. And I think, at this point in time, acquisitions, we've done 3. Acquisitions will probably need to be a little more compelling. I'm not suggesting that we're done with acquisitions for the year, I think, I mentioned that on Q1. We talked a lot about NIC, and I said we may not be done for the year, and we did DataSpec and ReadySub. Those were deals that were already in process. And so I would expect that we'll be a little more - we may have a little bit higher bar, going forward, in the short term on that. And as it relates to share repurchases, again, we're opportunistic. We're very comfortable with our debt leverage right now. One of the things I talked about at the last quarter - at the last call was we want to make sure we retain flexibility. And I think we have that flexibility. And our combined cash flow, if we did solely dedicate it to debt, it would be paid off in fairly short order. But I always want to maintain the flexibility to invest in the business when it makes sense to do acquisitions when they make sense and to do share repurchase when they make sense. And we've got that. And so you'll see us pay down that debt in a fairly aggressive manner, but we're going to have that flexibility, and we'll open, we'll always have that flexibility.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, that's right, Brian. As we rollout payments, you're going to see throughout the rest of the year as we get more and more of our solutions online in the payments. We've been doing that work. We started that last year. And as Brian mentioned, really, it's - while it's still small businesses tend to grow fast. And if you look at a 3-year run rate, we're probably at 3 times the revenue as we were 3 years ago. And our Q1 actually out-beat plan, and we were up year-over-year in Q1 in our payments. So that's encouraging to see. And as Brian mentioned, our e-filing revenues are actually getting back closer to pre-pandemic levels. They're getting closer to the 80%, 85%, 90% now levels of pre-pandemic. So that's all very encouraging.
Lynn Moore: Well, I think, that's a good question. I don't know it's - again, it's probably a little early for me to comment on their multiyear growth plans there as we're still doing our integration and getting our arms around 2021. But certainly, their IGS services, their same-state enterprise revenues, those are growing areas for them and those areas that we think we can help complement them and help bring even further growth. So that would be my long-term expectation. I certainly don't have anything more specific in terms of guidance around that right now.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, no, Socrata is performing very well. One of the things that we've really put a focus on really last 18 months or so is more, we call cross-divisional bookings, but we're really pushing Socrata through Tyler's traditional sales channels as opposed to Socrata's traditional sales channels. One of the most exciting opportunities, I think, with NIC as well is the opportunity for Socrata. Socrata had a lot of state and federal customers on their own before they came to Tyler. And with Tyler, we've been focusing on driving that more at the local level. And there's a lot of interest at NIC. I mentioned earlier about our management team's meeting earlier this week. And one of the big topics of conversation was Socrata and the excitement around what they can do and push data insights at all the various state agency levels. And so, I think the outlook there is pretty good. I don't know that I've seen anything specific about a competitor that's anything new or different. Socrata has done a number of things in the pandemic, which has been helpful, but also there's been times we talk about delays. It's also been some issues. Socrata's, I felt the same thing the rest of our business has, and has not grown quite as fast in the last years as we may have anticipated. But the future of Socrata within Tyler and our Connected Communities visions and what we're trying to do, which, again, I don't know that any other company has the ability to do it. It's an important piece of that, and it's something that provides a lot of excitement both within our clients as well as within Tyler. So it's, yeah, it's doing well.
Lynn Moore: Great. Thanks, Brian, for that clarification. And thanks, everybody, for joining us today. We hope you stay safe and healthy. And if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller and myself. Thanks, everybody.
Brian Miller: And I would just add to that on the Rescue Plan that, the CARES Act, the first stimulus, couldn't be used by governments to replace lost revenue. And it was roughly $150 billion for states and just $150 billion for the largest cities and counties. This $350 billion goes much deeper across states and local governments. And there are very few restrictions on what it can be used for. The funding is just now becoming available to governments. Half of it available roughly now within 60 days of when it was passed. And then the other half is available 12 months from now. So we wouldn't have expected to see much impact on customers' purchasing activities and buying decisions yet. But it certainly points to an opportunity as we move through the year to provide significant relief.
Brian Miller: I'd say it's a little bit higher. As Lynn said, we saw these pauses in procurement processes in second quarter of last year, third quarter of last year, even to the fourth quarter of last year, where RFP volumes were down. Our clients were adapting to remote work. We weren't able to do in-person demos and some clients wanted to - it took a little while longer to adapt to doing a lot of those things remotely. So there were these pauses and delays in sales processes, particularly early-stage sales processes last year. And given our normal sales cycles that are 9 months to a year in typical deals, we expect that would show up in bookings now as we move into the fourth quarter, the first quarter of this year, those delays. And so, really our pipeline is still very robust. The RFP activity is picking up. So as we've said all along, it's really a matter of timing. We haven't seen deals go away. We've just seen the timing pushed out, and it's not surprising that it's showing up. And given that more of the deals are skewing toward subscription, it's more evident in the lower subscription bookings than in the license deals.
Brian Miller: Yes, it's really more the latter. The last 2 quarters have been really strong in terms of conversions picking back up again. And I think that's consistent with what we see in the new business market with more and more customers wanting to move to the subscription of the SaaS model. And as we've said, the complications of trying to remotely access some of these systems has certainly risen to the forefront during COVID and increased customers' desires to move on-premises systems into the cloud. And our relationship with AWS, our capacity that we have available through AWS and - is giving us additional ability to push conversions more aggressively into our customer base.
Brian Miller: Yeah, I think part of that is billable travel that runs through revenue and therefore through bookings. Last year, we were still traveling through most of the quarter, so you're going to see part of that. That's probably about $5 million of it. I'd say that, in general, the - as we move more to a cloud business, you typically see a little bit lower level of services with new cloud contracts. But I'd say most of that just goes along with the delays in some of the bookings. So along with - both on the license and subscription side, but no, we have not seen any cancellations. There have been - that's really held true throughout the whole last year. We've not seen any meaningful cancellations, either of contracts that are in progress or of projects in the pipeline, really just delays.
Brian Miller: Yeah, I think, that's definitely true. Typically, you will see the public sector change and evolve more slowly than the private sector. So often those things that - those trends that start in the private sector take a little bit longer to take hold in the public sector. But just like the private sector, our clients have had to move to doing things remotely, and that is, I think, a significant factor in their ongoing preference in new systems for the cloud and in the conversions from on-premise customers accelerating. Courts is a great example where courthouses were physically closed and many of them still remain closed, but courts are an essential function. And so many courts that didn't have the ability to operate their systems remote were just shut down. And we have products, for example, our virtual courts product that we accelerated bringing to market early last year that enabled courts to continue to operate remotely, licensing and permitting functions where clients have old legacy - not our clients, but public sector agencies have old legacy systems that don't allow for remote access. So you don't have people in the office processing building permits and those sorts of things that are slowing down activity. Our systems provide for that remote access, and there's certainly an accelerated interest in those. So I think, yeah, governments will, like the private sector over time look to work more remotely, and also that's a factor with NIC, the ability to interact with government and make payments remotely or online rather than coming to a government office. And as we've talked about their first quarter results, we're certainly seeing that increase in volumes as a result of that trend.
Brian Miller: We're still working through all that process. That's 1 of the reasons we aren't providing the combined guidance at this time. I would say, in general, NIC doesn't have a large deferred revenue balance on their balance sheet. Their business is more transaction-based rather than software-based. But that's certainly 1 of the factors that we're looking at closely as we develop the combined guidance. But they do tend to have less deferred revenue than, say, a pure software company.
Brian Miller: Well, it's hard to tell exactly if it's a low watermark, but we did start to see declining bookings last year in Q2. So I think our comparisons will now be against a - start to compare against pandemic-affected quarters. So really, right now, we're comparing against what was not only the last sort of pre-pandemic or pre-affected quarter, unaffected quarter, but also what was just a very strong quarter with some large deals in it. We do think there would be a catch-up. It's not likely to be sort of a dramatic 1 quarter kind of a catch-up, but the combination of, 1, the fact that these are essential systems and that the pipeline - they remain in the pipeline, the timing has just been pushed out. So, again, we're starting to see that increase in activity, those RFPs starting to pick-up again and some of those deals moving forward. So we do believe there's a catch-up. It is just a matter of timing. As we've said before, we also believe that further down the road, that the - there will be some procurements that will be accelerated that might have been - clients might have thought they had years left in existing legacy systems and the need for remote access, security concerns around some of those legacy systems will be factors that will cause them to rethink that and accelerate the replacement of those systems. They'll still need to go through buying processes. They'll still need to budget those, but we do believe that there'll be a longer-term acceleration, but that the sort of pent-up demand in the current pipeline that there will be an acceleration as that works its way out. And that would be consistent with what we saw in, for example, in the recession a decade ago.
Brian Miller: Well, we've said we'd expect to release it during the quarter. I would expect that to be roughly the end of May, beginning of June. So sometime in the next month or so, we would expect to be in a position to do that. NIC, again, we're working through not only understanding what their current plans are for the year, but really how the integration with Tyler, the ability to start to address some of our strategic initiatives and cross-selling opportunities, and what we think the timing and size of those is and how much of that will go into this year. But they're off to a strong start. As we said, overall, 10% - a little above 10% growth in their core revenues, they actually on the COVID-related revenues, significantly exceeded their plan on those, but we do expect those to wind down and not really be much of a factor after the second quarter. So their growth rate is a bit ahead of ours. And we talked about some of the strengths in their business from taking advantage of the increased desire of individuals and businesses to interact with governments digitally rather than in-person. So generally, they have a positive outlook on the year. And within the next few weeks, we expect to have that combined guidance out and be able to talk more about the plans for working together through this year.
Brian Miller: Yeah, it's probably a little early to comment on that. We really need to dig into the terms of those. Typically, when we've had contracts that are solely transaction-based like our e-filing that are on a per filing basis, they don't go into bookings at the inception. They just go in as those revenues flow through our income statement, because there's not a fixed amount. It's really just our fixed fee e-filing that goes into booking, other than in the case of the Texas renewal. So we'll just have to look closely at the terms of those contracts and see how they line up with how we report. So that's part of what we'll be doing as we move through the detailed integration over the - as we prepare to report for the first time on a combined basis this quarter.
Brian Miller: They are. There's some rebound in e-filing, although, it's not dramatic. I think our e-filing revenues were up sort of mid-single-digits. But as courts open back up, we would expect to see volumes pick back up there in that transaction-based business. That does typically have a payments component. But we've talked about our own payment initiatives over the last few quarters and how we are starting to - with a sort of a newly refined go-to-market strategy. We are trying to push our payments platform into more of our customers, so increase the adoption. And we're certainly seeing increased adoption among their citizens in making payments online. We're adding new customers, and we're bringing in more payment types with those customers that do have our payments platform. So we're still in the early stages within the Tyler business of performing against that strategic objective of significantly increasing our payments business. And we really look forward to seeing how we can use the NIC payments platform and their expertise to help accelerate that. But the business on its own is doing well within Tyler, and it's had really strong growth over the last couple of years. But again, still off a much smaller base than NIC has.
Brian Miller: Yeah, really the ability to use that platform to provide advanced data and analytics capabilities within our existing Tyler core solutions gives us such an advantage over the horizontal competitors that aren't strictly public sector-focused and don't have that deep integration with our core products. So we started with the ERP and the analytics for finance. We've had great success with public safety. It's really created a competitive advantage for us with our New World Public Safety products by adding the Socrata Data and Analytics layers. And now, we're rolling it out with the appraisal and tax, and with the Assessment Connect product that's adding value to our tax. So as Lynn said, really focusing on driving it into our market, both through inside sales and in new sales by adding a Socrata component to new software sales.
Brian Miller: Before we close, I'd like to add one clarification on an earlier question. There was a question about the $25 million decline in software and services bookings in Q1 compared to Q1 of last year. That's not just services, that's a combination of licenses and services. And most of that is related to licenses. Again, we had some large license deals in Q1 of last year. We saw a lower number of Q1 licenses booked this year in Q1. So the major part of that $25 million decline and probably about $20 million of it is in the license side and about $5 million in services, mostly related to billable travel services.
