John S. Marr: Thanks, Brian. Tyler continued to execute at a high level in the third quarter. We achieved double-digit revenue growth for the 28th consecutive quarter. We're pleased that we were able to grow non-GAAP operating income for the quarter, while increasing our R&D spend 44% and absorbing acquisitions that are mostly dilutive this year. Our non-GAAP earnings guidance for the year is unchanged from the second quarter when we adjusted it upward from our initial outlook. Although we have revised our revenue guidance to slightly lower the upper end of the range, we expect organic and total revenue growth to accelerate in the fourth quarter. At the midpoint of our non-GAAP revenue guidance, total revenue growth for the fourth quarter would be approximately 14% and organic revenue growth would be approximately 9%. As Lynn noted earlier, our enterprise products are performing exceptionally well. Revenues for the second half of the year from these products are exceeding expectations with solid double-digit growth from what are some of our more mature products. For our justice products, second half growth is below our plan in part, because we've reduced our outlook for revenues from new initiatives to drive long-term growth. Although these revenues have proven to be less predictable and slower to develop, the market has been very receptive to these offerings and recent activity is encouraging. For re:Search, we have contracts with Texas, Illinois and New Mexico and we signed contracts this quarter with 14 counties in Georgia. The lack of precedents is driving longer than expected timeframes to turn on value-added services for attorneys. For redaction, we signed a three-year contract with Texas this quarter and with pilot project starting in both Texas and New Mexico, we expect to expand across our client base from there. With Modria, we have signed several contracts including major clients like Clark County, Nevada and Los Angeles County, California and have several pilot projects underway. For the lack of precedents for online dispute resolution is resulting in smaller pilot projects than originally expected. Initial results have surpassed client expectations and we expect that these early successes will lead to expanded use and a greater contribution to growth in 2019 as our sales pipeline is strong. We continue to make significant progress with integrating Socrata, now known as our data and insights division. The new Socrata Connected Government Cloud has resonated with the market since its release earlier this year and we've signed seven new contracts for SCGC in the quarter, adding new clients at the federal, state and local levels. We're also successfully cross-selling Socrata through our other Tyler divisions and are building a strong pipeline through other Tyler channels. While investing in product development at a high level, we've also completed two additional acquisitions that add native cloud solutions with important functionality, one in the third quarter and one in early October for a total combined purchase price of approximately $14 million in cash. CaseloadPRO acquired August 31 strengthens the probation and supervision offerings in our justice suite. MobileEyes, acquired October 1, adds valuable solutions for fire protection and inspections. We continue to pursue additional strategic acquisition opportunities to broaden our capabilities, expand our addressable markets, and enhance growth. As we noted earlier, Q3 was a record quarter for cash flow. The strength of our balance sheet and consistency of our cash flow give us a great deal of flexibility to deploy capital and create value. While we did not repurchase our stock in the third quarter, we have since resumed buyback activity and have repurchased approximately 155,000 shares of our common stock in October. We currently have remaining authorization to repurchase 1.8 million shares. Finally, in October, we launched our newly redesigned website, which is easier to navigate and provides a vastly improved visitor experience compared to our previous site. We invite you to visit our website at tylertech.com and explore the new content. Now we'll take your questions.
John S. Marr: Yeah. I think that's a good question. Obviously, there are some areas of softness in the second half of the year that have contributed to little lighter revenues and it's fair to kind of see how that breaks down. What I think is important to reinforce is our core businesses are performing really well. We indicated the enterprise side of the business is actually ahead of plan. And this is a little more mature side of the business, a lot of recurring revenues, a big presence in a large marketplace that flows nicely, in other words, when things move out other things tend to move in. And the business is performing very well and consistently delivering double-digit organic growth. The justice side of the business, the core business is doing well, the competitive position winning important deals. None of those things affected at all and so performing very much in line with what our expectations are, e-file revenues, maintenance revenues, no attrition, all those core fundamentals is right on track. As we've said, our core growth rate would contract if we didn't add anything else over time. We're adding a lot of things. We've talked about Modria and re:Search and redaction and international expansion, and other things adding Socrata and Sage in the inorganic growth initiatives that we have. Those things are going to be more difficult to predict and they're going to show up at different times and contribute. And that is what drives the above double-digit growth organic growth rate. And they're just a little light in the second half of the year. So, I think it's going to be difficult to project those even Public Safety that is new to Tyler and it takes several years literally to kind of Tylerize the whole business model. Well on track, but harder to predict. And so some of the softness from those growth initiatives in the second half of the year. It's important to say though that all of those are being received well in the marketplace. We don't have any question about the traction they're going to receive and we've made progress in terms of – these didn't have business models around – they really didn't have a clear value proposition and those things have all been tested and with early adopters who are being embraced. So, we feel really good about the long-term contribution that these growth initiatives will have and we feel really good that they will provide that incremental growth that consistently has the growth rates where we want them to be, even though the timing of that contribution has been a little short in the second half of this year.
John S. Marr: Yeah. We just don't – we'll always be excited to do great deals that make sense for the company. And we have tended to be a little more aggressive on strategic deals. We're always going to be a disciplined buyer, but obviously, some of these, especially smaller strategics, once they are embraced in our sales channel and in our customer base and if you look out a few years – if you now look back a few years at some of these, obviously, it certainly wouldn't have made sense not to do those deals because they maybe were a little more expensive than what we would've liked. So, you might see us be a little more aggressive on strategic deals that we think there will be a lot of scale and leverage in, but we'll be opportunistic. We can't start 2019 and say we have a particular target for acquisitions. If they're great, we'll do them, we'll have the capacity to do them. And if they're not, we'll be happy to be patient as well. So, it's a fair question, but we never have a quota on acquisitions. We're certainly always actively engaged in the marketplace. We're going to be able to have done a number of deals, obviously, a large deal with Socrata, but a number of smaller tuck-in strategic deals that we think have that kind of scale and leverage in the future in 2018 and we'll just have to see what 2019 brings.
John S. Marr: Just from a percentage, Courts & Justice is right around 20% of our business with the whole suite of products.
John S. Marr: I don't think there's anything – yes, there's nothing really different there, Jonathan. The market's generally steady. It's going to ebb and flow a little bit. But we're not noticing anything different in the demand side of the business. I think on the enterprise side, we think RFP and demand activity will be modestly higher this year than last year. Obviously the justice side of the business is driven by larger deals, so it's harder to compare year-over-year. But it's steady there as well. So we haven't seen any disruption on the demand side.
John S. Marr: It's more of a coordination. We're kind of working through that, but we will continue to maintain separate sales channels. There is a high level of expertise, domain knowledge and relationships that exist in the different channels. So, again, the skillset, the relationships that somebody on the justice side of the business has is going to be very different than somebody selling an enterprise financial system or tax and appraisal solution. So we will keep – I think we've consolidated the channels to the extent we will – we look at it, hey, if you've built this organically from scratch, what would you have? And I don't think you'd have a single sales rep selling a court solution, as well as a tax solution. You'd draw the lines pretty much to where we've evolved. So at this point what's critical is to have sales executives that take the lead. So that while we have several different people with domain expertise in the different areas that are going to talk the language and understand the needs of the different areas of the solution that we certainly appear as a cohesive comprehensive sales channel when we're representing multi-suite solutions. And that's really where the evolution and the changes take place now. So I don't see the channels changing much. I think that the coordination of those and establishing leads that are able to present the solution, negotiate a contract, deliver services in a comprehensive way is where we are in the evolution at this point in time.
John S. Marr: So actually, I think what we need to do is clarify what we said. I don't think we're really seeing a longer sales cycle. So for our core traditional products, I don't think anything's really changed there in terms of the sales process or the cycle. What we're referring to is, it's taking longer for the market to adopt these newer initiatives that we have; Modria, re:Search, redaction these sorts of things. So it's not the traditional sales cycle that we've seen lengthening, it's just these new products that are being embraced by the marketplace and from the value proposition all those things are encouraging, but it's taking a little longer for those adoption rates to go up and to see the revenues come online. So it's really more aligned with the growth initiatives rather than the traditional sales cycle.
John S. Marr: Some of them are CPIs, some of them are just a flat percentage and some of them, the initial engagement is flat for the term of the initial engagement. So it's a competitive marketplace and we negotiate what we can. That's probably the driving reason for what Brian referred to which is a conscious shortening of these initial cycles. So originally as some of the SaaS solutions were newer and even originally we used to kind of capitalize into the relationship the service component. And the markets kind of matured and settled into paying services for the initial deployment and just having the subscription fee before say hosting and product licensing and maintenance. So that's – those things evolving. The shorter cycle with hardly any attrition at all doesn't give anything up for us and it gets us to a point where we can just let the market determine the increases. And as you're indicating not have the inflationary exposure. The three years we're down to what? 3.5 years, 3.4 years or something that's a pretty short period of time and after that for most of these they just go to whatever the appropriate market rate is. So the exposure I think is becoming more and more limited.
John S. Marr: You need to look at the whole customer base too. I think you said you have annualized recurring revenue rates are what, somewhere in the mid-$600 million now. Certainly a high percentage of that, a lot of these thousands of clients have been acquired over many, many years, so the vast majority of that number are people that are on annual contracts. We certainly aren't looking to increase them at any unusual rate, but should there be inflation exposure, there aren't any limitations at all. It's only those contracts from the last few years that are in there and again that's relatively a small percent.
John S. Marr: Yeah. It's predominantly right now Courts & Justice. So those solutions – and it's predominantly English-speaking places, so some in Europe and, obviously, the first deployments have been in Australia. So that continues to kind of be the case. We have a – something's going on in South America, but for the most part it's English-speaking Courts & Justice solutions.
John S. Marr: Okay. Thank you. Appreciate you all joining us on the earnings call today. If there are any further questions, feel free to reach out to Brian, Lynn or myself. Again, thanks for joining us and have a great day.
Brian K. Miller: Those should be both 606 numbers, so everything should be restated for 606. We have a schedule of bookings that's posted on the website, but those should all be restated 606 bookings. It does include adding Socrata into the backlog as well, so that's included in that number, the new number.
Brian K. Miller: I believe that's the case. Socrata's revenues did increase significantly from Q2 to Q3. Although for us really it was only in a month in Q2, so it's a little hard to compare the two months before Tyler to the month after, but generally Socrata revenues are increasing, and also looking at a fairly significant increase in Q4 over Q3.
Brian K. Miller: As you know, the bookings number can be very lumpy in our business. So this quarter and actually last quarter were both quarters where bookings were comprised mostly of a lot of our good volume of our sort of normal bread and butter kinds of deals. But we didn't have any of the mega deals, the deals with contract values of $20 million or $30 million that do occur from time to time. We had a couple of those last year and we have large deals in the pipeline, but their timing is somewhat random and certainly lumpy. So, again, as we have over a long period of time, we remind people to not focus too much on single quarter bookings and that would be the case this time where bookings were below last year's level even when you factor out the impact of change in the term of new subscription deals, bookings were still down a bit. There was a bit of a difficult comp in it. There was a $12 million deal in the last year's second quarter. But generally they were down slightly, but again on the trailing 12-month basis that 17%. Of that, Socrata accounted for a couple percent of that trailing 12-months bookings, so that 17% growth, about two points of that was from Socrata. So still the longer-term trailing bookings support our growth objectives that we've talked about in the sort of north of 10% range. And also to point out that the larger bookings, the big contracts are typically recognized over several years. So the revenue recognition and the bookings are very different. So we put those into backlog and then recognize them over the extended period of time, so the lumpiness has less of an effect on the revenue growth than it does on the bookings growth.
Brian K. Miller: And I wouldn't expect that R&D expense, the gross expense goes backwards next year. But we do believe that as you look out over an extended period of time, over the next several years that we do see leverage over the long term in R&D as we're able to invest – leverage investments across multiple products and ultimately be more efficient about that. So in the near term we're opportunistic, as we are with M&A, on R&D and those two play together as well depending on as we make various build versus buy decisions and how we allocate the capital between R&D and M&A.
Brian K. Miller: I think the sequential pattern would be pretty normal. Q3 is always our biggest quarter, it was a little bit better than I think we would've expected. So I don't think our outlook for the – so some of that may have been, sometime in Q3 versus Q4, but Q4 is also a relatively strong period for cash flows. So I don't think our view for the full year has really changed from what we were seeing prior to this quarter.
Brian K. Miller: And, Tim, even in a deal where there's a three-year agreement, for example, that has a flat fee for that initial term, the economics of the deal would still have the annual increases built into those, but the payment is just an average payment. So even though optically it may look like there's no growth from those revenues over three years, the economics still have built in increases in it. But we do want to, as John said, limit the long-term exposure to fixed contracts and give us the flexibility with pricing and cost change.
Brian K. Miller: And virtually all of our maintenance agreements are annual agreements. It's rare that we have multi-year maintenance agreements.
H. Lynn Moore: Well, I think our expectations are still strong in Public Safety. As I think we mentioned in the comments, the second half and Q4 in particular has a large number of new clients. I think about half of their new licenses are really scheduled to be signed in Q4. I think overall in 2018, licenses in Public Safety are looking to be up around 25%, 30%, new names are up maybe 10% to 12%, and really the deal size is growing as well. I think the average size deal year-over-year is up in the 55%, 60%. So overall, I think what's going on at Public Safety is good. We just had – they just had their largest user conference, the IACP. Our new products are showing well. The integrations that we're showing with Socrata, there's a lot of excitement around what we can do with the Socrata Public Safety analytics. So generally speaking, it's the trends there are still looking good.
H. Lynn Moore: I'd say right now it's right in line with expectations. There is a lot of excitement, I think internally in Tyler and as well in the market. I think I mentioned in the call last quarter, one thing that we've been doing is we've been looking at opportunities within Tyler and we've been working on product roadmaps for each division and how Socrata is really going to integrate with each of the different divisions. And so we're still finalizing those and prioritizing those. I think we're looking to hopefully come out with some new products in the very near term and show some new stuff at the Connect user conference next year.
H. Lynn Moore: When you look at new assumptions for growth, I think as John said these – they've got a lot of really good growth initiatives. These initiatives are being tested in the market. They're well received. The fact that there was a little bit of some delay in proving out the model, you look for example at re:Search Illinois. This was a deal that we went in the year expecting that that was going to fire up really towards the middle of the year and that thing has been pushed back, but not due to any other issues just in the fact that it's a new model out there and it just hasn't gone live yet. And so in terms of assumptions for growth going forward, we believe these initiatives are going to kick in and start contributing in the future in 2019, 2020. I would expect that C&J will continue to contribute at a pretty meaningful level and have growth kick back up into the 9%, 10%, 11%, 12% range over the next couple of years.
H. Lynn Moore: Yeah. Alex, I think we know what you're talking about. I think we've seen it even beyond this deal. Other deals, we've seen some PD firms coming into the space, I think sort of recognizing the value of the long-term recurring revenue streams. We're obviously very familiar with those assets. The Superion assets I think had been in the market now three different times in 12 years. The TriTech assets have now been in the market twice in four years. It's a little bit early. Typically, we know the private equity playbook. It's a little bit different than ours. They generally look for more of an exit in the near term, while we're looking more long-term. Obviously, this is a different type of deal, because these two firms were merging. But typically they leverage the assets pretty strong. They look for synergies. which is code for cost cutting, which can sometimes lead to a little bit of disruption in the market, both with their employees and some of the customers. We probably – we've heard a little bit anecdotally about some of that disruption. But that's about it right now. We haven't really seen any meaningful impact in the market. And other than that, we typically don't comment too much on what our competitors are doing.
H. Lynn Moore: Well, Jonathan, I think it's – we're talking about initiatives that are really changing the way some courts are doing business. There is a little bit of education. There's a little bit of decision-making (38:34). When you look at something like Modria for example, we're taking a similar approach with Modria that we did with e-filing, which is we need to get in there, we need to get some pilots going. Then we need – then the courts adopt that. They go to more of a permissive approach. And then ultimately to a mandatory approach. Same thing with re:Search. We've got some pilots out there. The reception is good. But some of these things just take some time. It's part of a function of the market we're in. The things move slowly in our market. But certainly the excitement and the energy is out there. We've got active pilots out there. We've got active interests. We've got projects going on. So it's just a little bit of a function of time.
H. Lynn Moore: Yeah, Rob, I think where we are with R&D right now is, as we've noted before, we've got a lot of projects going on. They're spanning the entire portfolio of our products. We're pleased with where that development is. As you know, it takes time. Once we start that development, it takes time to get the products out, get them into RFPs, get them showing. So we're pleased with the progress of where they are today and what we think they'll drive down the road. As we look out going farther, as you know, we have done some acquisitions. Typically what we do with acquisitions is we bring them in and we actually invest in them. We've got a pretty good history of that. We talked earlier about some deals in the comments about ExecuTime. That's an acquisition we bought a couple years ago. We took a very deliberate approach to investing in it. And here we are a couple years later, and it's starting to really contribute. We've made some significant acquisitions this year, obviously Socrata. We're not – we're just now beginning the planning phase for 2019, but when we make an acquisition like Socrata, and we think where there's leverage across our base, it's likely we'll be making some significant investments there. But the amount and the timing of those we haven't worked out yet.
