Lynn Moore: Yeah, I don't have the percentage growth in government budgets at my fingertips, but the backdrop is strong. I would say that one of the -- obviously in public, in the local government, one of the biggest revenue streams is property taxes. Often that accounts for more than half of their budget and generally property values remain strong, real estate markets are strong, so there's not a lot of pressure there. So the overall environmental environment backdrop is strong and I would say that doesn't really include a lot of uplift from federal stimulus yet. We've seen, handful of deals this last quarter that were specifically identified as coming from or being funded with stimulus money. There's certainly some indirect funding that may not be used directly for a Tyler purchase that relieves pressures elsewhere in the budget and frees up funds for money they'd like to spend with Tyler. But in our view, the vast majority of the stimulus money has not yet been spent or even committed yet. With the Cares Act money they have until or the American Rescue plan money they've got until the end of 2024 to spend it and I think many governments are still in the very early stages of figuring out where they're going to spend that.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. The combination of the bubble costs, which are the incremental SaaS costs and the shift in the new mix is a combination of about $28 million to $30 million of impact on the op line on the revenue line and op related to the mix shift it's probably in the low teens, $12 million to $15 million of revenue impact from the increasing shift towards more SaaS.
Lynn Moore: I'll take the first part of that? No, there were not any deals this quarter that had a total contract value of more than $5 million. Our largest one was a little under $4.5 million. We had a lot of deals in the, the $1 million to $3 million range, but no, none of those mega deals this quarter and we did in the fourth quarter of last year as we pointed out.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I think, that's fair. I also, going back to the NIC strategy, I remember a year and a half ago when I was talking with the business leaders about this deal, I said, show me why this deal is good for Tyler, but also show me why Tyler's good for NIC, and I just gave the example of the vintage in Arkansas deal, but I also gave examples in my prepared remarks about how D&I really was a significant contributor in getting South Carolina in a very competitive rebid against Deloitte and also an early extension of this Texas payments contracts. So that's an example where we provided value to NIC really out of the gate. I do think as we continue, you talk about payments yes, like you look at the State of Florida, we're going to help expand that payments revenue by having that hunting license and going through our local contact. We put our payments teams together and today I generally just consider it Tyler, it's one payments organization. I don't really distinguish between NIC and Tyler anymore, but certainly they were much more mature. They were the payments leader and, and I think we're helping there as well.
Lynn Moore: I'd say generally pretty much in line with our X expectations. One of the things, we've talked about the recovery in the market that over the last year, we've consistently talked about activity, sort of leading indicators of activity in the market. The number of RFPs we're seeing, the number of sales demos we're doing, those things continuing to rebound and trend back towards and in many cases above pre COVID levels. But you have to keep in mind that our sales cycles are long and it's not uncommon that a deal from the time that process really gets started to the time we sign a contract can be a year, year and a half. So there's a lag between a lot of the time that activity starts to, to ramp up and the time it shows up in booking. So generally we're pretty pleased. There's always some deals that fly out of the quarter, but nothing really terribly unusual this quarter. And the progress in the booking is I think in line with our expectations given that activity we've seen over the last few quarters.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, that's sort of still depends a little bit by product. So new customers in our ERP side particularly in our civic and our powered by Munis, those new customers are going to be going in AWS, but you have to remember, we're still in the process of getting all of our core applications into a cloud efficient state. So, even the new customers that we sign that going to AWS, we're not going to be experiencing the higher margin that we will be, as soon as we get these products more efficient in the cloud.
Lynn Moore: Yeah I'll start Scott. I think you'll see throughout the year our margin will increase some throughout the year and as we are losing some of those COVID revenues in some of the areas, I believe it's in South Carolina and Nevada our role in those COVID revenues has changed from a prime to a sub. So while those revenues drop off the margins actually get a little bit better. And so I think really at a high level NIC's contribution is somewhat consistent with Tyler's overall margin for next year.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I think Scott, I'd add that, we've communicated to the Munis client base the direction and you're going to see more around this in, I think it's April when we have our Tyler user conference connect, you're going to see a significant, more focus on our shift to the cloud and the expectation really and the messaging is really, is that pretty much almost all new business up to that end will be going into the cloud. And as Brian mentioned, it was already over 90% in Q4 last year, which, if you go back three years ago, it had just gotten to 50-50. So it's been moving in that direction for some time.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, well, I think you're right. It's funny. I was, I talk sometimes in my personal life about the last couple years in COVID and sometimes I sort of call them as quote, the lost years and I try to -- I was trying to remember how things happened and I almost put everything in reference to, well, it was pre COVID or post COVID. But what I was thinking about this the other day, but at Tyler, these haven't been lost years. We've been working hard and we've been investing and we knew that this market was going to be rebounding. And we talked about it as COVID started about, we went back to the great recession and we had that great big boost out of coming outta the great recession. And we were anticipating this and we planned for it, we invested in it and at the same time made our investments into the cloud, and I think seeing the market return, yes, the stimulus money's out there. I think the local state and local government budgets are very robust. I think we're in our competitive position across all our products is an all-time high. We are at the point now where I'm starting to see the coming out of the other side of the SaaS transition. It's not happening tomorrow. It's not happening in the next couple of quarters, but my reference to what's going on at for example, up at Munis and we see the uplift that's coming from that. And so that's the stuff that gives me confidence. The acquisitions that we're doing, the cross selling that's going on, the interactions that's going on with our teams, one thing we've been focused on really a lot in the last few years is an idea that I call one Tyler and that's it's, it's not where our enterprise group and we're all together, and we're all pushing in the same direction and there's opportunities that we need to start tapping into more and more, and we're starting to see this in deals and we've done it very successfully for a long time. But as I say, our greatest assets are customer base. It doesn't take years to develop. It takes decades to develop and the opportunities we have there with our new products, as we move to SaaS, as we continue to do acquisitions things like vend engine USC direct, there's just -- there's so many opportunities out there and I just like where we sit right now, and as you can tell, I get a little excited. I think a year ago, I was talking about cautious optimism, and then I was talking about tempered excitement. And I think right now, I'm just flat out excited about the future. We're going to have a -- we're going to see some ripples for our financials over the next two years as the SaaS transition goes on, but we're making significant progress and we know where we're going to be on the other side.
Lynn Moore: I'll start, I'll let Brian jump in. I think, margins will trough may be the right word or sort of balance out at this level through 2023. And I think you'll start to see the uplift coming out of there. On your question around subscriptions and the uplift of course, embedded in our subscription line is also transaction based revenues. Those, will grow not at the same rate as some of our subscriptions, which is just coming in with our SaaS contracts. We talked about on the call, we've grown in double digits 56 quarters out of 64 quarters. We've been consistently at 20% plus. And I think as we make the transition and start coming out on the other side, I think you'll start seeing that. We talked about a few milestones in my prepared comments. One of the things that's also exciting me when I look at our mix of recurring revenue versus where it was five years ago, and you talk about our growth, it took us from 1998 to 2019 to get to a billion dollars in total revenues. And in 2022, I think we're going to do right at about a billion dollars in subscriptions alone. That's part of the excitement that I see and I see that continuing to grow at a pretty healthy clip in the near future.
Lynn Moore: No, that's a good question, Brent. I think, you actually, you asked a number of questions in there. I'll try to get to the ones I recall, if I'd missed one, just come back to at me. The sales side will vary a little bit with payments and some of that will be dependent upon the customer and payments, there's a number of things that can impact that the current providers that our clients might be using is one. But you're right. It is one of our larger opportunities and payments while we've got some great new ground with NIC and for example, the Florida contract and going locally, it's one of the focuses and emphasis, for example, we talked, there's been a lot of questions about what's going on with Munis on this call. It's considered to be one of their primary key growth drivers in the next few years is payments. And there's a significant amount of dedicated resources that are focused on that. And going back into that installed channel. So you're exactly right there. What we bring with NIC in terms of payments and our now more complete solution I think is something that's pretty important. One thing that we had really built out was electronic bill presentment and payment, and that's a very, very big differentiator in the market. And it's something that NIC was not as strong at and obviously they were very strong with their payment engine and gateway stuff, things that we needed to build. I think we've talked before where we both brought strengths here. We've got the ability through our connections with our proprietary products, either you be in tax collections, and we've got those relationships and we can start going to drive those sales. And so, you're right. It's one of our larger strategic initiatives. It's getting a lot of attention and focus. I mentioned how we just recently reorganized the internally the payments organization bringing, 45 payment org resources within Tyler and getting them aligned with the NIC resources working on go to market strategies looking at the size of the market, and so it's something that we are, I can assure you we're actively pursuing.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I think it's the latter right now. And there are certain parts of our business where payments will be a bigger focus. It obviously trickles through a lot of our different core applications. We'll be focusing on certain ones more out of the gate and as we continue to capitalize on that opportunity, we'll continue to expand.
Lynn Moore: Sure. I'll, start, M&A is part of our history. It's something we've done since 1998. I think we've done 50 acquisitions over the 23 plus years I've been here and it's something that we continually look at. We have done a, a fair number. We did five last year. We just closed another one. Excuse me, those take significant amount of internal resources. But I think as we look forward we're going to continue to look at opportunities and when we find something compelling and that's strategic, we're going to execute on it. I mentioned last year, obviously the NIC deal and I've made my comments where there were some other deals in the pipeline. USC directs a good example. This was something that was not in the pipeline last year. We talked about a little at higher bar. I think we probably had a little bit higher bar right now. But I'm also comfortable with where we sit with our balance sheet in our debt. We paid down $395 million last year. Our net leverage is right around two give or take a little bit. So in my view, we're in a position to execute on any strategic initiative and if it's a compelling M&A opportunity we're going to do it.
Lynn Moore: Well, I think the biggest success story, well, I could probably talk for another hour. I think the biggest success story has been bringing in their team and seeing how their team aligns with our team and seeing our teams work together, executing on our out of the gate strategy in 2021, them continuing to deliver on their business while we also sat and outlined a number of strategic initiatives which are pretty wide and diverse across Tyler. We talked about it on this call, a couple of deals that were really joint deals that we're -- that may not have happened. Or certainly the timing of it may not have happened had we not been together the vend engine deal, great example the extension of Tyler -- of Texas payments by three years because of D&I, huge success story beating in a very, very competitive rebid in South Carolina, which is a $10 million ARR client and beating out them and using Tyler and the story of Tyler and D&I involved in that. Those are all success stories, and I almost get to the point it's you're almost asking me who's my favorite kid. There's a lot of them out there.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Gary. And thanks everybody for joining us today. We hope you stay safe and healthy, and if you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Brian Miller or myself. Thanks everybody.
Brian Miller: Yeah. I'd say it's and that's a combination of two numbers because you've got the -- when you're just talking about new business activity, it's, more in the $17 million to $18 million hit on the short term. At the same time, we are doing flips which gets some immediate impact offsetting some maintenance loss. But if you're talking about just the new business revenue growth, it's more in the $17 million, $18 million. When you offset flips, it comes down a little bit lower but there's also a cost that's associated with flips. Typically when we do a flip, we provide some services that we don't bill and that also creates some short term pressure on the margins that will not be there in the future.
Brian Miller: Yeah. I think I'd add, you talking about the cross selling, that's one of our largest opportunities in our core applications and every time we do acquisitions, it's real exciting to see the things that are going on within IC right now in our other divisions. One of the things that we didn't point out in our prepared comments was a very specific deal of the nine that we talked about. And this was a deal that NIC helped using their state enterprise contracts, state contacts with the State of Arkansas where we got a vend engine deal where vend engine is going to be handling all the online and phone bank deposits in the state-wide corrections contract. That's about $800,000 in ARR and what's I think what's particularly exciting for me is NIC is a company that we acquired in April and VendEngine is a company that we acquired in September and in the first quarter those two teams got together as part, we've talked in the past about some of the efforts we were doing around sales and education, and we're able to already get a deal of this size. I think it's an example of the tip iceberg of where we can go. Not only with NIC, but all the other acquisitions that we do for strategic purposes and again, it's pretty exciting.
Brian Miller: And of the nine combined sell through deals this quarter, one of them was a payments deal with NIC payments with a Tyler local government client in Louisiana.
Brian Miller: Yeah, I think the ERP demand is like everything else and across the company. I talked earlier about, demos are, are at all time, high, RFPs are up. The number of deals that we're signing particularly at our enterprise platform is approaching really pre-pandemic levels. At the lower end at our, at our ERP pro, our win rates are at all-time highs. The growth is really is really good. It has been really for, it's been good for the last several quarters and really the last year and a half or two years. So I think the demand is still pretty robust out there.
Brian Miller: Oh, I'd say that it's pretty consistent throughout the year. We'd expect that impact to continue on through the year.
Brian Miller: We do not guide the cash flow. We give a lot of in the press release. There's a lot of information around depreciation, amortization capitalization that can help you get to that number, but we don't specifically guide to cash flow.
Brian Miller: I was just going to say, yeah, the second half margins do step up from the first half as the NIC COVID revenues decline, but in general NIC's revenues or margins in 2022 are fairly close to in line with Tyler's.
Brian Miller: And your question about the AWS transition costs, I guess what we refer to as the bubble costs or those incremental SaaS transition costs in 2022 will be in the $16 million to $18 million range. So, somewhere around 90 basis points of operating margin impact.
Brian Miller: Yes, they are. That is the one of the bigger drivers of those revenue streams, which are a significant part of NIC's transaction revenues in many states. And one of the drivers of that is new car sales which trigger a insurance event. And so those have been affected in recent quarters by the slowness in new car sales as a result of supply chain issues.
