Lynn Moore: Thank you, Brian. Our second quarter results were strong in terms of revenues earnings and cash flows. Total GAAP revenues grew just over 13% and non-GAAP revenues grew almost 14%, of which 12% was organic and 2% was contributed by the Socrata and Sage acquisitions. Both software licensing subscription revenues were particularly solid in the quarter. Software licenses and royalties were $22 million, up 16% and subscription revenues grew 31% to $53 million. Total recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions grew 15% and comprised 63% of total revenue. From a new contract mix perspective, the number of subscription arrangements in our new business mix was once again greater than traditional license deals. However, the total contract value added for new license arrangements was higher than the value of SaaS deals. Bookings this quarter were solid at $262 million. We had somewhat difficult comparison of a record bookings in the second quarter of last year, which included the $35 million Cook County, Odyssey deal. As such, bookings were down 8%. However, bookings grew 34% sequentially over the first quarter of 2018. It was a particularly successful quarter for new business for our Public Safety division. Our largest new license deals for the quarter or contract with Summit County, Ohio for our New World Public Safety and Brazos Solutions and one with San Bernardino County, California for Eagle Recorder Solution each valued at approximately $3.3 million. Summit County selected our Enterprise CAD, Enterprise Record Management System, mobile and other solutions to manage the complex consolidation of 14 law enforcement agencies, 12 fire departments and six public safety entering points in the county. This is the largest New World Public Safety contract signed this decade. Other significant on-premises public safety deals signed during the quarter, each with a total contract valued at $1 million or more including contracts with the Wyoming Highway Petrol for the full suite of our New World Public Safety and Brazos Solutions and Elk County Pennsylvania for our New World Public Safety Solution. Significant license contracts for our newest ERP solution included the city of Irving, Texas which is the 12th largest city in the state and among the 100 largest cities in the nation, as well as the Emerald Coast Utilities Authority, the largest water, wastewater and sanitation service utility in Northwest Florida. Significant new SaaS contracts in the quarter included multi-suite deals for our newest [ph] solutions with Walton County and the City of Weston both located in Florida, as well as Glenwood Springs, Colorado; Ontario County, New York and Glynn County, Georgia for our newest ERP solution; the cities of Atlanta, Georgia and Coire Gabhail, Florida for our EnerGov solution and the Choctaw Nation in Oklahoma for our Odyssey Courts & Justice solution. Our Courts & Justice division also added the State of New Mexico as its third client for research as a complement to the existing e-filing arrangements. We were also very pleased with bookings for Socrata, which had its best bookings quarter in two years. Socrata’s SaaS bookings came in well ahead of plan, reflecting that clients are adopting the new Socrata Connected Government Cloud and are signing longer contracts. Notable new Socrata clients include the State of Texas Department of Information Resources and Pinellas County, Florida, each of which signed five-year contracts. And the California Office of Emergency Services. Now I’d Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and update our annual guidance for 2018.
Lynn Moore: Well, in the short term, an increased mix of subscriptions obviously puts pressure on organic growth because we don’t get the upfront license revenue recognition. So, that does gives us a little bit of headwind there. We do expect that overtime that subscriptions were increase as a percentage of our revenue mix, but as you see in the past they can be very lumpy from quarter-to-quarter. So, we’re pleased that we continue to grow both sides of the business both the license and the subscription side and we’re happy to acquire new customers whichever way they want to come to us and we certainly manage the ups and downs in the short-term organic growth as we continue to build that overall backlog.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, sure Alex, I think the high bookings is a function as much of the strategic pivot that they did a couple of years ago and really the release of the Socrata Connected Government Cloud that pivot, they -- originally Socrata was more of an open data company. The pivot to move and internal data sharing, the release of that. Certainly, joining Tyler brought some enthusiasm, I think brought some stability. And so, I think that was helpful, but these were deals that were likely somewhat in the queue ahead of time, I don’t know that we had a major impact on them other than like I said bringing the stability, the Tyler name and the vision for what they had already created and what we’re going to do together. You’re right on integration with Tyler products. It’s something we’re focused on right now. In the near-term, we’re really focused on probably some of the what I would call more low-hanging fruits, some of the connectors to our products. In July, we released a product called Open Finance, which was in conjunction with Munis and that’s already been well received. I’d expect a few more of those products to come out probably in the next quarter.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, sure Alex. We had -- some accounting was the largest deal as I mentioned earlier, largest deal in certainly, probably last 10 years for New World Public Safety. I think it’s really response to our investments and all the work that we’ve been doing in the last 2.5 years since we’ve acquired them. We’ve made significant investments in their CAD, in their RMS, Mobility just got released this year. All of those were key in some accounting deal, as well as the Wyoming Highway Patrol deal that I mentioned earlier. Those were big license deals, some accounting was about a $2 million license, Wyoming Highway was about a $750,000 license. So, I think it’s just the reception to what we’ve been doing and what we -- what I think we do really well which is develop our own products, get out there and we’re doing a really good job selling. The pipeline for the rest of the year looks good. You are correct, there is -- it tends to be more heavily weighted in Q4. There is a number of deals that we’re chasing that we’re going to have to close and it’s always a little bit of herding cats at the end of the year, but we like what we see in the pipeline for New World Public Safety.
Lynn Moore: Yeah. Over the last year or so, we have changed sort of our standard terms for new SaaS deals, generally those are now initial three-year contracts. In the past five years it was more of the standard and sometime back seven years was we even frequently had. We prefer to have a little bit shorter initial term contracts to give us flexibility with pricing down the road to respond to potential changes in costs and changes in the customers’ operations. And you see that in this quarter where the average term of a new SaaS deal moved down from I think 5.2 years last year to 4.2 years, this year. So, that does have some optical effect on total bookings in backlog because you’ve got a smaller initial total agreement coming into the backlog. But because we continue to see very, very high customer attention, the same or if not higher in our SaaS customers is our on-prem customers, we don’t believe we need to push for very long initial terms but prefer to keep those three-year standards on new deals.
Lynn Moore: Well, these are kind of ongoing projects, they don’t necessarily have beginnings and ends. Some of them are new products, but most of them are incremental investments or I guess elevated investments in some of our core products. So, even something like an EAM that we spoke of, obviously is a new product that the teams created, but the team will largely stay in place and we'll continue to invest in the technology and the functionality of that application going forward. The early release is kind of probably the first three releases will take that to independently competitive position. Elevated investments and things like GAO, and New World Public Safety research are kind of significant projects that are at a high level and maybe back off at some point in the future. But there is a lot of just small incremental investments and things like executive time and the core products, technology and functionality certainly Sage and Socrata will have incremental investments in their integration and into our broader systems. So, basically, we look at it as having added a lot of heads to different products that we felt could be impactful to our competitive position and catalyst of future growth and we’re starting to see that. We had even marginal bends upward in our growth rate are encouraging to us and we feel are sustainable and that we can grow on those incrementally. But, you won’t see a reduction in these heads, these are not a temporary thing. This is really probably pulling forwards heads from two or three years out into the current spend to take advantage of those opportunities in the marketplace and we'll go into them and then we will see our R&D grow at a lower rate than our overall spend and kind of grow back into it is the way I'd encourage you to think about it.
Lynn Moore: Win rates, it improves quickly as you know and probably quicker than we could have expected, and our real focus was on, this is sustainable, and it has been - so their win rates are pretty good. They can pick up further, But, I think the broader growth for them, they had a leadership position. I don't know I am not sure it's a narrow segment of the marketplace, but certainly not, the entire marketplace or as a significant size. So, geographically and more importantly the size of the clients is, broadening that addressable markets base and applying what is now a good win rate against a broader marketplace. I think we will see the growth over the coming few years.
Lynn Moore: Yes, sure. I think it's a little bit of both. I don’t think it was targeted in a one specific geographic area. It was also a combination of a couple of the deals signing out for a longer time. I think I have mentioned that there were some couple of five-year terms involved. It's really a function of the work they have been putting in the last couple of years into this Socrata -- it’s across the board, it was both number of deals, size of deals, term of deals, nothing one think specifics, Scott.
Lynn Moore: I think it’s just government market, local government markets slower to embrace these changes. So, for years we were – our migration was slower than the commercial market you might fall. The comfort level with this is growing, the awareness of it has grown and they are just embracing. The question earlier on the impact on growth really it’s been if we could design the migration by from a timing standpoint this has been a really good one, right we had pretty good reception 10 years ago, 12 years ago when we launch this, it's slowly and incrementally build therefore the cannibalization of licenses in the profitable business model we have has been slow enough to not overly impact that and seeing this continue to slow grow is really work well for our model and that’s what we see going forward. Geographic or even across products, I don’t think there is anything – it’s pretty consistent. I think in recent quarters maybe over the last year we have reported that we have seen more larger contracts in this area, early on it was more of a mid-range kind of play and we have seen more of the large clients move to a SaaS model, so that seems to be if there is any change it’s on the high end.
Lynn Moore: Yes, Tim, I think Socrata historically has been focused on what they call the go 500 which is the sort of the larger tier local governments and state and fed. I think you’re going to continue to see some of that, I think some of what Tyler brings is our client base, so you’re going to see a little bit more mix as we push this out throughout our client base, but I think you’re going to continue to see a good mix of that, this quarter not only did they have the Texas DIR which I mentioned the City of California emergency services, they also did a smaller dealer with the U.S. Department of Agriculture. They are playing in all kinds of different markets, and we're excited about are the markets that we're going to bring to them.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, I guess I would say, we're going to continue to be focused on the things that we do well. What we really liked about Socrata was the complementary nature to Tyler's business. As you say, a little bit out of our wheelhouse, but at the same time really a glove and hand compliment. The vision that we have and where we're taking the company towards the connected communities vision is something that Socrata fit just perfectly with. We look at acquisitions regularly, we look at all types of acquisitions. I don't know that I would expect us to do something significantly outside of our current wheelhouse. And again, I would consider Socrata a little bit different. It really it was a good complement and part of our overall strategic growth.
Lynn Moore: Socrata, their products not really sold through RFP. They do a good job selling, that's what we're going to do. We've only had them 60-90 days now. What we expect to do is we expect to be able to push this through our customer base and then they're going to continue with their sales force and continue to do things that they have been doing. So, I'm not sure win rates are as appropriate as more as just there is just going to be continuing to add on sales.
Lynn Moore: Yeah, sure. Both of those deals were highly competitive. Summit County had been out for a long time, it's a deal we have been chasing, certainly a larger deal as I mentioned earlier, large contracts that ever signed. I think to John's comments, it's an example of them also expanding their addressable market. TriTech was involved in the Wyoming deal that we won recently. Off the top of my head I'm not sure who the players were in the Summit County, but it was very competitive.
Lynn Moore: I think generally, their portfolio is made up of one-year contracts. I think it's still little bit early, we're actually encouraged by some people winning longer-term. I think it helps proved the stability of the product and what it can do strategically for our clients. But typically, they're one-year contracts.
Lynn Moore: Sure Brent. I'd expect Tyler sales to start occurring this quarter like I mentioned earlier. We've released a product called Open Finance, which was in conjunction with Socrata and that released July 1. We're currently working on those integration plans, we're both on a product standpoint and a sales standpoint. It's going to take a little work internally. But I believe those sales will start coming in this quarter and certainly in Q4 and continue to build as we get into next year.
Lynn Moore: And Mark as it as it relates to Modria. There is a lot of excitement in the market about that. I kind of view similar to e-filing in that, in the sense that e-filing was something that came along and started fundamentally transforming the way courts operate. And I think Modria has that potential down the road. But you mentioned Clark County, that's one of our greatest partners with C&J, they are initially filing client. They did just finish a pilot project out there in three courts. It was a parenting plan contract and parenting plan courts where they that's really divorces children. And by all accounts at 8 was very well received, we had certain out or over 50% of litigants use the Modria solution and the numbers are used the Modria solution for a full outcome was high for approximately almost half. The other ones that used it to certainly will down the issues to where a quarter, a mediator only had to decide on a few issues that was also high approaching that same number. So, the excitement still seems to be there. But it is a change in the way course to business. So, it will probably start slow, but momentum is starting to build, and I would expect to see continued revenue growth at a Modria in 2019.
John Marr: Thanks, Brian. Our second quarter results again met or exceeded our expectations by most measures. We again achieved solid double-digit revenue growth, even in subscriptions made up a higher percentage of new software contracts. And this was our 27th consecutive quarter of double-digit revenue growth. We're pleased that we've been able to grow earnings significantly while we're funded major incremental, R&D initiatives and absorbed in acquisition that is dilutive in the short-term. As we previously discussed, we significantly increased our R&D spend over the last two years with the number of projects across the company. We continue to be pleased with the progress on these initiatives and while there is near-term pressure on margins from the higher spend, we're confident that these investments are smart, and we'll produce solid returns and further strengthen our competitive position. We believe the investments we're making in our New World Public Safety solutions are starting to affect decisions in the marketplace. And we're factor in new business this quarter. Including meaningful wins in Summit County, Ohio, in the Wyoming highway patrol In Q2, we also launched our Tyler EAM product. This enterprise asset maintenance solution provides a complete view of an organization's assets from procurement to maintenance to retirement, as well as citizen engagement and represents a major R&D effort to expand our product offering. As we approach the 90-day mark since the acquisition of Socrata and Sage on April 30th. We remain enthusiastic about these most recent additions and continue to be impressed with the talent and passion of their teams that now part of Tyler. Integration of their operations as well as their products and services is well underway and the results in Q2 met or exceeded our expectations. Just a few weeks ago, Tyler announced the launch of Socrata Connected Government Cloud, a revolutionary approach to internal data sharing. This solution will empower government workers to access a single source of data and securely share analysis, visualizations and performance measures across multiple departments and programs. Considering our year-to-date performance together with our current positive outlook for the second half of the year we revised upward our full year earnings guidance. We’re pleased that our outlook has strengthened even after considering the dilutive impact of our second quarter acquisitions. Steven, we’ll take questions.
John Marr: I don’t think – we have talked in the past that the 08, 09 economic issues were deep enough to affect us, but it’s rare, I don’t know that economic issues we could say are – to much of what’s going on with us. The market is good, it’s a little lumpy right now a couple segments were a little late on RFPs and in that kind of leading indicators, but others were very strong and so across the board it's pretty good and our general outlook is positive there was some lumpiness on the internal numbers inside, but again generally, it’s pretty strong, but probably not impacted by economic issues at this point.
John Marr: Yeah, it's a big segment here so I think their high end direct sales some of those maybe longer, it’s a newer product, it’s a newer concept, it’s typically not something that replacing are done, it’s a new initiative, so they could be longer, but I think as we go into and move into the traditional Tyler clients, a lot of that will be true, our insight sales channel and into our existing customer base and I think those will generally be non-competitive, non-RFP deals that will go through our insight sales channel and I would think that'd be shorter processes. And the same is true for Sage that these will differentiate us and help us in the new business, new name market, but I think the volume over the next two or three years will be into our install base and they’ll tend to be to a relationship that it exists in a non-competitive, non-RFP process.
John Marr: To be fair, we can't have it both ways. So, we’ve always said, we are not very economically sensitive in our market place. I mentioned earlier the 08-09 issue was deep enough that it did affect us. I really think that’s the only time in the last 30 years that something got to that point where there was a meaningful impact on our marketplace. So, right now we’re in kind of modest wins in the marketplace and as we said everything we do is essential, everything has to be done. There is an appetite to do it well in the used technology to enhance productivity and cost and we benefit from that but it’s the healthy market, it’s better when the economy is good but it’s not a big dramatic shift really in that demand. We expect it to be steady. Everything we do again is essential and there is a lot of older systems that need to be replaced and they’ll be replaced really regardless of the economic conditions. When the economy is good obviously they can move those forward or at least do them on time and really what we saw in 08-09 was that weakness pushed some things out but still occurred so if you look back at us historically we had a flat year at that time a couple of lower growth years and then we had some higher than trend level years as the catch up occurred. Property values are a primary funder of local government and therefore our solutions in most cases, there are some obviously distressed cities and counties around the country, but in most cases almost every year there are more parcels than there were in the previous year, and in most cases, the values over the long-term continue to go up, so your taxes due and their budgets due and their ability to afford our systems benefits from that. Sales taxes generally in cities sometimes large cities, sometimes we have sales tax, but generally sales tax are a state revenue thing and then so as we've said, we can’t have both ways but our revenues that directly fund local government property tax as utilities , fees, fines, these sorts of things tend to be very steady and not as influenced by economic swings, state being income in sales and federal being predominantly income, those are the things that obviously swing and have greater variances based on economic conditions. Local government does get revenue sharing generally one of the last things that’s touched because it goes to education and sewer and public safety and things that are not politically nobody wants to touch politically, so generally they are one of the last things to get touched but the direct revenues are a property tax as utilities and those things that we all pay regardless of what kind of year we had.
John Marr: Probably transition of resources, a lot of brain drain going on that -- probably the biggest impact of that on us of what we call a flip, so conversions from on premise to SaaS. So, there's a lot of resources that are reaching retirement. And as they move out, it's a catalyst for people to say, hey, we don't have the experts that we've relied on all these years, employment market is difficult, limited and the compensation they can provide for what is really a broad set of skills. And so that would be maybe the biggest thing. Obviously, security is a big deal for everybody right now. And if you just Google it, and you can see, a lot of different hacks, number of ransom situations. And I think our timing on Sage is really, really good. And again, through our installed sales channel, where we have an established relationship, we're trusted partner, we think that's a need that we can help serve for our clients and will further enhance the stickiness of our relationship with our clients.
John Marr: Yes. No, I think the direct channel and what they would have been doing on their own, which will continue as strong as Lynn said, we're not a direct impact on that those are the resources that have been there and will continue to be there. The evolution of the product and what's been released recently are things that obviously we're underway, I think they were small venture back company, that some uncertainty around that and the Tyler brand and presence in the marketplace, along with that financial stability enhances that, and I think we'll continue to see them do well there and probably do better than they would have with the benefit of those things. The real incremental revenue will come as we start to drive that through our install channel and into our customer base, which as Lynn said, is beginning at this point in time, we'll start slowly and build from there. So certainly, we hope and expect that 2019 would see higher revenues and we'll watch the run rates, it's all occurring, it's all SaaS. And I think you'll see those recurring revenue run rate certainly grow in 2017 and beyond.
John Marr: It’s still very few pure SaaS RFPs come out. Occasionally that occurs and when it does, sometimes SaaS companies have been in there pre-selling and driving it. But that’s still a limited bit of the market. Generally, they are looking for a solution and they almost assume that it would be an on-premises solution and through the process, through Tyler and maybe through other exposure, other vendors they learn more and more about the SaaS offering and migrate in that direction. So, initially that’s not necessarily their intention and they kind of move in that direction. As we’ve said before and it continues to be the case, it’s not an all unusual that we’re selected as a vendor and they then look deeper into SaaS versus on-prem and it’s a subsequent decision as to which way they’re going to procure the system. And as Brian said earlier, we know SaaS was higher, we like to model ourselves, we’re successful with it. But really the long-term value of these clients is significant to us either way and we’re really glad for the business in a relatively non-biased way and have to get the business either way.
John Marr: Well, their awareness is enhanced by both the participating. They use a conference or connect. User groups. There is a lot of user action in groups that that use the current [indiscernible], but our significant inside sales channel and their job is to have a relationship with that client and as I said earlier, whether they have got a big infrastructure investment that’s on the horizon, whether there is going to be significant turnover in that talent, through these relationships we’re very aware of when those catalysts will flip or coming and where they are making the more, what their options are. That’s really what that relationship is and what drives what we refer to what these flips and it’s a pretty steady business. The relationship with clients buy our solution, use it, get comfortable with us, we become a trusted partner, we have the benefit of licensee and then some number later they flip the SaaS that’s just a great customer relationship for us over the long-term and that something we see a lot of.
John Marr: Great, Steven. Thank you. Appreciate everybody participating in the call today. If there are any further questions, feel free to reach out to Lynn, Brian and myself. Thanks again for your interest and have a great day.
Brian Miller: Yeah, we talked broadly over the next couple of years that we expect e-filing revenues to move from so the current $50 million level to the $75 million annual wise range and that takes place over as I said over the course of next couple of years. There are some go live schedule throughout the remainder of this year and onto next year particularly in some of the California counties where we’ve been doing implementations of the underlying Cage Management Systems in those e-filing implementations follow that. I don't really have the specifics of exactly how those falls of the timing become somewhat fluid in the short-term, but again over the next couple of years we expect e-filing revenues to grow by approximately 50% from where they are today.
Brian Miller: Yes. Bookings were in the $7.5 million range from Socrata. So, that would be the inorganic part. I’m sorry 5.7.
Brian Miller: Just add to that. I think the other thing is in the increased bookings and subscription model is that we have added more pure SaaS solutions like Socrata and in the Courts and Justice area, Modria and research and e-file of those growth – the growth of those offerings has also been high and that’s helped caused that mix to go up.
Brian Miller: Yeah. Research is in New Mexico about $250,000 a year initial contract. We have -- as I mentioned, that’s our third state to adopt Research behind Illinois and Texas. We have active discussions with a number of other states and counties throughout the country that use our e-filing solutions and our Odyssey customers. And we do expect to see additional adoption of that over the coming year. Those contracts really are the fee that the state is paying us, or the courts are paying us for their research capability. We have additional opportunities from adding value-added services that we contract directly with the attorneys for that are on top of those amounts, there would be more transaction or subscription-based numbers. Those are in the early stages of getting into place. And because those are also sort of new offerings that haven’t existed in the market before, it’s a little hard to predict exactly what those are. But we expect over the next couple of quarters to start to see some history on the added, value-added attorney services and start to see how that revenue stream would build as well.
Brian Miller: I expect that to be an overtime thing. Margins in the long run will continue. We believe we have significant margin expansion opportunity. And the subscription side of the business, particularly as it grows, and we get passed the initial implementations and get into the out years with these incremental subscription customers, they become more and more profitable. So, we do expect over the long run to see expansion in margins in the short-term obviously impacted by the increased investment in R&D and the lumpiness of license revenues.
