John S. Marr: Thank you, Brian. At a macro level, activity in our market remains good and our competitive position continues to be very strong. The pipeline is generally at a very high level. Local government budgets are healthy. And we are not seeing any signs of broad spending slowdown in our space. As you can see, our guidance for 2016 is below consensus and with respect to both revenues and EPS. When the acquisition was announced last fall, our 2016 revenue expectations for New World was around $134 million. We now expect that their 2016 revenue contribution will be about $124 million. The $10 million reduction in revenue reduces our EPS expectations by about $0.10. There are two main reasons for the differences. First, changes to conform New World's revenue recognition to Tyler's practices, our expected results and slower revenue recognition of both licenses and services reducing 2016 revenue by $3 million to $4 million. This is just a difference in timing of revenues. Second, we now expect it will be a little slower getting out of the blocks with New World's growth, and therefore, have lowered our expectations for 2016. We carried a somewhat lighter pipeline into the year, and the process of strengthening the sales channel, integrating products, and ramping up cross-selling all are under way but unlikely to drive significant revenue growth in 2016. We are putting in place the foundation with our organization and products to enable New World to grow at a rate consistent with Tyler's overall growth rates. We consider any revenues from business acquired within the last year to be inorganic. Therefore, about half of New World's revenues in Q4 of next year will be considered organic as will some of the amount of Brazos' revenues in the first half of the year. Using the midpoint of our guidance range and our current expectations to New World's revenues, our 2016 non-GAAP organic revenue growth rate would be around 12% at the midpoint of our guidance range and a little over 13% at the high end. We have consistently talked about our target organic growth rate in the 12% to 14% range, and we've achieved that as an average over more than a decade. In the last couple of years, we have grown above that target rate. A variety of factors have contributed to that higher growth rate, including our success in California courts and some large E-File opportunities. There will be other catalysts to elevate growth at times, but not every year. Our core business is strong, the market is active, and our long-term growth expectations have not changed. We expect our 2016 R&D expense will be approximately $47 million, compared to Tyler's R&D expenses of about $30 million in 2015. After offsetting an expected reduction in Microsoft Dynamics' R&D spend, 2016 includes about $12 million of incremental R&D expense. Investment in New World Public Safety will account for a significant portion of the increase but the investment is across Tyler's products, including a newly created Corporate R&D Group. In total, we expect to increase our R&D staff by about 65 heads compared to last year's level. We continuously evaluate opportunities to put our capital to work, including M&A activities and investment in our products. While we expect to continue to evaluate acquisitions, it is unlikely we'll do another large acquisition while we're digesting New World. As we have studied our near-term opportunities, we believe that investing in Tyler through accelerated R&D spend will provide a compelling long-term return. We have made the decision to fund more development projects this year than previously planned which we believe will strengthen our competitive position across our product lines, allow us to widen the moat between ourselves and competitors and in particular, expand our position in the public safety market. As you know, we expense all of our R&D. So, increasing the spend directly affects EPS. We look at this as an investment, somewhat like making a $12 million acquisition, but doing it internally. In some ways, making the investment internally is more certain than M&A. Again, this is not to say we won't do additional acquisitions, but in the near term, we intend to focus on investing more directly in Tyler organically. Now, we'll take your questions.
John S. Marr: No. But probably, I will start with your – their reduction. It's probably almost a third. So, a third maybe rev rec, maybe a little more than a third. And we had some of that built in, but it turns out to be more than we thought. A thirdish is probably slowing down some sales processes and people getting more comfortable with this. And then, a third, I would say, this is new to us, but they would be telling us that their pipe is a little lighter than the last few years. So, again, it's no one significant issue. But a few different things putting some pressure on their revenues. We did as we indicated and as you asked. We feel better about the long-term potential of certainly the Public Safety side of New World now than we did at the time we did the acquisition. We're very impressed with the team. They're very easily blending into Tyler, very similar cultures in ways of operating. They're enthusiastic to be part of Tyler. We feel with these investments that we're teeing up now that we can improve this product competitively, and we think the combined story of New World and Tyler will be more compelling than New World was on its own. So, we're very enthusiastic about that long term, but as we indicated, it can be a little bit slower out of the blocks for those three different reasons. In terms of Tyler, no, there's no impact on Tyler's decisions because we did a large acquisition or there's any confusion in the product strategy. I don't know of any indication for any instance where one of our own organic fields was affected by the acquisition.
John S. Marr: Yeah. Yeah. Fair enough. And I have to be a little careful, right, answering that question because we clearly want to remain in a position to have the flexibility to make good investments that we feel are compelling. And I could tell you, don't worry, next year they'll rebound, and we'd find a great opportunity that we will invest in and we'll do that. I know you'd want us to do that. So you have to be a little careful about how you answer that question. So, I guess, I'd say it this way. We definitely expect that as our company grows, that the benefit of the scale that we realize will drive margins higher. I don't have any question about that in the long term, but I actually will be pleased to find other opportunities where we feel if we make an R&D investment, it'll give us a great return in the future and we'll literally look for those and make those investments. But in the long term, yes, we expect those investments to drive revenues higher, and the typical model and scale benefits will kick in, and then margins will expand. As we said, we expense all of this, but we look at this as an important investment in building a new data center, which is capitalized, or doing a major acquisition. But it obviously runs through the P&L. I would estimate – and we look at it this way that of the $47 million R&D spend, about half of that, maybe a little more, is what I would call discretionary, competitive investment. So, if you were trying to run the company right now to maximize its current earnings, taking care of all of the deliverables you need for your contracts and customer work, and even doing the core maintenance for the product that you need to do, I think there's a $25 million spend on top of that. That is a great investment to Tyler but is discretionary and really used to be the catalyst for growth down the road. And you guys can kind of look at that and model it as you'd like.
John S. Marr: Well, I think – okay. In terms of the RFP activity, as we've kind of said, there's nothing here unusual. All the leading indicators are pretty consistent over the last two years or three years since the recovery from the bumps in 2009, 2010, 2011, whatever. Nothing different there. Really nothing different in our core business. I think the activity toward the end of the year in some divisions, particularly Munis for example, the amount of business that kind of uncontracted, not in backlog, so backlog's a little flat, a lot of that's timing. And there were a lot of awards that weren't contracted in the quarter that will get contracted in the first quarter. So that core flow is very normal and something we're pretty satisfied with. I think our growth will come from continuing to improve our competitive position in that situation.
John S. Marr: Well, maybe a little. I think over the years, most of the things that happen that are surprising affect you in a downward way during the year, right? They guide some expenses you didn't see or some revenue slips. And most of the good things that happen, it takes a little longer to recognize that revenue and get the upside. So I think, sure, over the year, management has learned that and has become a little bit more conservative. And I think we used to probably deliver more in the mid or low end of the range, and I think in recent years we've delivered in no certainty, but delivered on the high or outside the high end of the range. And so that's been an evolution of Tyler I think is accurate. In terms of New World, I just think there's an awful lot of moving parts. There's a lot of noise. And so we're taking a little more conservative position now, which I think is appropriate. And the net of it is what we've tried to do is give you guys an accurate impression of what we see, but it's probably got a little broader range given the moving parts that we're digesting this year.
John S. Marr: Sure. It really isn't just this year. I'd say that $12 million, as I indicated earlier, is incremental to heads we've been adding to, on a discretionary basis, invest in things we thought were important. And probably our run rate now, as I said, it's maybe around $25 million in annual spend that are resources that we can target what we think are important timely investments that will give us a good return. So it's the extension of a process that I think we've been working on for the last few years. I think, in the last few years, M&A activity and the cost of those assets are higher. Cost of our own stock in terms of deploying capital has been higher. And the company executes well on building and investing in existing products, getting them to market and proving their competitive position and being in a very good position to opportunistically take advantage of opportunities that come in front of us. And we think that's a very good investment for Tyler's shareholders. It's a company that knows how to execute. And when you're in that position, you should invest in your own company, and that's what we're doing. In terms of where it'll go, integration is a big thing. The unique thing about Tyler is we're the only company, as we say over and over, that really has all the major enterprise applications that are essential to local government. And as those products become further integrated, they add value to each other, and that's something that our competition really can't do. So we have good competitors in each of those sub-verticals, but the people we compete with in courts don't have financial systems. And the people we compete within financial systems generally don't have tax systems or public safety systems. So one of the major themes, and we mentioned the corporate R&D team, is to better integrate these different products that on their own are all very competitive. But as they become more seamlessly integrated and actually add value to each other's application, really creates something for Tyler that's going to be hard to match by the rest of the market. So that'd be an example of something we're integrating. Technology drives the need for new functionality. Mobility right now, obviously, a very big deal. User experiences get tired and have to be refreshed. That's a big investment for us. That's a big determining factor in the sales process. And then, extending functionality. So some of our applications really have come along with our core and strong applications that maybe on their own are not industry leading. So enterprise asset management, for example, would be an area where we had an application, probably wasn't industry leading, that with added expertise and subject matter experts and head count, and the objective is to make that by itself industry leading as we go forward. So it's across the applications in our view, it'll continually drive a stronger competitive position and it will position us to be very competitive when new opportunities come on line. And an example would be E-File. We didn't just kind of go bid and win the Texas E-File deal, that kind of catapulted us as a leader in that space across the country. We have done an acquisition. We had consciously invested in that product and brought it up to be industry leading, and we were in a great position to take advantage of an opportunity when it came out. And we're, right now, consciously doing that across our product suites.
John S. Marr: I don't think they usually go backward in the process. It's always hard to know, whether it be a loss that might not have been. I'd say if that has happened, it's been three or four, and again you'll never know for certain, but it's not 12 or 15, it's a few. And some deals, again, were delayed and have been awarded subsequently. So I do not think it'll be a long-term impactful effect, certainly not on public safety because the answer, when they say, hey, what does this mean to us and we tell them what our objective is, we talk about these investments we're making, makes this an even better investment for them. And I really think that's an easy story to tell and that most people in the marketplace would see that as an improvement. So I think it really is, hey, we need someone to come out, we need them to explain what's going on, we need to get comfortable with that, we might need to talk to some Tyler folks or customers. And again, I think on the public safety side that it's going to improve our win rates and I think it'll be a non-issue certainly by mid-year this year. Their ERP side, it's a little harder because obviously Tyler has very strong products already in that space, so people can be concerned. But we can point to our Infinite Visions solutions which have done very well for three years or four years now since we bought those companies and having an Incode and a Munis. So already have multiple suites of financial systems that all have important addressable market spaces that are not much overlapping at all, and there's certainly room for New World in that. And we're carefully targeting those markets and identifying them. And I think as we've demonstrated that we continue to invest, there's been no head count reduction, that people will see that and get more comfortable with it.
John S. Marr: Yes, a little bit. It's hard to know exactly, but there are a few deals, statewide kind of deals that we're engaged in that we feel good about in some large counties. Obviously, we've got the 26 or 27 counties (41:47) them in California, which we have virtually no E-File revenue a little bit right now, and that would be the biggest market. And some of those had E-File as part of their initial engagement, some of them contracted subsequently, a few are mandatory. But certainly in the next few years, as those sites go on line, that's a major growth opportunity. So there's still a lot of runway left for E-File.
John S. Marr: Well, it's an important number, I appreciate. But it by itself is hard to say that, Brian, because like we mentioned, a 10-year deal with Raleigh is $8.5 million, and it might have been a $2 million deal if it was on-premise. So the mix of SaaS versus traditional, the length of the terms, it's 10 years or 4 years, so I'd be careful to focus on that exclusively. It really has to be looked at within a number of different things. So if you do normalize that for the Californias or if you had a spike in SaaS versus traditional, then I do think it would be at least 10% and probably should grow a little north of our overall revenue growth rate because the SaaS contracts add more backlog than they will revenue.
John S. Marr: No. You're right. Sorry if we gave that impression, but I don't know of any Tyler decisions that were materially affected. It certainly could have been a call or something, but nothing material on Tyler decisions affected by the New World acquisition.
John S. Marr: Yeah. It was a weak quarter. We've said we don't – we literally open the file and they send it to us, and we really don't – we don't know what we're going to get. So we don't have a lot of visibility on it. I will say, we have gotten the files of the current quarter and it rebounded somewhat. We'll obviously announce that with the next quarter, so it's lumpy. And again, it rebounded to pretty much what was in our plan. So it's going to bounce around. They're not as robust as we'd like them to be, but we really don't have a lot of visibility.
John S. Marr: Yeah. So we have been active in the last two weeks since the tech sold off a little bit, obviously recovered a little bit in the last few days, and now we're back down to a level below where we have been active. So, I guess from there, you could infer that we would intend to be active at this level. I don't think we would be trying to do something that's too significant at this level. It's still not a discounted stock, but it certainly got down to an area we will take a long term view. All of our long-term objectives we think are strongly in place, and we think buying at this level and looking out at a couple of years, as to what that means, makes a lot of sense for us. So, at the current level, we would not be overly aggressive but we will be active.
John S. Marr: It just hasn't changed that significantly in a number of years now. So, high 20s, low 30s in terms of percentage of new names tend to be where it settles out. In any individual quarter, it can bump around, but it really isn't changing. And now we hear so much about the cloud, we offer both. We don't try to have a bias in directing them one direction or another. We believe the name has great value to us in the long-term and we welcome them either way. But the numbers don't change too much. I think, sometimes you see a higher percentage of bookings look like SaaS. SaaS names are growing and sometimes that can be distorted as I indicated earlier, the Raleigh deal, for example. It's a 10-year deal. It's one name, but it's a 10-year deal so it distorts a little bit how many dollars are going into backlog as SaaS dollars versus traditional dollars. But really not a material shift in the number of years at this point.
John S. Marr: This year is a little bit lighter because we literally are bringing a lot of clients, a lot of Odyssey clients online and implementing them, and the E-File revenues will follow after that. So I think there'll be a little of a pause this year. It will be a little lighter growth. But if you just look – we're not talking about names. We're not working. We're just talking about California names, some of the other large counties and states we're working with where we know it's their clear intention to introduce E-File and eventually go mandatory. I think you'll see that growth rate bounce back two, three and four years out.
John S. Marr: Yeah. Our focus will be – we have some Tyler products in that area, they'll be maintained, they'll be invested in. But clearly, in terms of investing in Next-Gen E9-1-1 Solutions to handle texting and a lot of the things that traditionally haven't been handled, multimedia coming through there, that will be – that is part of the significant increase in R&D in the New World side of our business.
John S. Marr: Generally, the tax rate is in a pretty tight range. It certainly moves around for a number of different reasons. The outside-the-box increase, which is a little higher, 55%. Obviously, I hope is way higher is associated almost exclusively with the exceptionally high activity of options we had in fourth quarter with a very high stock price, understandable. Our average hold for our employees is over seven years, so there's a lot of options out there and that's a good thing. And there was a lot of activity understandably, and that causes the elimination of deductions that we get and that's what drove the rate higher. And being in the fourth quarter, it's completely absorbed in that quarter. And so, it really is a one-off experience.
John S. Marr: Well, Tyler – like New World is a good example. So their margins were higher, and they'll be affected a little bit as we go through this transition. But they'll settle out at a much higher level than what Tyler's blended margins are. They're a good example and they're very similar to a lot of our more mature business units. So, I think the reason they're hired, they're not making a lot of investments outside of their core products. They maintained and invested in those well, but they really didn't have a lot of new initiatives around them. When you look at Tyler, our core divisions that have reached a level of scale, Munis or Incode or Infinite Visions, or TMJ (1:01:32) getting to that point, their margins are very similar to New World's, which I think are the appropriate margins for a more mature business units that's reached a certain level of scale where employees are well served, customers are well served, investments are being made in maintaining and expanding products and improving their competitive position. At Tyler, we're consciously choosing to always be investing in new products and new initiatives that bring that core rate down. And so, over time, as those investments in relation to the more mature business units are smaller, the dollars won't be smaller. But as the percentages are smaller, we'll see our blended rates move toward where they are for those mature units that exist, which really is in the 55% to 60% gross margin level and in the 35% operating margin level. So we know that that's sustainable. We choose to be making these investments as we go, which brings the blended rate down, but we believe it's a good investment for the company.
John S. Marr: Okay. Thank you. And we appreciate everybody joining us on the call today. If there are any further questions then feel free to reach out to Brian and myself. Have a great day.
Kirk Materne - Evercore: Okay. And just a really quick one on sort of the increase in R&D sort of investment, I think makes a ton of sense.
Kirk Materne - Evercore: I guess after we get through sort of the step function up this year, does the opportunity for EBITDA growth of, sort of, I guess 20% where it's been over the last few years.
Kirk Materne - Evercore: Does that come back into play, or is this something where you just need – you may be investing a little bit – not as much as you should be? I guess, I'm trying to get a sense on what sort of EBITDA growth trend should be after we sort of normalize this uptick in spending this year. Thanks.
Brian K. Miller: Well, I think, it is relatively flat this quarter. I think most – we have seen more of an increase on the subscription side. The last couple of quarters have been very strong on the subscription booking side. So I think some of that is offset by an increase in the subscription bookings and backlog. So that's probably the major impact there. There's probably also a little bit of an impact from how the New World acquisition fits into that. But I think the biggest change is through the subscription side, the growth there.
Brian K. Miller: I don't think there's anything particularly unusual in there. This quarter, as we talked about frequently, the timing of large deals affects that. This quarter, there weren't any sort of mega-deals. So it seemed to be a pretty normal quarter in terms of bookings. I think, as I said, a very strong quarter on the SaaS side; and kind of an average quarter, actually down a little bit from last year's quarter on the license side. But all in all, nothing remarkable about it. Just kind of a normal bookings quarter, activity and pipeline remained strong. And as John noted, I think we have seen some delays in new signings on the New World side, particularly in the first quarter after the acquisition, and that's not surprising. And I think if it were a normalized quarter for New World bookings, we would have seen more growth there.
Brian K. Miller: Well, when you look at the historic New World financials that were filed with the 8-K, there are a number of differences throughout those from both Tyler's accounting, their – so, as you mentioned, revenue recognition, policies of their books in accordance with GAAP, there should be – would have been, in some cases, somewhat more accelerated than they are under Tyler policies. There's obviously the purchase accounting adjustments that affect the deferred revenue recognition. They were a Sub S corporation, so they didn't have corporate taxes included there. The way they classified R&D in their historic statements would have been different from ours where we have a significant amount of our development expense up in cost of sales, and then a portion of it on the R&D line. Theirs would have been more on the R&D line. So that would have elevated their gross margin versus ours. So there's quite a number of changes through there. But at a very high level, their gross margins and operating margins were higher than ours and should contribute to increasing our blended margins, and part of that is just the nature of the business. They were a relatively simple business, had not done any acquisitions or been acquired. So they really have two core products, the ERP product and the Public Safety product, both of which have been developed organically, more than 50% maintenance revenues, which generates very high margins when you've got that level of scale in maintenance revenues from a couple of relatively mature products. So clearly, it's hard to infer a lot from those pro forma statements, but that's kind of a high-level look at it.
Brian K. Miller: No, I don't think so. I think our long-term model is still consistent that as we grow revenues in that low to mid-teens, and as we've talked about kind of 12% to 14% has been where our long-term average has been, that over the long term we expect that that, obviously lots of puts and takes with the mix of revenues between SaaS and license, with the acquisition, with investments in products. But over the long term, we expect that that kind of growth will yield north of 100 basis points on average. And it doesn't happen in a straight line every year, but on average in gross margin improvement and better than that on the operating margin and EBITDA margin lines. And even with these investments this year, I think our EBITDA margin, because the New World business overall gives us a lift in that, we'll still see I think relatively stable EBITDA margins, and we'll see gross margin improvement, so.
Brian K. Miller: Yeah. We did announce. We have 1.4 million shares left in our authorization. We have bought, given the broader pullback in the market in the last few weeks, we bought a modest amount of stocks. I don't think we announced the number till year-end, but we bought a modest amount. And then – but as we said, we've got about 1.4 million shares left in our authorization, and John can comment on our appetite for that going forward.
Brian K. Miller: It grew about $9 million in 2015, and I expect it'll be – the growth will be more in the $5 million, $6 million range in 2016. And then as some of the California stuff comes online, we'd probably see that accelerate in 2017.
Brian K. Miller: Yeah. I think that 38%, 39% is generally the range we widened – where we've historically been, and we put a little bit wider on the high end because of the uncertainty around the level of option exercises. But our rate is pretty close to statutory rates. We don't have significant international operations so everything is pretty much fully taxed at full domestic rates as well as state taxes. So that 38%, 39% range is probably pretty good. Obviously, we'll work on tax planning, look for places where we can get marginal improvements. But absent more overseas business and jurisdictions with lower tax rates, we likely are going to be close to that range.
Brian K. Miller: In a broad range, I think the addition of New World probably shifts a little bit more into the licenses side because New World didn't really or hasn't historically had much of a subscription offering. So, they're almost exclusively licenses. So, I think that the mix is a little bit more on licenses next year, a little bit lower on services. But really, it may be only a point of the mix, something like that. They also had a higher proportion of maintenance, so that probably raises it a point. But I think generally, our mix this year will be similar. 2015, it was about 10% licenses. That might be more like 11% in 2016. We're about a little less than 24% services. I think that might go down a point or two in the mix. Subscriptions were about 19%. That also might go down about a point, but stay pretty similar. Maintenance might go up a point or two. It's around 41.5% in 2015. It might go up, again, a point. And then, appraisal is a relatively slow-growing business, so it probably will modestly continue to be a little bit smaller piece of the mix. But no dramatic changes in the mix.
Brian K. Miller: And just to be clear, the guidance for 2016 implies really a modest increase in gross margin, modest increase in the EBITDA margin, a little bit bigger increase in EBITDA margin, but a decline in operating profit margin because of the elevated R&D that falls below gross margin but is in the operating margin.
Brian K. Miller: Well, cash flows, I mentioned a couple of things that kind of brought down cash flow in 2015 a bit below our normal cash flow margin: the cost associated with the New World acquisition, the timing of some of the taxes where we pay taxes earlier in the year, and then this excess tax benefit from the option exercise really was created at the end of the year. And so that will benefit our next year taxes, and New World billings, the timing of their maintenance billings is favorable for us for 2016 cash flow. But, I think we should, as I said, see some EBITDA expansion and cash flow should sort of grow normally in line with that. So nothing terribly unusual. But, I think some of the things that maybe helped cash flow down a bit in 2015 will turn around and maybe press a little bit above the curve in 2016.
