John Marr: Thank you, Jaime. And welcome to our fourth quarter 2017 earnings call. With me on the call today, are Lynn Moore, our President; and Brian Miller, our Chief Financial Officer. First, I'd like to Brian to give the Safe Harbor statement. Next, Lynn will have some preliminary comments. Then Brian will review the details of our fourth quarter results and 2018 guidance. Then I'll have some final comments, and we'll take your questions.
John Marr: It's a great question, Kirk and it's hard to answer just because we don’t want to handcuff ourselves going forward. I appreciate that now for a couple of years, we've talked about incremental R&D spend that’s discretionary and widens the moat in terms of our leadership position, and at the same time, indentify some new opportunities and broadens our addressable market. That happened last year and we’re reinforcing and maybe even raising the bar a little bit this year. I generally believe what we’re doing is moving investments that could happen over a longer period of time forward, and adding heads. We certainly add it a lot of heads last year of public safety that could have been done over a longer period of time, but we felt we’re on a position to make those investments and we felt they were important to do. And this year, we’ve identified similar opportunities across the suite of applications that we think are very good investments for us to make. You combine that with looking at the market today, and as you said being opportunistic. And we're not buying a lot of our stock back, we're not doing a lot of M&A,that certainly could change at any time. But we're in a very strong position to make these investments, and we think it's the right thing to do. It'd be my expectation that again these are moving headcount and investments forward; and will create some lumpiness in the R&D spend; and that we'll grow into it; and we'll achieve the same margins that we've always expected to. But I'd be cautious, because if we see great opportunities in the future that we believe deserve funding, then we'll fund. So again, a very good question and we'll certainly be as transparent as we can be going forward. We certainly see higher margins and we believe they're completely available to us today. But we think these are the right investment levels for Tyler to have at this point in time.
John Marr: Well, this year, Brian, different than last year I would have answered public safety, obviously, that we elevated that specifically and the elevation there was disproportionate to other areas. Although, there were again number of discretionary heads added across the other areas as well. This year it's broader, so I can't give you two or three that stand out, it's definitely spread out across significant -- most of our primary applications. There's a fair amount happening at Munis and those are across the board, these functions, technology and innovation really all across the board. So there aren’t one or two lead projects, it's really a distribution ahead across the different applications that we think all make sense.
John Marr: The first result is improved win rates in that traditional market, and we've already seen that that actually are pretty consistent with win rates. There’s really been about three quarters now that we’re seeing something in 50% to 100% improvement in there win rates. So that’s we’re cautious to believe whether or not that sustainable. But certainly, those results are very encouraging. The second phase of that is to broaden the addressable market space, namely moving up in the larger jurisdictions and that’s a process. We don’t all of a sudden set the bar at jurisdictions that are several times the size with traditionally been competitive, we’ll gradually grow into that space, and that’s happening. I think we will see -- you will never know for certain, which deals you would have or not would have won historically. But I think we’ll see deals in the first half of this year that will reflect a more competitive position in the larger jurisdictions.
John Marr: It will again be modestly below the blended Tyler rate. So the win rates experienced in the marketplace are still somewhat leading indicators, but those manifesting themselves in the P&L the back it up are still a little ways out. So we anticipate that public safety to actual recognize revenue this year, will again be modestly below the overall Tyler blended rate.
John Marr: Well, it takes so while. It’s taking probably three years by the time we're done from the beginning through this year for things to settle out. So when we get the company, churn rates were higher and they don’t stop overnight, they are coming down. Tyler generally experiences almost zero, very, very low churn, so that’s an initiatives that has to settle out and is improved on. Wining this business and improving backlog to work from is happening. Again, that leading indicator is reinforced by their experience in the marketplace. And the last thing to happen is that actually shows up in the financial results. And I think we're looking at later this year and early next year, we’ll start to see their overall top line growth rate accelerate to and then beyond Tyler’s overall rate. And I think that will driver higher margins. The margins are lower now than when we acquired them based on these discretionary investments that we’re making. And we think they will go back to where they were over the next 12 to 18 months certainty.
John Marr: Yes, I think we’ve definitely take into account in our planning process. The mix doesn’t impact each of our business lines equally. We had warrants and businesses that are on POC, so it doesn’t impact it. But in our larger areas in Munis, we certainly budgeted in a higher than traditional adoption rate, I wouldn’t say it's meaningfully higher, but it's certainly higher. And that's two add a little more conservative into our plan.
John Marr: Well, certainly all those things could happen. We dipped down here this past year just below the double-digit level for the year. We're pleased in the fourth quarter we comfortably get back in the double-digits. As we said in the call, the midpoint of our guidance for this year is a little bit above 10%. We believe that the investments we’re making and the things we're doing are helping to curve that backup. And everything we're doing, these investments we’re making and everything we do in the marketplace is to bend that curve backup and get it comfortably above 10% again. And all indications to us are that that's very reasonable. I don’t know for certain where the growth rate will be three years from now. But we think we have this core growth rate as to weigh the company work. If you take nearly zero attrition; and you take price increases; and you take tail of the on-premise sales we sell and the contribution to recurring revenues there; if you take the deals we know about on the e-file horizon, there are already customers; you look at the SaaS business and those run rates; that puts out about an 8% or 9% growth rate for the overall company here. And so I think that’s absent any major change in the industry or our position in the industry is our core growth rate is the way we look at it. And so these incremental investments and these things we’re doing, which are a big focus ours and where we’re spending a lot of a discretionary money we’re spending are all about adding that other 2%, 3%, 4%, to get you to the traditional growth levels where we know our model works very, very well. We believe that we’re doing those things that will make that happen. And so we think, I don't know about 10 years, but I think as you look over the next five years that we have a reasonable likelihood to perform in that area.
John Marr: I think customers definitely do see the value in that. We certainly rolled that out at our user conferences. There is a lot of excitement around it. As we said before, it’s a long term process. I don’t know if that specifically isn’t impacted win rates to date. I do expect that it’s going to impact win rates going forward. Whether or not one jurisdiction and its neighboring jurisdiction and their options are between Tyler and other product, and we’re the next jurisdiction and the benefits of those two will bring, if they go with Tyler and they can be connected, both in public safety and then from their court system, that’s the value that we can bring that nobody else can. We're actively working on that. We talk about it. I don’t know that we’ve specifically seen that as driver in the win rates. I think the driver in our win rates really has been the focus we've done so far as we talked about in prepared comments of shoring up the customer references, doing things on the customer side, as John mentioned, to eliminate some of the churn, all the product investment, the new features and functionality. I think that coupled with the strength of Tyler behind it, the vision of Tyler alliance is, its creating excitement around public safety. And I do think that over the next few years, that’s going to help be the deciding factor in a number of deals that this Tyler alliance vision that you're also excited about.
John Marr: It's definitely broader than e-filing. Munis this past year had a much higher mix, not only higher mix in names the average value of SaaS deals was up significantly. Though, it's pretty broad and it's crapped up into the higher size deals, that maybe the biggest change from previous years as the average deal size was significantly higher. So I think it's fair to say that it's not surprising, government is a little later to adopt this type of delivery than other industries. And I think it's moved for real. And in the stay, I'm not sure that it can get a little ahead of itself in the middle of this past year and maybe it’ll settle down a little bit before it accelerates again. But I think what we’ve expected a long-term gradual shift is exactly what we're experiencing.
John Marr: There is a lot of different categories there, so there’s not a short answer. There are mandatory state wide deals, those are obviously the ones that are fully up the scale and we can see there’s good visibility on the number, where they are click based or fixed contract based on click. And then there is others that is part of the contracts, but they’re not fully on line yet. But generally, our expectation is that all of our existing significant clients will have e-file and some of them will come up with mandatory and we’ll see the spike right off of that, and we like those obviously and some will take time as we have to drive adoption rates over that long term. I think we’ve really only lost one significant deal at that level, say in the last five years. So our position is very strong and you're going to occasionally lose a deal based on relationship or pricing, or things that we can’t change our model to, to embrace without jeopardizing our overall strategies. So very few losses and again only comes to mind that would have been significant.
John Marr: I guess so. We've seen a few of them, we've done it. So people know it’s an option. I would stress that you don’t want to over-emphasize the difference, because they’re just looking for better visibility and something we know the government have to budget and that’s what they looking for. So it really tough is just doing the math and putting the number to it that is within the mid range of what would occur. So we're a subscription based and pretty much a quick base organization on that and that’s our model. But if somebody says, hey look, we’ve got a lot of history here, we can see, we know the range, as this, lets negotiate something that’s fair to both sides, obviously, will be a good partner and do that. But we’ve seen more people take us up on that and it gives better visibility to client in the west.
John Marr: I don’t think we have enough data points yet to point to where that uplift is going to go. We're still at the stage where we’re rolling this out and there is excitement in terms of, for example, Illinois, where we announced it in terms of being fully turned on and fully utilized. We haven't hit that yet. So that's something that we're going to watch overtime. And there is some interest and we've talked before about other states we’re interested in this product, and we think that it's a good driver. But we don’t have enough data points yet to give you more guidance on that.
John Marr: Well, thank you, Jaime. And thank you all for joining us on the call today. If you do have any additional questions, feel free to reach-out to Brian, Lynn or myself. Have a great day.
Lynn Moore: Thanks, Brian. We are pleased with our results for the quarter, which provided the strong finish to 2017. We returned to double-digit revenue growth for the quarter with total GAAP revenue growth of 13% and non-GAAP revenue growth of 12%. We also achieved solid margin improvement as our non-GAAP operating margin rose 120 basis points to a new high. License and royalties revenues also reached to new high and exceeded $20 million for the first time ever. Subscription revenue was once again strong growing 26%. Total recurring revenues from maintenance and subscriptions grew 14% and comprised 64% of total revenue. Bookings for the quarter were very strong up 37%. For the year, bookings grew 15% compared to 2016 and our quarter end backlog grew 18% to just over $1.1 billion. Bookings were robust under both our license and subscription models, but then as expected, our new business mix in the fourth quarter shifted back toward a higher proportion of license deals than in the second and third quarters. Subscriptions represented about a third of the total new software contract value in the fourth quarter. The mix was impacted somewhat by a large state wide Odyssey contracts, as well as seasonally strong bookings for our public and safety solutions, which are typically on-premises license deals. Our largest new license deal in the quarter was the state wide Odyssey Courts & Justice's software contract with the state of Kansas Judicial Branch, valued at approximately $21 million, including a multiyear maintenance agreement. This represents our 14th state Odyssey arrangement. Other significant on-premises license deals signed during the quarter, each with a total contract value of $1 million or more included multiproduct arrangements with Marion County, Florida for our Munis, EnerGov and ExecuTime solutions, Norman, Oklahoma, for our Munis and EnerGov solutions, Fredericksburg, Virginia for our Munis iasWorld, EnerGov and ExecuTime solutions and Henry County, Georgia, in the Atlanta Metropolitan area, which signed contracts valued at $3.6 million for our New World Public Safety, Brazos and SoftCode solutions, as well as our Munis and EnerGov solutions. We had a very active quarter in the public safety market with the highest quarterly total contract signing since we acquired New World in 2015. Significant New World public safety license deals included the Cities of Orlando and Tallahassee, Florida, Elk County, Pennsylvania and Clayton County, Georgia, located in the Atlanta area. Clayton County also signed a significant license contract for our EnerGov solution and the Visalia Unified School District in California signed a major new contract for our Munis ERP solution. Significant new SaaS contracts in the quarter included multi-product deals for our Munis and EnerGov solutions with the cities of Wilmington, North Carolina and Wellington and Riviera Beach in Florida. We also signed notable SaaS arrangements with Fontana, California, and Muscogee Creek Nation in Oklahoma for our Munis ERP solution and with Edison, Illinois for our new world ERP solution. Finally, we signed a five-year $13 million extension of our state-wide e-filing contract with the State of Oregon, which is converting to a fixed fee arrangement. Now, I'd like to Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter and provide our annual guidance for 2018.
Lynn Moore: This is Lynn, just to supplement that. I think there were still some headwinds coming out of the acquisition that are being overcome or that have been overcome by our public safety division. And I think that you see that has an impact as well on the slightly below Tyler rate. But we expect that in the future to catch up and accelerate, and be in line or actually help drive the growth rate going forward.
Lynn Moore: Mark, it's pretty small acquisition but it's an acquisition that we think has a lot of interest around the country. And we've already had significant interest in our client base. We’ve had a number of jurisdictions who have agreed to sign up for some pilot court systems. We've agreed to some pricing on that. I do think it's something that it does have excitement, like a lot of things that we do, it's going to take some time. It's going to take some time for those revenues to build and grow. But we're looking at something that could, as part of transforming the way justice is done, certainly at certain levels of justice. I think it's a new efficient way. And I think particularly some of our larger more progressive clients are ready to embrace this and roll it out. So it's going well, but like everything else, it's slow. I don't expect significant or meaningful revenues in the near term. But over the long term, like a lot of our growth initiatives, we expect that it's going to add significant revenues at a little higher rate and add incremental growth to Tyler.
Lynn Moore: No real significant change. Royalties, I think they’ve increased in the fourth quarter. Our relationship with Microsoft is still good. And I would say, there is no material change at this point.
Lynn Moore: And we ever a presence in e-filing in 16 states and I believe all but four of those are state wide, so some California, Georgia, Ohio, we do not have state wide, it’s a county-by-county presence we have there.
Brian Miller: Yes, the reduction in the tax rate generally does flow through to cash taxes. So that starting point of going down from roughly 35% to 24%, before the discreet items from stock option exercises, which is a less predictable number but also a cash number, should flow right down to our cash tax provision as well.
Brian Miller: Clearly, as we've talked about a number of times, the mix is lumpy and it varies quite a bit from quarter-to-quarter and year-to-year. It's also interesting to note that for 2017, the mix between licenses and subscription and new deals based on dollar volume 63% license, 37% subscription, was exactly the same as it was in 2015. So over that three year period, it's shaking out to be the same. And we do expect that over the long-term there’ll be more of a shift, but our -- the midpoint of our guidance assumes a fairly similar mix to what we saw in 2017. And as you've seen we've widened the range a bit on our guidance, which also gives us a little more room to accommodate to various outcomes that we could do.
Brian Miller: The pipeline and the markets behave very well. The deals are robust. And yes, we certainly believe that making these investments will be received well by a good marketplace that has the capacity to reward us for that. Having said that, we’ve invested through challenging times before. I mean some of the best investments we’ve made historically were during the 2009, 2010 weakness in the markets, because a lot of our competitors didn't and they looked it at the other way and said this is a soft market, why would we want to be investing at this level. And when we came out of that time, we experienced couple of very high double-digit growth years, catching up on the business that had been deferred. So I do think the market is strong right now and I do think we won't have to be patient to get a return on these investments. But really Tyler historically has invested in these products throughout up and down markets and I think that's worked well for us.
Brian Miller: There aren't any significant shifts. We said in the prepared remarks, that's a good marketplace, there're strong competitors there. No markets are easy and I think sometimes when we achieve high market share, people think it might be a little less challenging than it is. There're certainly good competitors across the board in those marketplace. And while we get good results, we fight pretty hard to get them and nothing is to be taken for granted. Public safety though, I would say, what happened in tax, what happened in courts where we really became a dominant leader in a pretty short period of time, it's less likely to happen there in that shorter period of time. As we said, we believe Tyler has some unique advantages and we know we'll invest and execute over the long term. And ultimately, we'll be rewarded with a strong leadership position. But there's strong players in that place, and they're not just going to turn away. So I think this will be a long process to continue to improve our position in that marketplace.
Brian Miller: I think the factors that we pointed to earlier, the increase in the receivables much of that un-billed related to billings, milestone based billings on some large some large projects we have going on and the timing of those and the prepayment in taxes before we really knew what the level of option benefit we would get in Q4 was, both of those really turn around in 2018. And as we’ve also stated very much lower CapEx in 2018, roughly half the level they were this year. So I think the cash flow margins do improve in 2018.
Brian Miller: It’s also a always a number of things that affects a decision. So it will always be hard to isolate the primary reasons. So we certainly think that contributes to our position in the marketplace. But I would say tangibly what we’re seeing are a lot of multi Tyler suite applications, and a lot of the names that Lynn referred to in the remarks were multi suite applications, Munis and EnerGov, Munis and Muni-Court and then starting to see public safety and Odyssey deals. And no question, people see the incremental value to one Tyler application to another based on our more comprehensive vision.
Brian Miller: Well, clearly that mix shift does affect the maintenance line. It's certainly more than offset on the subscription line, but it’s a combination of more of a new business coming in the cloud. And so again, more than on the subscription line and less new maintenance, as well as the flip to the conversions that we have, and those continue at a steady but pretty pace of the number of customers each quarter that are currently on-premises paying maintenance that move to our subscription model and move to the subscription line, typically at 2x what they were paying in maintenance. But it does have a negative effect on the maintenance line. So those two things together really what have slowed the maintenance growth. And I think again based on the current mix that 7.5% to 8% growth in maintenance is what you should expect. We do get annual maintenance increases so we work very hard to be very consistent with those and to provide significant value associated with those annual maintenance increases through our evergreen model. And that hasn’t really changed. So we're not seeing really a difference in the way where pricing maintenance increases and our attrition remains very, very low on the maintenance side. So no real changes there, it's really more just a mix of new businesses driving a lower maintenance growth.
Brian Miller: Yes I would say so. And we are -- I'd say, we’ve always able to add the numbers up. So we're pointing towards that metric and getting the annualized, referring to the annualized recurring revenues of those two combined is something you have to look at.
Brian Miller: It's really market driven. Generally, sales reps are compensated very similarly for the same deal, whether it's a subscription or a license deal and our pricing structure has not changed, so we haven't really changed the pricing to try to drive new customers to one model or the other. I'd say that to the extent we are able to do that, we would have a preference towards the subscription model, but we do believe that in most cases, we have a fairly limited ability to push that new customer one way or other. So it's really primarily market driven.
Brian Miller: Revenues were relatively flat this year. And as we've seen, it's not really material number, but our total royalties for the year, not including our direct channel, were $3.7 million, last year they were $3.4 million, so not a big movement there. I think I'd like Lynn speak to the relationship and any changes there. Although, there haven't really been any significant lately.
Brian Miller: Generally, very-very close unless their experience changes dramatically, it’s relatively flat. Now renewals are good for us, because we have a lot of cost brining up the initial engagements and while that's been recovered, so flat renewals are not necessarily a bad thing for us.
Brian Miller: As we've pointed out over the years, the percentage of our backlog -- although, our backlog continues to grow significantly. There is more and more long-term backlog in that number with more subscription arrangements, which are typically I think we said 5.8 years in duration and the new bookings this year, and the multiyear e-filing arrangements, all of those things and as well, some of the large software deals that are multiyear implementations. So that percentage of backlog to be delivered even if the dollars to be delivered in the next year coming out of backlog or larger the percentage is smaller. So at year-end, it's right at 52% of our backlog of that $1.1 billion is expected to be delivered in the next 12 months, and the balance to be delivered over as long as the next seven years in some cases. And that's come down over the last few years. So last year going into 2017, it was 61% of our backlog, log was expected to be delivered in the next 12 months. And so there is much more long-term visibility in the existing backlog.
