John Marr: Our first quarter financial performance builds on a solid performance of 2011, as the marketplace began to show signs of modest improvement. Total revenues for the quarter were $82.7 million, or an increase of 13%, of which 8% was organic and 5% was due to the acquisitions made in the fourth quarter of last year and the first quarter of 2012. We continue to see strong growth in our recurring revenues from subscriptions and maintenance, which together grew over 17%. In addition, although we continue to see a gradual shift toward our SaaS model, our software license revenue grew by over 9% over the first quarter of 2011, representing the second consecutive quarter of year-over-year license revenue growth. Gross margin for the first quarter rose 80 basis points to 45.2% for the first quarter, compared to 2012 of 44.4%. However, our gross margin improvement was mostly offset by increases in SG&A costs related to facilities, increases in headcount for sales and certain internal support functions to support growth, as well as increased stock compensation expense. Increases in research and development expense also offset our gross margin improvement. This increase is primarily because there was no expense reimbursement offset from Microsoft during the first quarter. We had another strong quarter for bookings. Significant contracts for the first quarter included a multi-suite school agreement with the Socorro Independent School District in El Paso, Texas, to provide our Munis ERP, Tyler Student Information System, Tyler Pulse and Tyler Content Management Solutions. Socorro is one of the fastest growing school districts in Texas with more than 42,000 students and 7,000 staff. We signed a contract for our Munis ERP Solution with the City of Des Moines, Iowa’s largest city and the capital of the state. With our Odyssey Courts and Justice Solutions we signed a contract with Peoria County, Illinois, for an integrated justice system including case management and jail management. Peoria is our first Odyssey client in Illinois. We also announced an agreement for our Tyler SIS, Special Education and Tyler Pulse Solution with the Kansas City, Missouri, School District. Among our SaaS agreements announced in the quarter were a 10-year contract with the Town & School District of Ledyard, Connecticut, to provide our Munis ERP solution and a 7-year contract with the Missouri City, Texas, to provide our Munis ERP and Incode municipal court solutions. We also announced agreements for appraisal services with Fairfield County, Ohio, and the Town of Farmington, Connecticut. During the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of Akanda Innovation Incorporated of Toronto Canada. Akanda has been a partner of our Appraisal and Tax group since 1997. They develop complementary modules to Tyler’s iasWorld appraisal and tax software. The Akanda team will continue to provide expertise from a variety of technical disciplines including GIS browser-based and workflow technologies, because virtually all of Akanda’s revenues already passed through Tyler as a third-party software provider, the acquisition will not have a material effect on revenues. Also during the first quarter, we acquired UniFund L.L.C., which provides ERP solutions to schools and local governments. UniFund, located in Nashua, New Hampshire, is a reseller of Tyler’s Infinite Visions school enterprise solution. UniFund’s more than 250 clients located throughout the Northeast are now Tyler customers and its approximately 30 employees joined Tyler as well. UniFund had total revenues of approximately $5.5 million in 2011. Subsequent to the end of the first quarter, we announced the acquisition of Computer Software Associates CSA, effective April 2nd. CSA founded in 1982, is based in Billings, Montana. It is a reseller of Tyler’s Infinite Visions school enterprise solution in the Northwest. In addition, CSA built and maintains a robust line of proprietary software for county governments. This software includes solutions for land and vital records indexing for county recorders and tax solutions for county treasurers. Both products are highly competitive and complement Tyler’s existing application suites, while further increasing Tyler’s market share nationwide and in the county recorder and tax business. CSA had approximately $8.2 million in total revenues during 2011 and has more than 200 installations in 10 states. The CSA transaction complements 2 other recent Tyler acquisitions, Windsor Management Group and UniFund. Of the $13.7 million combined revenues in 2011 for UniFund and CSA, approximately $2.4 million is already passed through to Windsor. Now, I’d like Brian to provide some more detail on the operating results. 
John Marr: No, not really. I would characterize the market as having remained in a much lower activity range through the middle of last year. And as we started to see and report the second half of last year, our bookings and experience were improving. And I would just say that, that continued, that did continue through the first quarter and we’re still experiencing that in the second quarter. So I would not want to characterize it as some significant step up, but there certainly is some improvement. And I think it’s mostly attributable to these deferred projects that really do need to be addressed at this point. 
John Marr: Yes. It’s a good observation. Obviously, the maintenance we report is not, that revenue was not included in the quarter. But we’ll be very conscious as we have been with our own business that, wow there’s a new business market and license and associated with that. We’ll be anxious to build our recurring revenue underneath that and look forward to where that supports our investment in the product and the licenses can be incremental and much higher margins. So, the fundamentals in building that business are very similar to our own proprietary business. Obviously, we’re just getting our royalty of that. So the sales to the customer were much higher. The reseller, or channel partner, kept their share there and then we share in the royalty that Microsoft gets after that. But we do have an arrangement with Microsoft, where both Tyler customers as well as their proprietary customers of all of their Dynamics products have a low cost transition, if they choose to, from their existing Microsoft or Tyler solution to AX. And I think that’s important and it will help us build that support base, et cetera. So a number of these were transitional clients, or licenses were artificially low. But again they have, they’ll help us build more in the way of the recurring support maintenance. 
John Marr: So what was reported in this quarter was for the fourth quarter of 2011, the product was released in August. So it’s very early, the normal sale cycle wouldn’t allow a normal process to be executed and a decision to be made. So obviously these were people that were waiting for the product and purchased it almost on its release. I think in another couple of quarters what we’ll see is more of the normal sales process resulting in those sales. So we’re -- I’d be looking for what happens a year after it was released, so what happens in the third quarter will be reported in our earnings in the fourth quarter this year -- that’s when we’ll start to see numbers that have been through the normal sales process. 
John Marr: Okay. What Brian is referring to is, I think the market in general is behaving normally and what we’ve expected, it’s healthy. We know the states and the counties that are in the process or about to and I don’t think there is any surprises there. But significant change in the court marketplace recently was that the State of California that had a build going on with really IT services partners, very significant project, $1.9 billion project actually, that they effectively pulled the plug on that project. So the 83 counties in California, they really had been on hold for some time and a lot of – there probably had been very few purchases or transitions in the last 10 years in California and many of those counties are using systems that are 15 or 20 years old. They now all have to come up with their own independent strategies and no longer can just sit on the sidelines and wait for the State system to come out. So, obviously, California is a very, very significant sized state. And as I said there is 83 different counties of all different sizes. And so all of sudden, there is certainly is a new market opportunity that wasn’t there previously. We would hire, if the kind of people that could be helpful to us were available, but it’s a highly specialized skill to really know the courts, have the relationships and they are not just strict salespeople, these are people that need to be a resource to the courts in making their plan. So, probably there maybe a couple of new bodies that we’re able to find, people that can be effective. But for the most part, we’re going to have to lean on the people we have because building those skills is -- would only be a distraction really at this point. We’ll use the people we have for the most part. 
John Marr: I don’t – I don't want to comment on those individual processes. As you indicated there are number of states that are in the process. We don’t expect to -- our back-to-back quarters with deals like Oregon and Maryland as we did last year, but there certainly remain a number of significant opportunities out there and we do expect that division to have -- continue to have higher growth than Tyler experiences Tyler-wide. There will be marginal growth in both sales and development, but I think we’ve been staffed there for a higher level of business and that there will be leverage between the relationship between development, growth and cost and sales growth and cost and our ability to grow the division as a whole. So we would expect that those would have some leverage and support margin expansion over time. Where we will see the biggest headcount growth will be in the professional services side, of implementing these systems and that is -- that has less leverage in that model. So you’re seeing some of that in the first quarter in courts, but really Tyler-wide, where we have to go out and bring in some resources, and there's some period of time while we’re training those people and getting them up to speed before we can deploy them and generate revenue. So, we saw some of that with courts and again Tyler-wide in the first quarter. And we’ll see some of that throughout the year. 
John Marr: Well, it’s a blend of that. Clearly, they bring some access to geography and marketplace that we weren’t as strong in as we are in other places. But the product also has a very competitive position and even in the few months that we’ve had the products, it’s been successful in the marketplace and I’m very, very pleased with that. I think the transactions would have stood on more of a consolidation play, as a positive acquisition for us, but again our hope was and what our current experience is, is that product is competitive. It’s competitive in some sub niches that we’re not and that we don’t have a stronger presence in what our other products, so it’s a bit of a blend. We will certainly continue to sell that product, invest in it and support it going forward. I don’t see it as a product necessarily, though, that gets leveraged over our other sales channel, so somewhere in between. 
John Marr: Obviously, we’ve had what we felt was a great opportunity in our stock over the last 2 years and I think bought just under 20% of the outstanding stock in 2010 and 2011. So, we don’t really have a sense of urgency to have to buy more of it at this point. Obviously, we’re pleased that the stock has appreciated very nicely through acquisitions, the previous stock buybacks, investments in our own facilities, we’ve deployed a lot of capital and actually have $50 million it’s off the line of credit at this point. So I think we’re in a position where we don’t need to be overly aggressive and can be somewhat patient, but certainly if there were an opportunity in the stock, as in the past, we’d be aggressive again. 
John Marr: It’s different for -- what’s interesting and what we’re pleased with is that somewhere around and even split of those customers have come from the new business market and the other side coming from existing long-term customers, really. And I think the catalysts of those decisions are different. So, when somebody comes to us in the first place or buys our system in the first place the catalyst generally is, as we’ve discussed, that they’ve got the deferred pent-up demand and they a system that really is reaching a point that it isn’t reliable and still 80% of those purchase on-premise because they have the infrastructure and they have the people, the IT resources, to support that system, although 20% adoption is a glowing percentage of that business for us. And what we’re finding in the basis is what you indicated as the latter, which is generally after they have the system sometime and after they have had a relationship with us that they’ve become comfortable with, we'd become a real partner of theirs, then when they have a point where they need to reinvest in their infrastructure or they have their IT professional exiting the workforce, and the people that they’ve been comfortable with supporting their system no longer available to them, that becomes a catalyst. They say, hey, instead of making that significant investment or instead of trying to find new IT specialists that don’t know our specific needs the way the people that have been here 20, 30 years know, they go and take a look at the SaaS offering and partnering with us on that. Obviously, our inside sales channel looks for those symptoms and offers SaaS transition as that approaches. So, again, the catalyst for our new clients versus transitional clients are little bit different. And we’re pleased that, that keeps moving along very nicely. 
John Marr: Yes. Little bit, not too much into the competitive nitty-gritty, but I think in the courts area, especially in the higher-end deals, we probably have one of our strongest positions. We lost a couple of deals we would have liked a few years ago, but I think in the last 2 years or so we’re pretty much won all the important deals that we were involved in, so we’re very strong there. The product has always been strong there, but I think at this point our record on executing on the projects in a risk-adverse environment is very valuable to us as well. Obviously, it’s a broader market when you move to the financial systems and our biggest market there with a lot of different players. We’ve improved our win rates from, in real round numbers, from around 1/3 to around 1/2, which is a significant move, modestly better market. So we’re seeing a higher level of business there. I think pricing pressure has become a little more of an issue, so I think the reasons for losses have been more cost-oriented over the last year or so then quality of the software or reference ability are the traditional decision points. Tax and appraisal will probably improve modestly as well. We’ve had a kind of a re-look or improved user experience there that has definitely had some traction and done well in recent decisions as well. 
John Marr: RP activity the last couple of years has been off about 30% from the environment before the recession, if you will. And it’s probably up in between 10% and 15% range from that level. So, it’s recovered somewhat, but not back to where it was before. 
John Marr: Well, its $1.5 million for the quarter, so our annual run rate is around $5 million now. If all of them are on, it would certainly be a multiple of that. I don’t think it would be $50 million, maybe in the $20 million range, but I don’t really have that number. As Brian indicated, a big thing is whether or not it’s mandatory. So to simply implement e-filing and just see what the adoption is, you’re going to have relatively low adoption or it’s going to take a very, very long time to ramp that up. So what’s critical is not just to get the clients to adopt it, but to pass some legislation where it’s mandatory, at least for certain types of filings. And then, obviously, the adoption is very high, and the ramp up happens very quickly. So it’s kind of a 2-tier process to get the courts to want to do it and agree to do it, but have them also lobby for the legislation that makes it mandatory. 
John Marr: On the licenses, we would expect higher growth than that throughout the year, although it’s always the hardest number to project. Some of it's in backlog and some of it -- has better visibility, but there is always a component of it that is more sell and deliver and recognize. And then, obviously, it’s hard to project new business in terms of what’s going to be SaaS versus traditional and obviously if it’s SaaS, we’re fine with that, but that could put some -- it could keep the growth to a lower level. But our current expectation is that the growth for the year would be at a higher level than what we saw in the first quarter. 
John Marr: Okay. Thank you, Amy. And thank you for joining us on the call today. If you do have any future questions, feel free to call Brian or myself. Have a great day. 
Brian Miller: And Nate, on the revenue recognition. At this point, we’ll generally recognize all of our royalty upfront. We earn it without a further obligation. And in the quarter following the quarter in which the sale is made, we get that reporting typically 30 days after the end of the quarter so after we’ve already reported our earnings. And at this point, we don’t have a basis to estimate that. So we’ll record that in the quarter following the quarter that the sale is actually made in. 
Brian Miller: Yes. That’s the incremental over last year’s first quarter. It will be a little bit higher than that because the UniFund acquisition really was only in for a month and CSA, the latest one was not in this quarter at all. It was in April. So I think on a quarterly basis between the 4, or between the 3 acquisitions it’s probably going to be closer to about $1 million a quarter. So it will be a little bit higher than where we are right now. 
Brian Miller: We talked about broadly that it’s kind of north of 40% growth rate on our subscriptions. That’s certainly a component, and I think that will grow much in line with our overall subscription growth. There a number of clients that are in various stages of ramp-ups. With new e-filing customers, there typically is fairly long ramp up period particularly between the time the system is implemented and the time that the jurisdiction may make use of it mandatory, and certainly the adoption rates go up significantly when it becomes mandatory. And so, we have clients like the State of New Mexico that are moving towards that mandatory status. We’ve got clients some like some of our clients in the State of Minnesota that there are in pilot project situations. And so, we do have projects in the -- or customers in the pipeline that are moving towards that higher level of business and so, I think that we would expect to grow in that 30% to 40% range this year. 
Brian Miller: There is some new license business and we did give the breakdown in the call in terms of how much of the new -- of each revenue line in the quarter came from acquisition. But these businesses are primarily maintenance oriented there similar to the rest of our business. And just a second, I’ll give you a little bit more of the split. In total those businesses, UniFund, CSA and Windsor, generate about in the range of $15 million in maintenance out of, say, $24 million in total revenues. And we’re not sure exactly how that fall out this year because of the maintenance haircut we take in the first year with purchase accounting. But in the range of $15 million of maintenance out of $24 million of revenues, and the balance of the revenues are fairly evenly split between new licenses and professional services. 
Brian Miller: I don’t know. I know New Mexico is currently mandatory or it has made it mandatory, but there is a phase-in period. A couple of states we currently have, and I think North and South Dakota, are on -- have e-filing that they purchased it on a license basis. And I don’t believe we’re doing e-filing in New Hampshire, Indiana. Minnesota is working towards the pilot project now. So, I think it’s really right now only -- and then it’s been -- we have an agreement with Maryland that obviously hasn’t implement it yet. So, I think there is only one of our states that’s really fully on the mandatory and I’m not sure what the status on the rest of them are. 
Brian Miller: That’s about 10%, about 12% of the revenue in the quarter I think was SaaS with total subscriptions. And of that, it’s about -- when you take out the e-filing and online payments, the real SaaS type arrangements was just shy of $7 million in the quarter. 
