John Marr: Thank you, Sue. And welcome to our first quarter 2013 earnings call. With me on the call today is Brian Miller, our Chief Financial Officer. First, I'd like for Brian to give the Safe Harbor statements, next I'll have some preliminary comments, Brian review the details of our operating results, then I'll have some final comments and we'll take your questions. Brian.
John Marr: Our first quarter financial performance builds upon improved performance in 2012 and was our ninth consecutive quarter of yearoveryear revenue growth, as well as our 48th consecutive profitable quarter. We had organic growth of almost 12% and total growth of nearly 16%. Our recurring revenues from subscriptions and maintenance continue to be the primary driver of our growth as together they grew almost 20% and represented approximately 62% of total revenue for the quarter. Also, license and royalty revenues were up almost 17% over the last year, primarily because we recorded $891,000 of royalties from Microsoft Dynamics AX sales. We are encouraged by the increase in royalty revenues this quarter, which exceeded the amount recorded for the entire year of 2012.  Averaging our recurring revenues led to an increase gross margins of 60 basis points and our nonGAAP operating margins grew 350 basis points and 19.5% as we held the increase of SG&A expenses and R&D expenses below our overall revenue growth rate. Bookings in the first quarter grew 36% over the last year. New contact signing were solid across all our software products suites while the appraisal services market was somewhat slow. The growth in bookings reflects a continued gradual improve in the broader marketplace. But we believe it is more attributable to the strength of Tyler's competitive position, including our cloud-based offerings. During the quarter we signed an agreement with the State of Rhode Island Judiciary for our Odyssey Integrated Courts and Justice solution. The agreement is valued approximately $6 million and will generate attractive recurring revenues from both maintenance and e-filing. Rhode Island represents our ninth statewide client for Odyssey Our ERP solution had a number of meaningful wins across the country ranging from the City of Palace (inaudible), California to (Inaudible) Florida.  Our EnerGov planning, permitting and licensing solutions which we acquired late last year also has an active pipeline in Q1 contracts where our newest addition include the Cities of Jupiter, Florida and Temecula, California.  Now I'd like for Brian to provide more detail on the results for the quarter.
John Marr: Sure. This really goes back to, kind of characterize this before that 2010, 2011 were pretty tough years in the market place based on the environment and a lot of companies cut back significantly on their R&D and their investment and some companies literally probably moved from an active new business company to maybe more of a legacy company. A number of companies went through combinations, companies that were acquired or merged into other companies and aren't the same in the new business market. So, while we had very limited growth one year very was pretty much flat one year, low growth in that period of time, we continue to invest and the competitive position of these products reflect that now.  We don't want to necessarily publish our own competitive data entirely, but to answer your question, yes, pretty much across the board our win rates directly against specific competitors that we track and more broadly across the market place have improved. 
John Marr: Yes. Sure. Yes, no question the investment and building up the infrastructure and the team that will support that project. It has clearly started, but heads and capital investments will continue. So it will build somewhat throughout the year. It's in the plan and pretty much as expected. Maybe make that a little more robust since the beginning of year in terms of just the reality that we really see this coming at us pretty quickly. So, but again, mostly in the plan and nothing really new there.  There are some revenues in the plan that you mentioned January. We don't expect it, law offices come to work on January 2nd and just all the sudden start filing things. So, they'll be some ramp up later this year, but that's a little uncertain just how much of that will occur, but we have some revenues in our plan anticipating that, obviously, people will start using the system and easing into it in the latter part of this year.  As we mentioned on the call it's the larger counties that were mandated first. So, yes, it will kind of spike up significantly beginning next year maybe in a ballpark way maybe twothirdsish of what the project ultimately will produce, but that run rate should be pretty much on only a few months into next year that we should be at again maybe a run rate of around twothirds of what they will ultimately produce and then the rest of those small counties will build off the balance over a period of two and a half years.
John Marr: Sure. I think the 20 million would be on the high end of the range that we'd estimate that this would eventually perform at. So, you might want be cautious with that. You might want to use 16 or 18, in fact, back into it from there. I think 20 would be on the high end of the range. In terms of Microsoft deals, yeah, we obviously we'd like that quarter it's certainly not a game changer. We didn't expect it would have an explosion I think we've been cautious to guide people that way. We'd like to see nice gradual building of that. Some quarters will ramp up and it could slide back up a little bit. I think it probably be very disappointed not to say you one have a bad quarter here or there I wouldn't read too much into it, but I think it probably shouldn't fall back to that level. You're building a customer base too, right. So, is recurring revenue now being realized through that so we should start to see a base of even recurring revenue with baseline of new license sales that I think should be consistently above what we saw in Q4. So again, if you see a quarter like that I wouldn't react to it that would be on a very low end of ongoing run rate range if you want to look at it that way. Yes, we're happy with the quarter, because it really included the things we're looking for, a number of customers was significant, the geographical reach was significant, which I mean we've got partners in their own channels engaged around the world really involved in that. And having a single big deal you could say doesn't reoccur necessarily, so I wouldn't necessarily break that number as a run rate, but it is also good to see that this is what we want. Tyler has its own direct business, its own proprietary products, its own channel with Dynamics here and domestically, but winning a significant tier one deal, if you will, against tier one players in geographies that we have absolutely into exposure on our own is part of what we were trying to accomplish with the Dynamics opportunity. So, I think that was the good quarter. It's probably a little hot to think of it as a new run rate, but I would not expect it to fall all the way back to where it was in Q4. 
John Marr: I think the MSA I don't want to say its get signed and we take four orders the next day, but yes, I think there are a number of places that we're talking to that just have not run a process because they anticipate ordering off the MSA, so I think they will be a few of those.  Now, so far you've seen the first two deals are not real big counties or real big deals and that seems to be the case. The bigger counties in some of those counties in California are, obviously, as big as some of the statewide deals we've done those are going along at a slower pace. 
John Marr: I think the adoption of SaaS and cloud based solutions has moved capital a lot of years we've been operating systems for over 10 years and really hung out in the 10, 15% adoption range for a number of years as you said moving 20 last year and now this particular quarter around 30. It's clearly moving along. Now, whether it says at 30 or drops back, it's gradually, not so gradually building and you would expect that to happen. I would say while we didn't change guidance because we were comfortable within the brackets we have that that adoption is higher than was in our plan. So, the license numbers are a little lower than what we might have expected, but still significantly above last year in the total revenue that's a big part of the reason it was only marginally off expectations, but obviously marginally lower overall revenues somewhat lower revenues in favor of the adoption of SAS. Again, it's running a little ahead of plan, we certainly bed happy if it continues to grow from there and if it slides back I think we are seeing a more sustained adoption of that. The public sector slow to move and embrace these things, but I think we're seeing it although behind the commercial rate it's clearly happening. 
John Marr: Yes. In fact, as we mentioned on the call statewide deals we've been on a run since 2010. So, haven't lost a statewide deal in really haven't lost major county type deals over the last few years. So, it's definitely at least at that run rate now. It could be some smaller deals that we don't scale down into or generally the deals we're not winning are not really in our sweet spot. 
John Marr: Sure. E filings are done with the regular court channel so courts is an independent channel for us.  The case management Odyssey people as well as Odyssey filings is done pretty much with the same people. The acquisition we did a couple years ago which was (inaudible) net they brought with them what we call our product specialist, so they do the different people do the demonstrations and when you drill into the details but the channel and the sales management are the same people. The buybacks, obviously, we're thrilled we were as aggressive as we were when stock was at a lower value and fortunately, we did enough of it actually went into debt a little bit, done a number of acquisitions over the last couple of years as well, purchase and built some real estate, so deployed a lot of capital, got a little bit in debt which was fine, obviously, not highly leveraged in relation to our numbers. And now we're out of debt and starting to accumulate some cash, but certainly not at a point where we have to have more urgency in terms of deploying capital. So, I think while we certainly appreciate the reasons why our stock has gone up significantly and agree that those catalysts have significant value I think where we are right now we won't be very aggressive at these levels.Brian Kinstlinger Sidoti & Company, LLC.: Great, thanks so much.
John Marr: We simply said very soon. We don't control the process in the coming weeks we'd expect that that would be executed.
John Marr: Okay. Thank you, Sue. And thank you all for joining us on the call today.  If there are any further questions feel free to contact Brian or myself. Have a great day.
Brian Miller: Thanks, John. During the course of this conference call, management may make statements that provide information other than historical information, it may include projections concerning the company's future prospects, revenues, expenses and profits. Such statements are considered forward-looking statements under the Safe Harbor provision of the Private Securities Litigation Reform Act of 1995 and are subject to certain risks and uncertainties which could cause actual results to differ materially from these projections. We refer to you your form 10 K and other SEC filings for more information on those risks. Please note also that that all growth comparisons we make on the call today will relate to the corresponding period of last year unless we specify otherwise. John.  
Brian Miller: The staffing ramp up most of that is in Q2 and Q2, probably fairly evenly split between those two probably a little more weighted towards Q2 a lot the of Tex File hiring will take place there's plans for Q2. Typically, we don't necessarily get it all done as exactly as it's planned, but it would be pretty heavily waited towards two and three. Brian Kinstlinger Sidoti & Company, LLC : Thank you. I'll get back in the cue.
Brian Miller: In terms of revenues to be ramping through the year as well so in terms of absolute dollars we do expect SG&A to ramp during the year, but in terms of percentage of revenues we don't, we expect it to be at a lower rate than last year as we generate some of the we recognize some of the leverage there. Relative to Q4 there were it actually was down a bit. We had a higher incentive comp as sort of the catch up in Q4 of last year that's not there in the first quarter of this year and also some of the marketing expenses are more heavily weighted towards out of the first quarter into the last three quarters. See a little bit of ramp up in absolute dollars as well and commissions were actually lower in Q1 as a result of mix of revenues and people hitting their quotas in Q4 spiked commissions up a bit in Q4. So, as a result Q1 probably a little bit lower than we expect in terms of absolute dollars over the year, but we do expect to see a nice decrease in SG&A percentage of revenues. Scott Berg – Northland Capital Markets:  Great thank you.
Brian Miller: I'll get back to you on that in just a second.Daniel Cummins – B. Riley & Co.: Okay and with respect to the maintenance, the maintenance revenue base, right now how much is related to your court business and how much strength does the maintenance base perhaps get from your momentum in courts? As you said there's about a five point difference between the reported and the organic on the maintenance line, when does that settle down towards the 10 to 11% level?  Thanks. 
Brian Miller: Courts historically have a lower maintenance as a percentage of their total revenue and that is improving as we have these new customers and they come online. And we're seeing significant increase in maintenance in the courts and justice business. Also the acquisitions we've done that we did back in at the end of 2011 with Windsor and then the follow-up acquisition at the beginning of 2012 were more heavily weighted toward maintenance and revenue mix was more heavily in the maintenance field than in the new business market. So, we're still seeing that in the mix of growth there. The new acquisitions in terms of the backlog or the bookings this quarter didn't really add a lot. EnerGov had a couple of deals that were pretty meaningful, but the mix of the new bookings was more organic than the revenues. So, I would say it's more heavily weighted towards organic growth there.Daniel Cummins – B. Riley & Co.: Fantastic. Thank you, Brian.
Brian Miller: No, it would be similar to last year. Connect falls in the hardware and other both in both the revenues and the expenses and so you saw that spike last year of a couple million dollars from Q1 to Q2 in the cost of hardware and other and I think you'll see something similar this year.Jonathan Ho William Blair & Company: Great. Thank you. 
Brian Miller: AR actually went up a few days compared to the same quarter last year. It's really multirelated to primarily related to the acquisitions we have a higher level of maintenance billings that happened this quarter and so, when you have an elevated maintenance billings you get the receivable, but you don't have the corresponding revenues that go with that so it bumps your DSO's up a bit with we'll see those collections next quarter. We also had a couple of larger deals where we had more significant upfront cash collections where we had I'm sorry, cash billings where we were able to bill larger deposits up front, because of the terms of the contracts. Those weren't collected yet, but were billed during the quarter and again, be expected to be collected next quarter, but there's a billing without a corresponding revenue component, so it's not really an aging issue it's more the nature of the billings that we saw this quarter.Raghhavan Sarathy – Dougherty & Co.: Okay. Thank you.
Brian Miller: For the full year last year we finish the quarter E filing was at a run rate of a little over $6 million, the fourth quarter was around a million and a half. This year Q1 E filing was about a million seven. So we're on a run rate of a little that's than seven million. We do expect it to grow during the year. It's a little uncertain in terms of how the timing of these things kick in, particularly with some of the ones that are moving towards becoming mandatory. As I mentioned we have a little bit of Texas in there, but it's certainly a number that's less than $10 million it's in our plan for this year.Brian Kinstlinger Sidoti & Company, LLC: Can you explain do you have a dedicated sales force or is it just an extension now of Odyssey or any courts team?  And then separately, John, if you can comment in the many years I've followed you guys buybacks have been very aggressive for the company and we haven't seen them in a little bit so maybe talk about if that's something the board is evaluating right now will you get more aggressive do you think this year?  Thanks.
Brian Miller: We really don't get into breaking out the segment into subsegments too much. We have said that we were expect that courts and justice over the next couple of years would be faster growing. The other business units the ERP side is much mature has a lot more scale now it's harder to move the needle as quickly. And particularly with the E filing opportunities in some of the things we've talked about with respect to courts we expect that to grow faster, but if not explosive kind of growth. The schools business continues to be school specific products continues to be a bit more challenging market in terms of competitive landscape and so that business is growing a bit slower. And the ERP business is growing generally in line with our overall growth rates. 
