Mark F. McGettrick: Let me have Paul Koonce talk about Retail first and then I'll answer the Blue Racer joint venture question.
Mark F. McGettrick: Greg, onto the joint venture. We posted, when we announced the joint venture, anticipated cash earnings from this venture for the incentive to drop down certain assets and that's on our website. But in terms of asset contribution, you should think about, on average, over the next 3 years, about $100 million of contribution to the joint venture given to Dominion to put these -- to bring some underperforming assets in. In addition to that, we will receive proceeds from the joint venture for assets that are in them as well based on a 50-50 sharing with Caiman and we will go over on March 4, the strategic value of this joint venture, which we think is significant and has been overmissed or overlooked by investors. It allows us to eliminate $250 million in capital. It provides very clear midstream earnings for us for at least 3 years and it provides us a foundation that we think should grow significantly in Utica region both in the South in the Central and in the North. So we'll talk about that on the 4th.
Mark F. McGettrick: It's going to show up in 2 places, Paul. The one in December showed up as a credit to O&M. So lower O&M expenses. In the future, you're going to see it show up in that line. You're also going to show it up in the Dominion Transmission and the Dominion East Ohio line depending on what assets are earning. So it'll show up in 3 different places and we'll highlight those each quarter for you.
Mark F. McGettrick: It should show up in revenue, but it will be a separate line from regulated distribution contributions.
Mark F. McGettrick: It's not the volumes going through Hastings. The difference there are the volumes that are attributable to Natrium and since Natrium will be dropped into the JV in 2013 and beyond, we removed those move from the hedging volumes that are shown in that table.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul commented in that in the last quarter's call, and we'll go ahead and have him comment on it again.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think, Michael, we view it as a blip. We have stronger new connect issue than we had last year. We expect to have stronger new connects in '13 than we had in '12. We still grew 1.5% weather-normalized, our sales growth driven heavily by data centers, almost half of our growth. So we think on the CapEx side, we have a good handle on it for the next couple of years. You shouldn't expect a big pickup or a big drop-off.
Mark F. McGettrick: I'll talk more on the 4th but generally, it's about $250 million or so in the first year and the balance in 2014.
Paul D. Koonce: The only observation I would make is, for example, when the city of Chicago takes 1 million customers and they put that into an aggregation business, that 1 million customers that really are not participating in retail choice. I view the aggregation business as a wholesale business with a retail load shape. It doesn't really -- the math doesn't work from a true retail perspective so what you end up with is the retail marketers really competing for the remaining market share, and that's where I commented about the Ohio PEC has initiated a proceeding to look at what role does aggregation play and what role does the provider of less resource play in either enhancing choice or frustrating choice. We think it frustrates choice.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. We think Pennsylvania is a very good choice market. Texas is very good choice market. There are examples out there but Pennsylvania is one that we're very active in and we've have had a lot of success.
Paul D. Koonce: Well, yes, I would -- it's the weather, it's the strong competition and the combination of low gas prices, which has -- it wasn't just in Texas, the mild weather was really throughout the entire mid-Atlantic, Midwest and Northeast. So I'd say the 3 things: the mild weather, competition and enhanced by low prices.
