Mark McGettrick: We will take that -- we will take that as an asset held for sale or discontinued ops in the first quarter. And we will net that with the proceeds of the sales, so those results will be available hopefully at the end of the first quarter. They've already been reflected in our guidance range that we put out and been removed from that guidance range.
Mark McGettrick: No. We have taken any anticipated results in 2014 out of our guidance range for the electric unregulated retail business.
Mark McGettrick: Dan, the process is pretty straightforward and we want to make it as transparent as possible. A lot of people when they file their S1s for review, they file it confidentially. So that they can address any questions that might come out from the SEC. The approach we are taking is we are going to file it publically. So as soon as we put it on the shelf everyone will be able to see what is in it and make their own conclusions. But the process essentially is once you file it the SEC will go back and put [ph] on questions that they might have and we will have to resolve those anything that’s not clear to them within the filing. And that process usually takes about three months or so.  So again we believe ours will be straightforward with the assets that we targeted. We think there will not be much controversy around it, but I am sure will be some clarity of filing, because the filing will be as all of them are extensive. So that is pretty much administrative I guess the way I would describe it after you file it at the end of the first quarter. 
Mark McGettrick: I just target mid-year, because -- we can’t really control the SEC approval process, [indiscernible] on there but certainly we think three months after filing is a reasonable period of time. And mid-summer is probably an extension if everything goes according to plan.
Mark McGettrick: Dan, we will address that question when we make our annual filing with the SEC here at the end of the first quarter. Those numbers are still being worked on.
Mark McGettrick: Good morning. First the two approval, Maryland has a system where they have a coordinating/administrative law judge who coordinates all the various permits that have to be issued for any individual project. He has already issued -- he or she, whoever the judge is, has issued a order already which is I think the third week in May, 22nd or 23rd of May some -- it’s a date like that, which all the decisions have to be made. As I mentioned earlier, one of the permits is the CPCN permit, generation facility at the site which the Maryland Public Utility Commission staff has recommended approval on in their filings, a couple of weeks ago. So we expect the Maryland, all the various pieces, the Maryland process to be finished third week in May. FERC process is moving along as we anticipated. I know there is lots of talk out in the markets about what’s going on in various places in the process. We are fully engaged in it and we have no reason at all to change our expectation that we’ll have a FERC permit before the -- during the first half of the year. Once we have those two permits that will clear the way for whatever else is necessary to do our IPO.
Mark McGettrick: I think Steve, its going to be two things, one it’s going to be the number of solar projects that we actually land in ‘14 versus ‘15. And the second will be, as it was mentioned on the number of other calls, we’re in the final stages of closing out the IRS audits, legacy audits, we’ve been doing over the last couple of years. We are two years left to do that. We’re going to finish those in 2014. So those are kind of one-time event and the risk, the other difference would be the solar.
Mark McGettrick: No, we think it’ll be a net positive. The dynamics surround it day-to-day are hard to predict with these spiking gas prices.
Tom Farrell: Angie, this is the way we think about it, first of all, when we talk about 5% to 6%, we talk about the weather normal. So for example, let's use '13 results look into '14, we produced earnings of $3.25 in 2013, we had headwinds of $0.10 for weather. So our baseline is $3.35 when discussing what the growth rate should be off that. We came out with a range of $3.35 to $3.65 per share for this year, 5% I think, the math is about $3.51, and 6% would be about $3.55, its right about in the middle of that range. We try to do $0.05 increments, so we're not penny accurate on this, but we feel very comfortable that with normal weather a 5% to 6% growth rate off of $3.35 is achievable.
Tom Farrell: Angie, the two assets that we're considering to enter into an MLP with one would be Cove Point, that's a capacity-based contract it has no commodity sensitivity at all, actually both on imports and on the exports side. The other assets are in Blue Racer, a vast majority of those assets are on fixed price contracts, there is some volume variability on portions of it, but again not very sensitive at all to commodity. So our MLP assets should have very stable visible earnings as we are able to disclose what assets we drop down first.
Tom Farrell: I don’t have it – for 2012, we will see if we can get that here while we have you on the phone. 2013 it was about $0.12 a share.
Tom Farrell: Okay, well pretty straight forward, for ‘13, again it’s about $0.12 for the total, it’s about $0.06 for electric. And you can see on the chart where we show guidance from 2013 and 2014 where we took out the $0.06 for the electric piece for that business. For 2012, Craig, that number looks like, it’s about $0.21 in terms of earnings from the retail business.
Tom Farrell: Okay. As you can say from the earlier question, Mark answered about the margins that we got from the electric business in 2012 and the margins we got in the electric business in 2013. And I think it’s all you have seen from the lot of our colleagues in the industry that have these retail businesses. The margins in the electric side of business have been shrinking. And you see increased volatility happening. Once now, the economy is coming back and we have -- looks like maybe have a normal winter.  At least early part of the winter has been pretty normal or cold depending upon where you are. The combination of those factors leads us to -- it’s like our producer services business we exited earlier in 2013. It just doesn’t fit our business model. We have seen that in the first – we have been doing this business for almost 14 years, and gas is a very different business. Our products and services is a very different business because of where we sell the electricity in those regular retail markets and where we have assets, you don’t have a matching capability of any real significance.  So with the combination of those things, we have been looking -- we look at all of our businesses all the time about what fits and what doesn’t fit. And we have outstanding people that have been running our retail books for these years, our electricity retail book but it just doesn’t fit our business profile as we go forward.
Tom Farrell: One of the impacts you are seeing is the recognition by ISOs that there is not enough capacity in these markets. In New England and PJM, you’ve seen issues around demand side management in PJM. You’ve seen the recent changes in the capacity markets in NEPOOL. That’s a very significant positive development for us, particularly in NEPOOL. This is the 17th auction that’s coming up. So that’s a couple years out. But I think the biggest thing for us – because we’re down to such few unregulated assets is finally getting the recognition we believe that these markets are underserved and that more capacity is needed and hopefully that will reflect itself in these markets over the next few years.
Tom Farrell: Now we have – there is no prospect about selling any of our merchant power plant we have remaining. Manchester in Rhode Island and obviously Maelstrom, Connecticut are two extraordinarily valuable assets for us as is Fairless Works in Pennsylvania. So there’s – if you’re talking about our generating assets, there is no – we have no inclination whatsoever to sell those assets.
Tom Farrell: It’s a volatile market out there. We are not going to quantify it for you but it’s extraordinary to watch.
Tom Farrell: Again that is, that’s in our Gas Holdings business right now. We're looking at that and to see on eligibility down the road. But if you remember all we’ve committed to you thus far is a billion dollar plus or minus EBITDA for MLP out of Cove Point and Blue Racer. So we'll have time to look at those other issues down the road.
Tom Farrell: Yeah. This is utility scale. We are -- we started last year, actually in the year before looking at utility scale Solar that is going to accelerate. We put -- we developed some land many years, it has been at least five years ago now maybe longer. And to see how that would work and what the value was for our shareholders and our customers. And we think Solar depicts our model that, kinds of things we will be looking at, we'll have power purchase agreement with them, we're not going to be in the merchant solar business. But we're looking at that part and we see some method and profitability.
Tom Farrell: Stephen, we had a very good fourth quarter in terms of low growth and sales growth. And we finished the year quite strong across all the segments. And I think one reason we wanted and to clarify what we thought future growth looks like with the whole year, is we're really looking to see what was going to happen in terms of sequestration and the federal budget approval. Both of those issues were kind of resolved early in the fourth quarter. We had very strong new connects last year, over 31,000, we expect higher. All reports that we see not only Northern Virginia but around the state, show a pretty strong residential market improving. And we think with the funded budget amount coming out of the government, commercial is going to be strong for us again next year and governmental is going to recover. Data center growth -- let me give you a feel for the fourth quarter. Our data center growth quarter-over-quarter grew 17% in the fourth quarter. We see clear path in 2014 for it to grow another 13%. So that's going to provide half of our growth just by itself. The other half of the growth would be spread across customer classes. So we are certainly optimistic that 1% is very achievable and we hope it's going to be better and get back to more of a norm of 2%, 2.5%, which is a historical growth figure in Virginia.
Tom Farrell: Sure. Happy to do that. And let me make sure I reference the right level for the previous question on sales growth. We're quite confident at 1.5%. I think that's for the sales, but just want to make sure I have the right number. In terms of gas basis, it has been an extraordinary merry-go-round here -- around PJM and also in the Northeast.  And gas units, the dispatching of those units have gone for huge numbers in some days and other days, they don't even clear the market because gas has played so much. So the basis particularly in around Fairless has been huge. We're beneficiary on most days of that. We would like that long term, but I think what it really shows, Steven, is that the infrastructure or lack of infrastructure in lot of these regions is pretty extreme and is having a pretty unusual dispatched impact on lot of the efficient gas units around the system.
Paul Koonce: Right now what we have been able to do is really re-purpose, re-optimize lot of the gas flows on the systems. So lot of the transportation agreements that we have been doing to date has really required pretty minimal amounts of capital, bidirectional meters and things of that nature. And clearly the basin as in general and our systems specifically are running out of those opportunities. So I think what we will see is we will transition into higher CapEx projects but for now we are able to accomplish a lot just given the nature of our system. 
Paul Koonce: Well, certainly it’s a very active period and yes, those targets become defined, we have a very rigorous process here where we take it through and get the board approval and then we incorporate those in our five year plans and update our capital budgets at year end. So yes, I think when we get to that point you will see some change there.
Paul Koonce: Yes. This is Paul with Dominion Energy. Our storage is fully contracted. I mean we’re the second or third largest storage operator in the world, in North America. All of that storage is really under long-term straight fixed, variable rate design contract. I think what it has done is reminded local distribution companies and pipeline companies that are customers of ours why these assets are important and why it’s important to keep them contracted. So with the mild weather and with all the lines associated with the Marcellus and Utica, I think there were some that we’re thinking that perhaps these assets were needed but what we experience in January is reminded everyone that current transportation and current storage have real value.
