Steven Ridge: Thank you, Bob and good morning. Our first quarter 2023 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 8 were $0.99 per share which included $0.10 of hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service areas. I'll note that this was one of the warmest first quarters on record for our electric utility service areas. Positive factors as compared to last year were normal course regulated growth, higher sales and higher Millstone margins. Other factors in addition to weather include higher interest expense, lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market-based rates, the absence of solar investment tax credits and O&M timing. Normalized for the negative impact of weather, our results would have been $1.09 per share, above the midpoint of our weather normal guidance range by $0.04 as a result of a combination of several small drivers including Millstone margins, depreciation and taxes. First quarter GAAP results reflect a net income of $1.17 per share which includes the positive noncash mark-to-market impact of economic hedging activities and unrealized gains in the value of our nuclear decommissioning trust funds. A summary of all adjustments between operating and reported results is included in Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving now to guidance on Slide 9. Given the pending business review, we are not providing full year 2023 earnings guidance. For the second quarter of 2023, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.58 and $0.68 per share. Last year's second quarter operating earnings were $0.77 and included $0.01 hurt from worse than normal weather. The second quarter 2023 guidance midpoint of $0.63 per share represents a decline of $0.14 as compared to last year but is in line with our expectations since the beginning of the year. Let me spend a minute on the key drivers for the quarter as compared to last year. Positive drivers include higher sales, lower Millstone planned outage impacts, normal weather and modest O&M timing. Other drivers are primarily and as previously highlighted, higher interest rates, lower DEV margins for certain utility customer contracts with market-based rates and the lack of solar ITCs. Turning now to credit. For the avoidance of Dow, there have been no changes to our business review commitments and priorities, including with regard to credit. As we've discussed, despite meaningful qualitative improvement over the last several years, our credit metrics need strengthening. This was highlighted by S&P, who recently revised its outlook from stable to negative for the Dominion family of issuers. Recall that the outlook designation typically signifies a 1/3 probability of change in rating over the next 12 to 24 months. I'd note that S&P maintained its stand-alone credit profile for VEPCO at A and maintain Dominion's business risk profile as excellent but suggested that counter measures were likely needed to strengthen the company's future credit metrics. As we've said before, we desire to emerge from the review with the ability over time to consistently meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds even during temporary periods of cost or regulatory pressure. As part of the review, we're analyzing the most efficient sources of capital to improve our balance sheet and fund our robust capital investments while seeking to minimize any amount of external equity financing need. No change on either of these 2 points from prior investor communications. Turning to Slide 10 and briefly on O&M management. We know it's our responsibility to constantly look for ways to optimize the efficiency of our operations without losing sight on the absolute necessity of meeting high customer service standards. Based on the most recent data published by FERC last month, we've updated our electric O&M management relative to peers. As you can see, we have a track record of operating efficiently for our customers and shareholders which is clearly reflected, as Bob described on Slide 6 in our competitive rates as compared to national and regional averages. We've driven down costs through improved processes, innovative use of technology and other best practice initiatives. As part of the review, we are evaluating what we can additionally do on costs within the context of the significant operational and cost efficiency we achieved over the years. Before turning it back over to Bob, let me echo his enthusiasm for the future of our company. I, too, am encouraged by the progress of the review and look forward to sharing the results during our investor meeting later this year. I'll now turn the call back over to Bob.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Thanks, Shar. I think on the third quarter call of 2022, when we announced the business review, we did make some commentary on our focus on continuing our track record of being a very efficient operator. And I think what we said at that time which I think was well put by Jim Chapman was that while we believe there's opportunity and we're constantly focused on looking at that. We don't view it in the -- through a lens of a game changer amount of incremental savings to what we've consistently accomplished. So as we're working through the business review, we continue to expect to find incremental efficiencies but we've been driving a lot of those efficiencies -- inefficiencies out of the business for a number of years as reflected in our O&M efficiency metrics and our rates. .
Steven Ridge: Steve, this is Steve. I'll take a shot at that as well. I think as we think about the Investor Day, the goal is to have isolated as many variables of the review as possible at the time that we address the market with the repositioning of the company for the long term. And obviously, given the business review is underway, it's a little bit difficult to provide sort of more specific guidance than that. But we are well down the path on the review. As Bob mentioned, we're pleased with the progress that we're making and we look to use the Investor Day to provide a refreshed strategic and financial outlook that will cover earnings and credit and financing and capital investment. And I think based on the progress we've seen to date, we will be well positioned to do that.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, we're targeting, as we have said from the beginning being able to give a very good sense of the long term for our company. So no change from what we expected when we started or when we most recently updated.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar. I think it's important to start off by noting that the commission is functioning effectively as evidenced by orders just within the last few weeks that I mentioned in our opening remarks on our Clean Energy III filing, 800 megawatts of solar and storage. And on the transmission line, that's important for us to be able to serve data center customers in Northern Virginia. So the commission is functioning well in its current configuration. I can tell you that the process and the constitution of Virginia is that when there are vacancies, the general assembly can elect judges to fill commissioners to fill those vacancies. If they're not in session, the governor could make an appointment for a term that would last until 30 days after the start of the next regular session. So that's the process. But I think it's important if you sort of step back and think about the regulatory construct in Virginia. If you look just at where we sit in Virginia, we've got low rates. We've got strong reliability. We've got a clear mandate from policymakers for energy security within an energy transition and as our IRP indicates, we've got very strong load growth. So we're sitting in a very good spot moving forward in the Virginia regulatory process. So the commission is functioning now. There is a process for adding 2 new commissioners. But sort of in the big picture, we're very well positioned in Virginia for strong regulatory outcomes in the future.
Robert Blue: I think there'll need to be some work done within the commission on how that will work. It's -- there was a similar provision in the law really starting back in 2007. And -- so we see it as an opportunity to demonstrate our excellent performance when we're in front of the commission. But I think it's a little early to establish exactly how that will play out.
Robert Blue: We have an obligation to serve customers in Virginia. It's our obligation and we build generation, transmission and distribution as necessary to serve that load. So that's the way that it has worked. That's the way it's going to keep working in the future. So we've got investments to make as you see from the IRP.
Robert Blue: Sure. Jeremy, as you know, we laid out in the plan 5 different scenarios. Some of them required by the commission from decisions in earlier proceedings. We have plans that as they should comply with the Virginia Clean Economy Act. Others, as I noted, required by the commission that don't necessarily comply with the Clean Economy Act but the commission asked for those scenarios as well. Across all of them, what we look for is the appropriate balance between investing to serve our customers reliably and the cost of that service. And compliance with all the rules and regulations that govern us, including the Clean Economy Act. This is -- the IRP is a snapshot in time. It's what -- when we look out 15 and with certain parameters, 25 years, what we think our demand will be as projected by PJM and then the investments that we need to make in order to serve that load. This changes, as you know, over time, when we have further proceedings, it will be adjusted, I'm sure. But we, as of the time of this filing, thinks that -- believe that this document lays out a pretty clear road map for different ways that we'd be able to serve what is very robust demand growth coming over the course of the next 1.5 decade or more.
Robert Blue: Yes. As we've said in prior calls, Jeremy, we think Millstone is an incredibly valuable asset to New England, both for reliability and decarbonization purposes. Our team operates that plant extraordinarily well. And as we think about the future of Millstone, we just see that it's very well positioned.
