Thomas F. Farrell: The -- first off, the weather has been below normal. That's not a discretionary issue. Those earnings are what they are. What Virginia Power earns is what it is. I think what you're referring to probably from the last review was the early retirement program where they carried it over and part of it, over into the second biennial review. That was not completely out of line with prior precedent. They've matched it to the retirement, actual retirements, but the effect of that, of course, was to bring over $100 million of that VSP into the second biennial review. And that's -- there won't be any discretionary issues around that. That cost is there according to the commission's own rulings. So I think when you take a look at what we've been dealing with, I think all of these costs are appropriately included in the biennial review period. They're expensed, as they have been according to all commission -- prior to commission precedent, and I expect we'll see -- of course, we don't know what we'll earn. We'll see how it'll go over the next 2 quarters, but that's where we stand today.
Thomas F. Farrell: First, with respect to the court case. First thing I would do is encourage anybody who really has any interest in it to read all of the briefs that have been submitted. They're all there on public file in the Calvert County, Maryland Circuit Court, and I think that you can draw your own conclusions about what the most likely outcome of the case is. Both parties have said the court has all the information -- all the parties have said the court has all the information it needs to decide the case. Lawyers would call it, these cross-motions for summary judgment. The hearing is in the fall. We would expect the decision from the court by the end of the year. And I think the documents are pretty clear that we can do liquefaction and that we can transport gas in and out of the site by pipeline. So -- but like I said, if you, people question that judgment, read the briefs yourselves and draw your own conclusions. Now with respect to the DOE, we -- I think most of the signals -- all the signals have been coming out of the administration, indicate that they do not intend to stand in the way of exporting this product. We should have some indication, hopefully by the end of the summer, from some of these outside studies that have been done, and I expect the DOE will move forth fairly rapidly with its permitting as soon as those are issued. So we're looking for this with our permit by the end of the year, and I have every expectation that we will receive one.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, first, remember the billion dollars is not actually in the plan. It's not in the growth plan. The growth plan is predicated on the projects that are identified. That said, we are working -- there's a lot of activity in Ohio. There's less activity in Pennsylvania and West Virginia, but there's still a tremendous amount of activity in Ohio. As I said, I think, during the call, well permits are up 50% just above last quarter's number. So drilling is still going on. We're working with a lot of drillers, producers on the gathering, primarily in gathering. We mentioned we've done an open season on a more of a larger pipeline project. So how much of the billion dollars? I don't know at this point, but we're working -- chipping away at that, and we'll have more information about that as we go through the course of the end of this year.
Thomas F. Farrell: If you'd -- by the first half of the decade, you're talking about through some time between now and 2015.
Thomas F. Farrell: That timeframe should work for Natrium 2, but we don't have any announcements to make affirmatively, one way or another on Natrium 2. We're still working with producers on that project.
Thomas F. Farrell: There -- I would say -- there are -- we don't have any processes ongoing, but let me just mention on asset evaluation. Said this for -- since I've been CEO of the company, which is nearing 7 years now, we are constantly evaluating our assets. If they face headwinds that we think cannot be overcomed in a -- overcome -- in a reasonable period of time, then we will evaluate whether we should sell the asset or shut the asset down. And it's not something we do on an intellectual basis. We have sold all of our power plants in South America. We sold a utility in the U.K. We sold a power plant in the U.K. We sold peakers in Ohio and Pennsylvania. We have shut down and we sold 1/3 of our company in our -- when we sold E&P business, so my point about all of this, we're constantly evaluating these assets. And if we don't think we can overcome the headwinds, then we'll -- we will act on it. But I don't have anything to announce on that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is Mark. If you look at history here in Virginia, we picked up $0.06 to weather last year. We picked up $0.08 to weather the year before. This is all in the third quarter. So if you do the math of it, we need a little bit of weather help between July 1 and the end of the year, but again, if you look at the history here, I think we're well within the bounds of the $3.10 to $3.30, assuming we get a little bit of weather help the rest of the year.
Mark F. McGettrick: That is exactly right, and it's a question we've had from a lot of folks. And we built this plan on normal weather, and so weather -- if normal -- if weather's extreme or right, you should always go back to the midpoint of our range, which is based on 5% to 6% weather normalized growth, and that's what you should expect us to have in 2013 as we start talking about guidance.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, Stephen, this is Mark. First, if you look at our hedge slide, I think it's on Page 9 in the deck, if you go back just one quarter and reference what '14 look like, I believe the hedge market position at that point was about $40 and some change. We show $42 here just in 3 months. If you look at the market forward price for '14 as of yesterday, it was almost $43. So this price has moved up in just 3 to 4 months by 6% or 7%, and we're well over 1.5 years away from a '14 midpoint number. So first of all, we think there's certainly a very good chance that prices will continue to improve '14 and beyond. But in addition to that, we will continue to look at, as we did in '13, in interest rate environment where we can protect ourselves with low interest rates through hedges in the out years to give us some help versus what we might be thinking about today. We're also continuing to look at expenses, which a lot of folks asked us early in the year whether we could offset the commodity headwinds in '12 with reduced O&M expenses. I think if you look at the first 2 quarters and what we expect the rest of the year, we've been able to do that. So we have a number of things that we're looking at for '14 and beyond, but again, if you look at power prices alone, they've improved dramatically just in several months, and we would hope they continue to improve.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think, the easy answer to that question, Jonathan, is we expect to have a resolution on Kewaunee this year. And we will certainly not carry it as a nonoperating expense beyond the end of this year, and we hope to have the auction complete and results announced by year end.
Mark F. McGettrick: $0.02 was margin expansion, and $0.03 were mark-to-market gains, which the vast majority will roll off this year.
Mark F. McGettrick: I'd say we're doing better in retail than we thought we'd be doing. Our margins particularly in our last reports have been better than expected, so we've been very, very pleased with the retail results so far.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we'll have to wait and see, but if the first and second quarter are reflective of the third and fourth quarter, then we would expect retail to have strong performance.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes. To compare it to last year, we had $0.08 drag in 2011 in the fourth quarter due to weather. So year-over-year, we would expect normal weather to be a pickup for us.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, there were a couple of things. One, cooling degree days were actually 4% off from norm, but humidity in the second quarter was very, very mild. So we got no extremes, and we're very close to norm for the whole period. And particularly, Virginia in the month of June, humidity drives increased sales for us, and we did not see that. So that was the main difference from a strictly degree day view.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, we're not in position today to do that. We'll talk more about that this fall as we put out guidance for '13 and beyond. But as you referenced, we've been quite aggressive with interest expense. We also have a lot of maturities, probably more than many companies this year and next, which should provide benefits for us. We called in some hybrids earlier. So Scott Hetzer and his treasury group are doing a lot of things. But we're not in a position today to give any tighter guidance on interest for '13.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, this is Mark. We're well down the road on how we plan on financing this project, but we'd really like to wait to talk about that until we have firmer cost numbers, until we have all of the service contracts locked down. But we spend a lot of time to what's optimal for shareholders in terms financing, and we hope to be in a position later this year or early next year to talk about Cove Point as a package, of which financing will be part of that.
Paul Patterson: Just wanted to understand the weather a little bit more. It looks like the cooling degrees were actually higher than normal. Is it -- what's -- is it the heating degree days that are doing it? Or is it the storms that are making it weather adjusted more mild than normal? I'm just sort of not completely clear on exactly what's driving that.
Paul Patterson: Okay. And then with respect to the outlook for weather normalized sales growth being less than what you guys have previously thought, just a little elaboration on why that is. You brought it down, I think, right? You guys had a higher number before. Now you guys think it's going to be a little bit more lower.
Paul Patterson: Okay, great. And then the Q2 -- I mean, Q3 we're seeing a lot of hot weather. I mean, I know you guys are a big -- you guys are in a very wide geographic area, but PJM has seen some very, very hot weather in general, as I think New England. And we haven't really seen all-time peaks, and I was wondering whether or not you guys were seeing anything on the demand response side, specifically sort of we have a new revenue tariff now on PJM with respect to the energy market and the ability to get paid there has changed. Just wondering whether or not you guys are seeing anything or if you got expectations in terms of outside of Virginia, just in PJM in general. Do you guys see anything happening there? Or I was just was wondering if you had any thoughts on that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. We have been looking at the megawatt hour sales. One of the drivers really is the actual consumption that we're seeing by the commercial sector. I think that's just part of the overall economic situation in the country, a little bit lighter megawatt hour sales to data centers, but we're protected revenue wise there because they enter into contract minimum demand. So we don't see it really having a material impact on us financially.
Paul D. Koonce: We've been -- we have a number of customers on our system that are participating in the PJM demand response programs. We have seen PJM call on customers as part of that program. One of the things that we see happening is PJM really tightening up who participates in those programs, so that for the industry, we can really confirm that when it's called on that they're actually performing. Though we're really not seeing anything out of the ordinary other than we continue to see PJM really tighten down on who can participate, and we think that's a good thing because it's going to become more reliable over time.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. This is Paul. We're seeing very strong new connects as compared to last year. We've had over about 15,000 new connects this year versus a little over 12,000 last year, year to date, so that's very positive. I think that shows us that developers and homebuilders are getting back out. They're turning dirt, and we're starting to see that activity in the form of new connects. Now it does take some time for new connect demand growth to really show up in our numbers, but that's a good early indicator. Generally speaking, the industrial loads are all looking strong. We've had some consolidations of industrial customers here in our service territory, but the overall economic strength is very good. I would say if you look for where there's some softness in our numbers, it's probably widely distributed among kind of the commercial sector. And I don't think that is coming as any real surprise given the overall economy throughout the country. But it's really distributed among a lot of various types of commercial accounts, whether it's laundromats or whether it's welding shops, those type of places. But we expect when the economy strengthens that, that's going to come back very well. So seeing good early strong indicators, industrial growth, the data centers still connecting. Just attended grand opening of a new data center yesterday. We plan to connect 9 this year. That's still on pace, so as I look at things going forward, we have a strong economy. It's widely distributed, and all the areas are really doing pretty well.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. As I indicated earlier, we've downed about 17 industrial accounts. That's what's on the schedule. That's principally a couple of consolidations with pharmaceuticals as one. Smurfit-Stone was acquired by Rock-Tenn. That's another. So there are some consolidations happening among of our industrial accounts. And again, in terms of sales year-over-year, I think it's a -- just a couple of different isolated areas where perhaps a few customers had stronger quarters last year but not anything really concerning.
