Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, it’s heard to hear you, but this is Mark. I think I got your questions, if I can address it on a little more depth. January and February for us was pretty close to expectations in terms of low growth. But March dropped off significantly for us and so the sales for the quarter were only up above 1%. We were very pleased with commercial sales. They were up about 3%, industrial sales which is a small item for us, but they were up by 1%, but our residential sales were fairly flat. We don’t have an answer for this for you today because something we’re monitoring closely and we will talk more about as we go through the year, but the reason, one of the principle reasons to announce the expense reduction program today is to safeguard ourselves from any potential sales shortfall if that would occur. If that doesn’t occur then some of those expenses will be put back into operating budgets later in the year, but we want to make sure we got out in front of this and we safeguard ourselves to we have a better picture on what sales might look at like this year.
Mark F. McGettrick: It’s going to be a combination of both, some will be structural changes, some will be timing changes that we will redeploy for future periods. We’re finalizing those plans now and should have that in place by the end of April. I will tell you one of the first steps we took in the first quarter was to significantly restrict new staffing for the company which typically is in the range of 300 to 400 new employees every year as a way to give us a running start on this has been managed very closely. And so based on that we think we’re in good shape as we implement other changes throughout the company and again as I mentioned previously some of them will be time based, some of them will be permanent.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, we’re always happy to talk to the parties about settlement. I think you have to let the process runs, scores at least for some period of time before people rounded to talk about that. I do think the issues are pretty limited. In this case, I’m sure people will want to talk about that going forward. Earnings band, for example that won’t affect base rates but we’ll have its impact in some regard in what the earnings test is for 2013 and 2014 and a little increment of that peers in the riders. So I think that will obviously be an area for discussion, but the accounting issues are not very complex.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, let me just mention the comparable to last year first and then I’ll turn it over to Paul to go into more depth on it. If you look at the reconciliation on the Schedule 4 which is in page 10, I think on the kit it shows the $0.07 quarter-over-quarter change from $0.13 to $0.12 and that was driven by two items, I talked about this at the Analyst Meeting on March 4 to expect this, we took a $0.05 of one-time mark-to-market gain in the first quarter of last year based on some commercial and industrial contracts that were deemed to be derivatives. So that was $0.05 of the difference the remaining $0.02 is just a normal roll off of those contracts that occur beginning in the first, second quarter last year and we’ll continue through the rest of this year. So, those are the two high level drivers, but in terms of the dynamics in retail let me ask Paul to comment on that.
Mark F. McGettrick: We’ll have to get back on that Paul its Blue Racer’s capital spend it’s not ours.Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company:  Understood, but I’m just trying to take you out, what…
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually, I think they just issued the schedule. Hearings are supposed to be in the first or second week of September.Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Okay.
Mark F. McGettrick: But there is a, Paul it’s in everyone else. Listen, there was a posted order that we’ll make sure we get on our website for you.Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Great.
Mark F. McGettrick: It’s on the State Corporation Commission’s website now.Paul Fremont – Jefferies & Company: Thanks very much.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think, if I recall that the second quarter of 2012, there was a $0.035 mark-to-market gain in retail which we don’t expect that in the second quarter of this year.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we were ready to drop in and they want to drop it earlier. The Blue Racer team is very excited to get these assets in place as quick as they can. We had a little bit of work to do on this pipe and we dropped it a month earlier based on their request and as being ready.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, I’d like give you a broader answer on it Stephen, but again we are still in the process of finalizing some of that. I think what you should expect for 2013 is a temporary reduction in expenses and have us evaluate here over the second quarter, and how many of those can become permanent over time. That’s why I emphasize the staffing, we can certainly address the new hires very quickly from previous employment levels that we anticipated as a quick savings mechanisms for us, but I’ll try to get into more color on that in the next call, the third quarter call, you’ll start to see some of those expenses materialize. But I don’t want to get in front of the process. We’re still discussing internally with the businesses and what’s appropriate, but we are very focused that on the levels that I discussed to ensure that we can meet our growth rates should sales fall short on us and to make up for the first quarter short-fall.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, this is Mark. One is – right now, I’m not comfortable seeing any of it is associated with the sequester. As I mentioned, the first two months of the year were fairly close to expectation for us, and March, for whatever reason, which we’re still evaluating, came in short. So I think we have to go through the year to figure just what are the drivers of any change, if there is any change. And so we’re taking a cautious approach here. But at this point in time, we have no basis to say that any of the shortfall is associated with the sequester activity.
Mark F. McGettrick: We established our hedging program years ago and if you look back over the last five years, I think, you’ll see that over that period of time, our hedging strategy has delivered more value to our shareholders than if we had not have a hedging program, actually every year of those years I believe. So what we’ll evaluate going forward but we don’t hedge, we don’t say the market, our idea what the hedging program is to, we’ll give earnings guidance, we want those assets to produce their share of the earnings guidance. So that’s why we hedged in these windows and roll in over time. We’re going to continue to do that. So that could turn you know we evaluate everything. We think that’s not the way to go about in the future, then we will certainly look at that, but for now, we’re content with the way we’re doing.
Thomas F. Farrell: Steve, I don’t have that sitting here in front of me, I apologize. We’ll get it, we’ll make sure, it’s posted on the website, it’s in the testimony.
Thomas F. Farrell: I wish, I can tell you it’s one issue that we can solve that we will point one finger out, but it was a variety of issues across our management of it and the contractor’s management of it, but it is I consider to be a one-off experience, we’ve made the changes we need to make….
Thomas F. Farrell: Those are their projects they are, remember the way it works, they have to contribute all the capital to the joint venture until our capital accounts are equal which has a ways to go, so they will be putting up all the cash for example to purchase those processing plants. There is a tremendous amount of interests in those two locations which is why they picked them to move these processing facilities to, they are well in the negotiations with the variety of producers and we will have to leave announcements about that up to the Blue Racer management team as they come along…
Thomas F. Farrell: Yeah, well that was actually a hurt to normal for us. So about a $0.0015 for the quarter, heating degree days were up, but based on wind that was occurred during the day I think it was the full benefit of that here is most of it, but again weather normalized for us, it hurt us a $0.0015 but quite honestly Paul we’re pretty happy with compared to the quarters over the last two years what we really have been hurt by weather.
Thomas F. Farrell: Okay, I think the issues will be the same. We, our filling demonstrates that we are entitled to base rate increase of about I think it’s a $128 million. We did not ask the commission to grant us a base rate increase. We intend to move forward and try to shift to be allowed earnings based upon customer growth in our own actions here. So we have not ask for a rate increase unless we’re found in the biannual review to have over earned there cannot be a review for rate decrease until 2017. So, that’s why do actually think that interest will be in the biannual review in the earnings test, which I think would be highly unlikely we will have be found to fall above the top the earnings range.Michael Lapides – Goldman Sachs & Co: Got it, thank you Tom much appreciated.
Paul D. Koonce: Yeah. Steve, good morning. The dynamics if you, when you look at the ABS, it’s going to be published here in just a few minutes you’ll see that retail actually had a strong quarter. They get albeit at the low end of the guidance range, but when you look at customer counts in the kit, you can see the customer counts were up, you can see the volumes were up, but it is a competitive business. So, when you compare to guidance it’s kind of what we expected, but it’s less than last year.
Paul D. Koonce: The heating degree day had really occurred in March and the March heating degree days are not as significant as the heating degree days that we lost in January, that’s the reason.
Paul D. Koonce: Julien, if you look at what we did in the first quarter, we actually did a significant amount of hedging, we talked about it on March 4, we haven’t done it since March 4th, but if you look at the hit price and what we were able to lock in the first quarter and the movement from the end of the year, it’s pretty significant and it was a good lift price wise push.
