Bob Blue: You have that exactly right, Shar. So it is 50-50 through $11.3 billion and then there's the adjustment that we described. So on the process, we attracted quite a bit of interest from financial and strategic counterparties. We talked a little bit about that on the last call that we were in late stages with several attractive parties. And they diligenced this project extensively. They came in with their own experts in offshore wind, obviously, teams related to regulation, finance and so forth. And what was really encouraging to me was to hear unanimously from parties who participated how well this project is going. So it was -- there was nobody who got in diligence who was concerned about the project at all and that was really helpful. So then as we thought about how we were going to choose a partner, if you refer back to some of the things that we've said before, on the last call, we noted the importance of having pro rata sharing of costs. And we've achieved that here and we feel very good about that. We said that we needed a transaction that made sense for our customers and our shareholders and that was in keeping with the objectives that we set out in terms of the business review. And we believe this transaction with Stonepeak meets that extremely well. The cost sharing, with protection from any hypothetical or unforeseen project cost increases but having a well-capitalized partner to help us there was critical. And improving our credit profile means that this is going to be extraordinarily beneficial for our customers and our capital providers, so this is a very good deal. We're very pleased with it. We're pleased with the way the process worked.
Bob Blue: This legislation that permitted this partnership structure, I think, was designed for this project. And so we're focused very heavily on on-time, on-budget on offshore wind right now and we've got a very good partner to work with to do that.
Bob Blue: There is no new messaging. It's the same as it has been since we started which is we are 100% committed to the current dividend.
Bob Blue: Yes. Jeremy, we just talked to the regulatory staff this morning after the announcement went out. But let me just talk sort of generally about how we expect this to be received; so just to start with the process. We need to get approval from the State Corporation Commission in Virginia, the North Carolina Utilities Commission. We need some administrative approvals from BOEM but the primary approvals are at the state level. And as I mentioned earlier and as I believe you know, legislation that was passed unanimously in Virginia last year enabled this partnership structure that we've put together. So it has to be approved by the SEC under the Utility Affiliates and Transfers Act. And the standard there is adequate service at reasonable rates have to be maintained and that the arrangements are otherwise in the public interest. And then we need Affiliates Act approval in North Carolina as well. In Virginia, that Affiliates Act approval has a statutory time line of 90 days. The other regulatory approvals don't have particular time lines on them but we think it's reasonable to assume we'd get approval by the end of the year; so that's the process. But if you sort of step back for a moment, both Virginia and North Carolina policymakers both understand the value of a strong balance sheet. If you look at Virginia's general obligation bonds, they've been rated AAA by Moody's since 1938, by S&P since 1962 and by Fitch since 1991. And I can tell you that when you talk to policymakers in Virginia about the AAA bond rating, they usually use the adjective coveted. And that's because they realized that a strong balance sheet for the state allows them to provide the best service to their constituents. And the same is true for our company. If we have a healthy balance sheet, we're going to provide the best customer experience. We're going to be able to invest to meet the state's goals. That is a very compelling reason for regulators to approve this transaction and I'm highly confident that they'll see the benefits and approve it.
Bob Blue: Diane will talk a little bit about that. And Jeremy, we're quite impressed with your ability to navigate the technical issues here.
Bob Blue: Steve, your characterization is accurate. Major issues that General Assembly was dealing with didn't have much to do with energy. They obviously elected the SEC judges. And there were legislative proposals related to energy but they're none that are still active in the General Assembly at this point.
Bob Blue: So when you say Northern Virginia, it was one area of Loudoun County, Virginia which is where there are a heavy concentration of data centers and we did have some transmission constraints. We've undertaken several shorter-term projects that were -- we've either completed or about to complete. And then we have, ultimately, two transmission line -- 500 kV transmission line projects, one of which is underway. The other is in the regulatory process. Those, frankly, that first one of those two 500 lines will relieve the constraint in Loudoun. And we've been able to start up connects on data centers. We had a brief period where we took a pause to make sure we understood exactly what we were doing but we've restarted. But I think the broader question is we will absolutely be able to serve the data center growth that we expect is coming. It will require investment in transmission. Diane just talked about that, out of the most recent PJM open window. We've had a lot of data center growth in our company, in our service territory for some years. We have very good relationships with the data centers. And we expect to see that growth continue and we expect to be able to serve it.
Bob Blue: Yes. It will come in sort of gradually as we move closer to the end of the project. The way it worked earlier, we would lock in a contract and you might get a pretty big chunk at one time or another. From here on out, it's some onshore transmission, it's fuel for vessels that will be doing the offshore construction. And that's just going to sort of come down overtime.
Bob Blue: You're correct. That's the last one. As we signaled on the last call, the potential for an offshore wind equity partner was the last strategic step. We've taken that step.
Steven Ridge: Thanks, Shar. Steve. I'll take it. So what we've said is that the offshore wind is the final strategic step in our process. And that next week, we look forward to sharing our comprehensive strategic and financial plan. We're not going to comment today on any specifics with regard to financing plan. I'd reiterate what we've shared since the beginning of the review that we're seeking to meet and exceed our downgrade thresholds, while seeking also to minimize the amount of external equity need. We think that the transactions we've announced to date have been very supportive of our objective. But we'll provide a fulsome plan next week and I think we're going to hold off on giving pieces and parts until we get there.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, this is Steve. So just to be clear, we have never given 2025 guidance and we've been very careful not to do that. On the last call, we talked about sharing that list to emphasize the fact that, in order to create a view on 2025 as an external party, you need to be thoughtful about a variety of factors, many of which we haven't given any information on. And we went through that list just to highlight what some of those could be. We don't have insight into what folks have assumed around ITC or EROA in any of their internal models or estimates. So it's very difficult for us to be in a position to sort of describe how they ought to consider our updated information on those topics today in their view. And we're going to hold off from sort of providing anything like that. What I can say is, we look forward again to sharing what we think will be a very compelling result next week. And we've tried to be thorough in helping folks understand, again, what some of those drivers that they ought to be considering should be.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, again, we're not going to disclose kind of where our pro forma credit metrics are going to be. We'll provide that next week. Certainly, from a qualitative and quantitative perspective, the agencies have been publicly forthcoming with regard to their support of the steps we've been taking in the review. And so we'll -- again, we'll -- not trying to be coy but trying to be consistent with how we've approached the review for the last 15 months, we're not going to give you our sort of pro forma credit view. We'll provide that next week.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. So what I would say on that topic is, generally, I think we agree with effectively how the agencies were describing it which was some prefunding of some very heavy capital plans that we have in our plan which we've talked about in previous calls. We haven't given specific numbers. Tomorrow, when the K comes out, you'll see our capital investment this year is $10 billion which is relative to an average of $6 billion for our company. And so there was some -- effectively, some prefunding from asset sales and I think that's what they were signaling. Just generally on our relationship with the agencies, we just -- we don't speak for them. And I will say that we have been very deliberate throughout the process and making sure that they understood, in some detail, some confidential detail, how we were thinking about the review and gathering their perspectives as it related to how they think about our company. And that has extended some -- I can share, it's extended to some formal engagements with rating agencies that have allowed us to make sure that we have a good sense of where they are relative to how we're thinking about our plan and our business risk profile. And with regard to this transaction, specifically, as I mentioned and as we typically will do, we walked them through in some fairly detailed manner the terms of the offshore wind partnership transaction before we signed and made sure that we were comfortable indicating in our script today that we think that they'll view it as unambiguously credit positive.
Steven Ridge: And Jeremy, I'll go out on a limb and suggest that you won't hear something different next week, either on the dividend, sort of beat that like a drum this whole time period. So I don't want people to think that we're saying that today and we'll change our tune next week. We're obviously aware of trends in the space around payout ratios. We're aware of that but no change. And you shouldn't expect a change next week from what we've said publicly around our dividend and where we see the dividend going over time.
Steven Ridge: Yes. In 2023 -- you'll see in Footnote 22 of the 10-K tomorrow, you can actually calculate it. We disclose all this. You'll see that in 2023, we'll have generated about $0.40 of earnings associated with pension-related income. And so going forward, we've talked a little bit about EROA. There's another driver that I'll talk just briefly about that would bring us from $0.40 closer to that average of $0.20. We -- like the majority of corporate sponsors of pension plans, we calculate one of those key numbers, our expected return which like interest cost and service cost, as a component of the net income or expense for pension. We effectively smooth the actual asset returns over a 4-year period and apply our expected return on asset to that sort of smooth asset value. And that's not only permissible, that's standard. Some people smooth, I think, over 5 years. We smooth over 4 years. Again, that's pretty standard. And because of 2022's performance, at least in our portfolio, where we experienced a very significant loss to value across, to be honest, both the equity and fixed income portions of our portfolio which, again, I don't think is unusual for folks. What you'll see between '23,'24,'25 and '26 is you see that smoothing occur such that the impact of that loss is fully recognized by 2026. Now it's not just as simple as saying '22 was down and I'm going to take a portion of that each year. Every year, we do that. So you effectively have the stacked Excel spreadsheet, where each year, you're adding a little more of that -- the prior year and some years are dropping off that schedule. So it kind of it's a net look of your asset value with this smoothing construct. Hopefully, I haven't just confused you. But as a result of 2022's hurt flowing through, that will be a driver. If you're asking -- if you're at $0.40 today and you're telling it needs to be closer to $0.20 and you've given us a sensitivity around 100 basis points, how would you get to the next? That's a big driver of that remaining amount. For ITC, in 2023 as a result of the switch to deferral method, I think we'll end up with something like $0.03 in our 2023 results. And again, what that's from is the recast of historical results. We go back and we say, hey, if we had not accounted for this as a flow-through, if we accounted for it as deferral, some of that value is over that 30-year period. So as I mentioned, $0.03 to $0.04 of expected operating EPS from ITC credit going forward and that's about where we would be in 2023 as well.
Steven Ridge: Yes, it's not probably quite so precise. We're using -- we're giving you $0.20 as the average over '25 to '29 and there is some fluctuation in that. But generically, versus 2023, $0.40 would be moving something to closer $0.20 over the '25 to '29 period.
