Mark F. McGettrick: Good afternoon. Dominion Resources' reported operating earnings of $1.14 per share for the current quarter of 2016, finishing well above the top of our guidance range. Positive factors relative to guidance for the quarter were favorable weather, lower operating expenses, and earlier approval of our Questar acquisition and partnership income from one of our large solar projects. Some of the partnership income is timing-related and will reverse in the fourth quarter. Negative factors were an unplanned outage at Millstone and higher major storm restoration cost. GAAP earnings were $1.10 per share for the third quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings were charges related to transaction cost for our merger with Questar. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by operating segment, for Dominion Virginia Power, EBITDA for the third quarter was $423 million, which was in the upper half of its guidance range. Favorable weather conditions were partially offset by higher major storm restoration costs. Dominion Generation produced EBITDA of $921 million in the third quarter, which exceeded the top of its guidance range. Favorable weather was the principal factor in the strong performance, partially offset by an unplanned outage at Millstone. Third quarter EBITDA for Dominion Energy was $310 million, which was above the top of its guidance range. Lower operating expenses and an earlier-than-planned contribution from Questar were the principal drivers of the strong results. Overall, we are very pleased with the performance of each of our operating segments. For the third quarter of 2016, Dominion Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $27.9 million, 37% higher than the level produced in the third quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow increased 22% to $24.1 million, which was consistent with management's expectations. On October 21, Dominion Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.2475 per unit payable on November 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our plan to achieve 22% annual distribution growth for LP units. Moving to cash flow and treasury activities at Dominion, funds from operations were $3.1 billion for the first nine months of the year. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities and, taking into account cash, short-term investments and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $2.5 billion. For statements on cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the Earnings Release Kit. During the third quarter, we completed a number of financing transactions to support our growth plan and cover the acquisition of Questar. Slide 6 highlights our recent financing activities. We have one public debt financing planned for the remainder of this year at VEPCO. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, Dominion's operating earnings guidance is $0.90 to $1.05 per share. The midpoint of that range is $0.28 per share above operating earnings of $0.70 per share for the fourth quarter of 2015. Positive earnings drivers for the quarter compared to last year are a return to normal weather, the absence of a refueling outage at Millstone, lower capacity expenses and the addition of Questar. Negative drivers for the quarter compared to last year include higher financing costs and DD&A. Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the year remains $3.60 to $4.00 per share. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the Earnings Release Kit. As of mid-October, we have hedged 8% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone. We expect to add to our hedges over the next three months and plan to have about 80% of our 2017 production hedged by the end of January. So, let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2016, which was well above our guidance range. Operating results for Dominion Midstream Partners were in line with management's expectations. And finally, Dominion's operating earnings guidance for the fourth quarter is $0.90 to $1.05 per share and full-year earnings guidance remains $3.60 to $4.00 per share. I'll now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Mark F. McGettrick: Thank you, Tom. We issued press releases this morning announcing the launch and subsequent pricing our Dominion Midstream financing to acquire Questar Pipeline. I wanted to discuss it on this afternoon's call for a number of reasons. First, it represents one of the largest financing transactions by a publicly traded MLP this year. Second, based on the low initial yield for the preferred equity and the modest discount to market for the common units, this financing was the least expensive for an MLP issuer this year. It provides clear evidence of the high level of interest by investors in DM equity. Third, despite being one of the largest offerings this year, demand for the common equity was significantly oversubscribed, leading us to upsize the offering. Fourth, the successful financing validates our strategic plan for Dominion Midstream Partners which involves accessing capital markets at advantageous terms to fund the acquisition of midstream assets from Dominion that will in turn support a 22% annual distribution growth rate. And finally, this successful financing in low-achieved yields confirm the value accretive proposition underlying the formation of Dominion Midstream two years ago for investors of both D and DM. As noted in this morning's press releases, Dominion Midstream Partners will acquire 100% interest in Questar Pipeline on or about December 1 for an implied enterprise value of $1.725 billion or about 10.3 times 2016 EBITDA. About $435 million of existing long-term debt will remain in place at Questar Pipeline, leaving net consideration of just about $1.3 billion. As announced this morning, we have priced common unit offering including both an underwritten offering in a private placement totaling some $500 million assuming underwriters exercise the greenshoe option. Again, I would note that this common unit offering registered is one of the largest MLP unit offerings of the year and at just 2.9% reflects, by far, the smallest discount to any trade of any offering this year. We have also received commitments from a group of private investors led by Stonepeak Infrastructure Partners for up to $600 million in convertible preferred securities, which was priced together with this morning's offering and which closes in conjunction with the transaction close on December 1. Among comparable securities offered by MLPs, this preferred security has the lowest ever initial yield of 4.75% and an attractive conversion premium of 15%. It is clear from the interest in DM preferred structure, investors see very high growth potential in DM shares. We very much appreciate the overwhelming interest and participation in this offering from both public and private investors. At closing, the cash consideration to Dominion provided by these offerings will be used to repay existing Dominion level debt. We will also refinance the existing DM intercompany note with a three-year term note from a group of banks. As shown on slide 19, including the $1.2 billion of proceeds from this transaction, we expect the MLP to generate about $7 billion to $8 billion in cash for Dominion through 2020, which will be used to reduce holding company debt, increase dividends, invest in new growth projects and repurchase common stock. We realize the D/DM structure is somewhat unique in the utility space, and investors have been waiting for us to begin to execute our dropdown strategy. We expect that with the success of today's transactions, both D and DM investors will see the clearer long-term growth in value for both shareholders and unit holders. With that, we'll be happy to take your questions.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, it's Mark. The answer to the first part of your question is it's regardless of what the market power price will be between now and the end of January. We committed over many years to investors and the credit agencies that there'll be a clear firm cash flow stream from Millstone as we put guidance out in the current period. So we've always hedged Millstone in the 80%-plus range by the end of the year call, and we plan on doing the same for 2017. In terms of future periods, we will be very cautious on hedging Millstone for a number of reasons. One is we believe that the current forward strip is dramatically understating the value of the market. And second, as you know, there is a lot of discussion in Connecticut about potential legislation and the ability to Millstone bid into future auctions. We hope that would be cleared up in the first half of next year, and we would want to see what the outcome of that would be before we hedge 2018 and beyond.
Mark F. McGettrick: Jeremy, this is Mark. We were very pleased – although we were always confident, as we've stated to investors over the past nine months, based on what we've heard from investors that lack (24:39) liquidity in the DM stock. We knew there'd be a lot of interest. We've been particularly pleased with the convert and interest shown in that by multiple parties, and the very aggressive financing around that. So, I think that just reinforces our view that if we see an asset out there that fits the DM profile that we can fund it within the DM umbrella if we need to, or with D parent support if required. But I think today's results just validate for us that the DM shares are highly valued and will be a great source of future equity financing if we decide to enter the M&A stage (25:20) at all.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes. Our targets will be unchanged, and I think your reference is that the IRS after this calendar year do not allow certain tax shields that existed prior to that – that MLPs can make themselves available to. But we have a long-term tax planning for each of the years through 2020. We were aware of that potential down the road, and it will not impact either our growth rate or distribution focus going forward. That has been incorporated into our tax planning for quite some time.
Mark F. McGettrick: Sure, Steve. This solar involves partnership income from one project, Four Brothers in Utah, and it's complicated partnership accounting. When we put the guidance out – actually, when we put the budget together this year, we thought the contribution will be evenly distributed over a number of quarters, but the final accounting determination required us to book $0.04 in the third quarter and that will roll off $0.02 in the fourth quarter and $0.02 in the first half of next year. So that's a timing issue for the quarter, but for year-end, there's no impact on our guidance at all.
Mark F. McGettrick: Almost all of them are identified. We have a few others that we're still working on. But I would say we're very far down the road in terms of identifying what supports the ITC estimate for 2017.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, for 2017, we almost always give guidance on the year-end call, which is typically at the very end of January, beginning of February. The only thing we're really waiting on for 2017 is what will the actual hedge price be at Millstone. And since we're pretty open at Millstone right now, we hesitate giving any guidance range for 2017 until we're much further down the road on hedging.
Mark F. McGettrick: It's more of the latter. We really believe we have overhang on both these stocks based on an anticipated offering at DM. We also, I think – as I mentioned earlier, people have been waiting for us to validate the structure of D and DM and those advantages and really answer the question, can you access the equity market at DM at a very high level that benefits both DM and D. So, based on that, we elected to go early. We didn't have to do it until the third quarter of next year, but we wanted to get it behind us. It does help us on financing a little bit at D next year, but the principal reason was to validate the model and to show the investor base that DM is a security that is sought after and has huge benefits to DM and D shareholders.
Mark F. McGettrick: Praful, this is Mark. I think you're going to see it, and today's examples are a good one. You're going to see the financing will be a combination of preferred common units and debt by adding leverage at DM; although, we said many times that we're going to make sure it's investment-grade rated when we decide to rate it, but it'll be a mix of the three. We'll also potentially take back some units as part of that for tax planning purposes. But again, with the ability today and the market we have today to raise over $1 billion for the first transaction out there, and as the size of DM grows over the next couple of years, we're very optimistic about being able to place the financing. In terms of ownership, I think you could – should assume that for the next several years our ownership is going to stay in the 50% range, and then over time, toward the end of the decade, start to move down more into the 40% range.
Thomas F. Farrell: Julien, the more we look, the more opportunities we see. The West – that part of the West is largely powered by coal-fired power plants. Many of them are going to have to close or be converted to natural gas. There's an increasing amount of RPS requirements in states on – particularly on the Western Sea Coast where, as you know, and I think investors know, the more renewables that are built, the more gas-fired peakers are going to be required to deal with the fact that it's intermittent. So, that's just one potential opportunity that we see in the West. There's a lot of natural gas infrastructure that's going to be required in the future there. Now, it's not on the same scale obviously as the Mid-Atlantic as far as population goes. But starting from the base that we have in the West, we think there's a tremendous amount of opportunity.
Thomas F. Farrell: Let's go back to – the hedging will happen, as Mark said, regardless of what the price is. We've done that for a long time and we will continue to do it into the future. So everybody knows what expectations we should have for earnings and cash flows. As far as the Connecticut, the New York example, as I understand New York, is a – basically a tax payer subsidization of two facilities in the northern part of New York without any support going to the Indian Point reactors outside New York City. That's how I understand it. Just from recent trade press, I see similar moves are being followed into Illinois, for example. Connecticut has gone about it in a different way. They have a RPS standard there and an auction has been established for some years where the LSEs bid – take their – meet their RPS requirements by auctions from renewable suppliers into that RPS auction on an annual basis. The contemplation by the legislature, not the regulators, in Connecticut is to expand that to a clean power standard that would include nuclear which would allow up to approximately 50% of Millstone to be included in that auction. That at this point obviously is still in contemplation by the legislature. There is some momentum behind it. We're following it very closely, but it won't affect 2017. It would affect 2018 and beyond.
Thomas F. Farrell: We can't answer that question today. We'll have to see what the market bears and what the conflicts committee is comfortable with. It's a long period of time, but I will say that the remaining dropdowns this decade are principally around the Cove Point export facility which we place a very high value on. So we'll see. We said two years ago if we were to model it, we'd model 11 times. So, this transaction went at 10.3. I think anything between 10 and 11 would be a very realistic data point, but we'll have to see what asset drops and what the market will bear at that time.
Thomas F. Farrell: That's a complicated question. We have certain conversion rights here at Dominion and then there's other conversion rights by the owners. I'll be glad to answer that after the call for you, but it's probably too complex to go into on the call.
