Bob Blue: Yes, sure. Shahriar, I appreciate that. As we said in our prepared remarks, slightly more detailed than on the slide. Our current payout ratio of 65%, to the extent that that were to go up, our expectation and plan would be to return to 65% without cutting the dividend. That’s consistent with what we said when we announced the review. We’re doing a business review right now. So, I can’t answer exactly what the payout ratio might end up. But if it is above 65%, our expectation is to get it back to 65%, without cutting the dividend.
Bob Blue: Shahriar, it’s Bob. It’s way too early to predict what the timing of the Virginia General Assembly and any action on any particular bill, including ones that relate to us, may be. As we laid out in our prepared remarks, the general assembly is scheduled to adjourn on the 25th of February. And then the Governor -- bills go to the Governor at that point, or earlier once they’ve passed. And bills that arrive on the Governor’s desk with fewer than 7 days left in the legislative session, the Governor has 30 days to act on those bills. If he chooses to propose an amendment or veto a bill, then the general assembly, as you noted, comes back for a one-day reconvened session, and then they address those gubernatorial actions. So, I can’t give you any more clarity because we don’t know what the time frame on the general assembly may be. Once we do know something, that will allow us to address our own schedule.
Bob Blue: Yes. Steve, it’s -- I apologize for not giving you a specific answer. But what we’re saying is, to the extent that the payout ratio changes as a result of the review that if they’re -- an obvious point, if our EPS changes as a result of the review and the dividend remains constant as we have said it will, that changes the payout ratio. And what we’re indicating is if there is a change in the payout ratio, we’re going to get back to it, but without reducing the dividend. That’s the point that we’re attempting to make here.
Bob Blue: Correct. We’re in a business review. And as we have indicated in prior calls and this call as well, we don’t yet know what the outcome of that business review will be. So yes, it’s hypothetical as a good way of describing it.
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Jeremy. As we’ve talked about before, we believe Millstone is a great asset, and we believe the policymakers in New England are recognizing increasingly its value for them to meet reliability and any chance to meet the kinds of decarbonization targets that they may have. Our focus is thinking about ways that we can ensure the long-term viability of Millstone. And we’re happy to have conversations with policymakers about opportunities to do that. As we noted in our opening comments, the existing Millstone contract has been very good for customers in Connecticut in recent months and over the last year. We see the possibility of being able to take action with policymakers to give us the certainty we would need in order to extend the life of Millstone and have that valuable resource for New England for some time to come. We don’t have as yet a specific approach to that. But we’re certainly interested in engaging with policymakers on that.
Bob Blue: Jeremy, I would say that as part of the review, we’re looking at each and every one of our assets and Consistent with the priorities and principles that we’ve laid out on today’s call and supplement to what we provided on the third quarter call. That’s what will inform our ultimate steps as it relates to the business review to the extent that there is changes to business mix, which is, again, something we’re evaluating as part of review, but no decisions have been made. So, we’ll look at everything dispassionately to position the Company to provide the greatest long-term value to shareholders.
Bob Blue: Let me do it from the reverse perspective, which is the Investor Day, we intend to provide a comprehensive business and financial update. It will effectively be at the conclusion of the review process. The spring update, which is going to coincide with timing around the Virginia legislative session, will give us an opportunity to comment on what, if any, changes occurred during the session that would impact Virginia, what our perspective is on that, and how that informs the appropriate next steps of the business review.
Bob Blue: It will depend a little bit on the timing, Durgesh. We do typically have our first quarter call in early May. It may coincide, it may not. That won’t keep us from sort of advancing the discussion around the business review when we have the information necessary to actually have that discussion.
Bob Blue: Yes. The best priority I could give you is that our objective, as we have already described is to strengthen the balance sheet, with the goal of using the most efficient sources of capital without -- with the ability to minimize external equity needs. Beyond that, Ross, we’re doing a review of every line of business. And once we’re finished with that, we’ll be able to outline the ways that we will go about addressing the balance sheet.
Bob Blue: Ross, I anticipate we’ll be providing quarterly guidance as we go through the year. With regard to using our first quarter guidance as a guide, I would just say there’s a couple of things. On our third quarter call, we provided a pathway to our 6.5% growth in 2023, much of that’s not changed. There’s a couple of changes that you’ll -- that have impacted the first quarter. One is we walk through as much as $0.30 of solar ITCs. We’ve obviously made a comment about that. And it’s the lack of -- the run rate as well as the lack of the incremental is reflected in the first quarter. The other major change -- really the only other big change besides a little bit of tax timing in the first quarter that we wouldn’t -- we’d expect to balance out through the remainder of the year is interest rates, which effectively in the guide we gave on the third quarter call, suggested that interest rates up 2% to 3%. That was a $0.13 to $0.19 hurt or about $0.15 at the midpoint. Those rates have now gone about 4%, which takes that sort of 15-ish midpoint to more like $0.30. So the combination of the lack of solar plus the incremental headwind with interest rate is what informs the first quarter. I would note that over time, we expect that interest rate headwind to ameliorate as I think most people do, unsure exactly what the timing of that will be. But that should be somewhat temporary.
Steven Ridge: Shahriar, hey, it’s Steve. I can take that. So just to be specific, this has to do with our contracted assets solar portfolio. And there were really two primary purposes for the development of the portfolio. The first was to develop expertise in developing solar so we could employ that expertise credibly across our regulated footprint, which is what we’re doing right now. So, in effect, that task has been completed. The second was to generate investment tax credits. We believe given the attractiveness of our decarbonization and resiliency capital investment opportunity, the capital we’ve used in the past to generate those ITCs can be employed elsewhere to greater long-term shareholder benefit. So, the first sort of gating decision was, are we going to continue to invest in that portfolio for purposes of generating ITC? And the answer we’ve said is no. That led to a subsequent impairment test, where we looked at the carrying value or book value and we compared it to a series of discounted and non-discounted cash flows consistent with accounting guidance and ultimately determined that the fair market value was lower than the carrying value, and that led to the impairment.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Hey Steve, this is Steve. I’ll take that one. So, on an issuer rating, we’re actually high-BBB at two of the three rating agencies. At Moody we’re BBB. Our objective is to maintain those targeted rating categories, and the downgrade thresholds, at least at Moody’s associated with that is 14% on the down and 17% on the up. As we mentioned in the call script, we intend to meet and exceed that downgrade threshold even in times of temporary pressures from cost like fuel costs and regulatory adjustments. And that has been one of the drivers of our underperformance historically relative to our downgrade threshold. So, we’re still targeting high-BBB. It’s where we are on two of the three agencies from an issuer rating perspective. And the appropriate downgrade threshold, at least from the Moody’s perspective, is 14%.
Steven Ridge: No. So, the impairment doesn’t change the revenue we generate under those existing PPAs. The impairment does have a slight impact on the depreciable life, because -- or the depreciation rather than the depreciable life, because the carrying value is now lower than previously assumed. The bridge is something different. The bridge, when we refer to that ITC, solar ITC, it’s effectively the lack of solar ITCs, consistent with the comments we’ve made on this call and previously with regard to pivoting that capital allocation elsewhere in our business. So, it’s effectively simply saying that a year ago, we would have had some solar ITC in earnings this quarter this year, we do not have that. So, the impairment is a different. It doesn’t have any impact on that bridge.
