Mark McGettrick: The $100 million is really broken down in three main areas. About $50 million is coming from a reduction in staffing contractors and a remeasurement of our pension and OPEB. And let me just touch base on that for a second. We’ve had some staffing reductions around our service territory to address this. Those are essentially complete. We have reduced contractors in support of our maintenance and our capital work and those are also complete. And because of the significant change that has occurred in our staffing levels with the disposition of our [merchant] plants, specifically Kiwani, Break Point, Elwood, and Kincaid, as well as these incremental staff reductions that I just mentioned, we took a remeasurement of our pension and OPEB obligation in June, which will also support that $50 million annual savings due to staffing, contractors, and pension/OPEB. So that’s the first piece. The second piece is we’re going to reduce between $10 million and $15 million in administrative and general expenses in support of our business units. That process is well on its way and will be completed here shortly. And the remaining reductions are spread across the company in maintenance and in outage expense from all of our business units. So in aggregate, that is the key breakdown for the O&M. Now, in terms of longer term, we would expect this level of reduction to be able to be carried forward beyond this year.
Mark McGettrick: Well, I think if you look across the spectrum our operating expenses versus our peers are quite low in comparison. And I think as we’ve gotten into this, the $100 million level has been achievable for us, but we really haven’t seen anything incremental to that based on the plans we have thus far.
Mark McGettrick: It’s a mix. Some of it is fixed to floating, which we’ve talked about, and we really initiated a number of years ago. That’s the majority of it. But also some of that is reflected in hedging for future issues that we have for both ’13 and ’14 in terms of anticipated debt issues.
Mark McGettrick: No, really not. They’re fairly short term dated. And I have to tell you, when we put those on three years ago, four years ago now, they have just been terrific for us, and they continue to be. So they’re not longer term dated to give us any concern on any significant rise.
Mark McGettrick: It’s shown in commercial, but we show it on this slide separate, because we thought it was important. Data centers, we’re still seeing very, very strong growth, so we broke it out of commercial. Otherwise, commercial would show a growth of about 0.8 of a percent, almost 1%. And I think that masks what the real commercial growth is, so we broke it out separate and showed data centers separately. It’s at 12%, and commercial growth slightly negative for the year.
Mark McGettrick: Nothing really happened. We were hoping that the sale would be complete in the second quarter, waiting for FERC approval. FERC has a defined timeframe in which they review these, and it actually doesn’t expire until the middle of September. But we thought we might get it in the second quarter. So we’re going to wait and go ahead and retire into fees that debt at the same time we got the proceeds in. But because it wasn’t approved, we decided to go ahead and take care of that and just get it behind us. It was part of our plan initially, it was part of our financing plan initially, so we just went ahead and took care of that one open item in the quarter.
Mark McGettrick: We have a planned nuclear outage scheduled in the third quarter of this year, which we did not have one in the third quarter of last year.
Mark McGettrick: Well, we told you it was in the range of $100 million annually, and that you should expect $30 million in the third quarter and I think we gave you actually cents per share in the fourth quarter, but if you do the math, it’s about $40 million in the fourth quarter. So we’ve seen about $20 million to $30 million thus far.
Paul Koonce: We’re seeing continued opportunities, clearly, in Texas. That’s been a good market for us. We were recently ranked number one by JD Power in the Baltimore market area. We’re seeing good customer growth in the Baltimore area as well as in Ohio. And we continue to have a lot of customers we continue to serve in Pennsylvania. Illinois, we just never made any progress, and so it just made sense for us to make sure that we’re focusing our efforts on where we can see customer growth.
Paul Koonce: You know, if you look at where it is, and then you look at the third and fourth quarter, when you look at the third quarter last year and the fourth quarter last year, they actually had lower than expected margins because of some of the mark-to-market value that came in the second quarter 2012, so that when you do a full year comparison, what you ought to see is retail still hitting within this guidance range.
Paul Koonce: You know, producer services, over the years, really engaged in a number of activities. One was the supply management, the transportation and storage management, for mid-Atlantic and northeast utilities. That’s the activity that we’re stopping. There really is no value for us to add in that procurement process. The activities that will continue are really fee-based services for small Appalachian producers. Now, granted, in light of the Marcellus and Utica, it’s a pretty small subset of producers, but they still pay our Dominion field service team a fee for getting gas from point A to point B, aggregating that gas, and really that’s what we’ll continue to do, in addition to really focusing on the gas supply procurement activities for our Virginia Power fleet and our [unintelligible].  As we’ve built out our gas fleet, that has become a much more important activity, and so we’ll really be focusing our resources on that. 
Paul Koonce: Tom mentioned anecdotal evidence on the governmental side in his remarks. What we’re seeing there are two aircraft carriers that are not in port. They prefer we not talk about that, but that’s why we see the drop in governmental sales. We expect that that will return.
Tom Farrell: The longer we’ve spent with our partners at Caiman in the Blue Racer joint venture, the more opportunities we’ve found. There’s a lot of gas, as we’ve mentioned. There’s a big increase in wells being permitted, a big increase in wells being drilled, particularly in the Utica. We have a lot of assets sitting there in Ohio, where we have this geographic region. TL-288 wasn’t contemplated as we started the year, so it’s an example of the kind of thing. That’s a pretty significant one. But we’re finding other opportunities we can either build or find other assets we have to contribute.  And I think it’s also important to recognize that the Blue Racer partnership with Caiman, we’re very pleased with it, but it’s only limited to eastern Ohio and a few counties in Pennsylvania. We have geographic regions in Pennsylvania, West Virginia. Ultimately we are expecting, at some point, New York State, which we have a lot of assets to open up to drilling.  So I’m answering a little bit broader than your question. I think Blue Racer shows us the opportunities there are in this business, and not just in that JV, but in other areas.
Tom Farrell: I’m not going to predict when you might hear something. We’re managing the business as we have, but we’re always trying to look at other areas. So I don’t want to give a timeframe around it. But we have a variety of things we’re looking at.
Tom Farrell: That’s a very good question. If you break it out, you see that the residential sales growth was pretty good, just about 2% in the quarter. Data centers was quite good, 12%, I think, in the quarter. The issue has shown up in commercial sales. Governmental we actually don’t expect to be a long term issue. We think that was anecdotal to the quarter for a variety of reasons. The commercial, though, is an issue that we’re looking at very carefully in northern Virginia, in particular eastern Virginia, around the naval base and the air bases and things we have in that part of the state. Commercial sales can come back quite rapidly.  So we don’t know. We’re not going to make any judgments about what’s going on with our sales growth based the anomalies in the second quarter. But we are watching it carefully.  As far as the overall 5-6% growth, we have a lot of things going on at our company. We have, you’ll see merchant growth next year in the power prices we have. Finally, we’re through the trough of declining portions in merchant power with the sale of the fossil assets, which we will close on this quarter. We have Blue Racer opportunities, we have other opportunities in gas infrastructure. We are not unaware of what other companies are doing with financial structures. So we’ve got lots of things we’re looking at. We have rider revenues. Brunswick was just approved, for example. We expect to come through the biannual review as we said previously, with our base rates intact. We have electric transmission growth projects. So you take all the pieces together. We don’t see any reason to change our 5-6% earnings growth targets at this time. If the sales issue continues, and if we conclude that it’s longer term, we’ll take a look at what that means in the overall context, but we aren’t anywhere near that point right now.
Tom Farrell: Yeah, we are. Just to make sure we’re all on the same page, Steve’s referencing, of course, when the last permit was issued in May, one of the assistant secretaries at DOE said they thought they were in a position to issue these permits ongoing, about every 60 days or thereabouts. We are past that 60-day window. Secretary Moniz in the interim has been appointed, confirmed. He’s reorganized the department. He’s getting to know his folks.  He has said recently that he’s examined the studies that were done on the economic impacts for non-free trade agreement countries, and indicated that no more studies are needed, that that study was adequate for their purposes. He examined the Freeport permit process, found that to be properly done. So, all that said, we don’t have any particular information that you don’t have, but we anticipate more action from the Department of Energy pretty soon. And we’ve said since March, when we had our analyst day, that we expected to get the DOE export permit during 2013, by the end of this year. And we still think that’s the right timeframe.
Tom Farrell: Well, we file an IRP every year that keeps us up to date. PJM does its own analysis. We’re still in a deficit situation in Virginia. We are still catching up with what happened over the course of an entire decade, 2000s, when nothing was built in the state whatsoever, and we had very rapid growth. So we’re still in a deficit situation. We’re catching up with that. Brunswick is an important part of that.  But you need to remember, Brunswick is only replacing plants we’re shutting down. Brunswick didn’t gain us any ground at all on our short position. We had to shut down the Chesapeake plants and two of the three units at Yorktown. And Brunswick is just making up that deficit.  So we’ve got a long way to go. Our plan shows another combined cycle later in this decade. We’re continuing our development of north Anna unit three. We don’t know what will happen with that. So I think you should expect to see this plan continuing through the balance of the decade, and our planning horizon hasn’t gotten into 2021 yet.
Tom Farrell: Well, government load for us is larger than you’ll find at many utilities. It’s about 10%. But by contrast, we have a much lower industrial load than many utilities have. I think I said a few minutes ago that the slowdown in governmental load in the Hampton Roads area that we saw in the second quarter we think is an anomaly, and do not expect that to continue. There’s a variety of reasons around that.  The issue is more concentrated really in northern Virginia, the commercial sector, which is where what they used to call the Beltway Bandits are, the defense contractors and all the think tanks that are there serving the government.  So we’re going to watch that very closely and see how it progresses over the course of the year, but we do not expect to change the overall need to close the gaps we have in generation in Virginia. It’s not that it’s [not] an important part of our growth, but it doesn’t overwhelm the rest of it. Keep in mind, our residential usage grew 2% year to date, which is pretty healthy. And that’s 40% of our load. 
Tom Farrell: Let me answer the first part of that question, and Dave Christian will answer the second part. The first part, in terms of the tax, the tax was a burden on us of about $40 million a year, in a normal operating year. It’s based on run time of the units, so [playing out], it’s just good to change that a little bit. But that tax will expire in the third quarter, and so that will go away. That’s what we showed on one of our slides today, that in the fourth quarter we would have a pickup year over year of about $10 million.
Tom Farrell: I’ll just remind you, the only gas unit we have left in the northeast is Manchester. It’s already dual fuel, so it has a lot of optionality that some of those other units don’t have.
Tom Farrell: We’re well aware of what other companies are doing. We’ve looked at MLPs over the years, and concluded in the past that it was not an advantage to our shareholders to start an MLP or have an MLP. We are continuing to examine that issue, taking into account our present market conditions and what our present asset base is.
Tom Farrell: Natrium 1 is an asset that was in the original plan to drop into Blue Racer. Natrium 2 and [Burn] are joint venture project that they’re developing now. They’re not drop downs.
Tom Farrell: That was shown again in the [RP] we filed, and it’s still in the plans. I think if you look at our website, you’ll see in our investor book where that shows up in the development process. Really more ‘18-19 kind of a timeframe that would become operational. 
Tom Farrell: It is not as big a contributor as it once was, obviously, but we consider these stations, Millstone, Manchester, [unintelligible] to be core to our continuing operations.
Tom Farrell: We’re past harvesting. These are the assets that we want to maintain. And it will grow with the markets. 
