Thomas Farrell: Good morning. We are, as I said in negotiations with a number of parties. We expect to assuming they are successful conclude all that within the next 60 days. It’s a big pipe, it’s 550 miles, 42 inches is a big pipe, initial sizing would contemplate $1.5 billion or 1.5 billion a day of capacity. That necessarily means we’re concentrating on end users rather than producers. There’s two ways to go about that, one is to get demand from producers. But producers got to sell to somebody. So our concentration is on developing a pipe that would be useful for end users. But it all we’ll have to see how it goes but we expect to conclude all of that within about 60 days.
Thomas Farrell: The next meeting your point Julien of course has assumed incorrectly that FERC does not have a public meeting in August, their next public meeting is in September. So the answer to your question is yes. FERC actually does most of its orders these days Julien outside the public meetings. The commentary had closed in June. All the comments have been posted and they are going through their work. They work very diligently at FERC year around. So we’re hopeful that we would get what we would call a notational approval in next few weeks. If not that would take us through the public meeting in September.
Thomas Farrell: It doesn’t have anything to do with the tax upside. We saw 250 was a number that would allow us to get really experience with a variety of different technologies in different places to see how they work and we’re continuing to evaluate our solar strategy as we go through the balance of the year.
Thomas Farrell: Well Greg, first good morning, there are a lot of gas; there is a lot of infrastructure even to get out of the basin. So that would necessarily conclude that only one pipe lever be built out of the basin. And you have to draw your conclusions, we had a very successful open season and we are working hard to conclude it within the next 60 days.
Thomas Farrell: Yeah, I think it’s also really Steve, it is true in July you know weather cost us about $0.03 for the month but you know August is a strong month for us and September can be an unusually strong month depending on what the pattern is. So it’s not being conceivable that would be made up just in weather as we go through the rest of the summer or the rest of the year. So I think you know we’ll hold for an update on that until we see a larger piece of what the quarter is going to look like and what the forecast for the fourth quarter is going to look like.Steve Fleishman – Wolfe Research LLC: Okay, great. Thank you very much.
Thomas Farrell: Well our assumption on that Paul is that firstly all those projects will be completed in 2014. So for the effective tax rate for next year that wouldn’t be an impact.
Thomas Farrell: Most of the tax credits associated with these projects are one time credits, investment tax credits that we would take in 2014.
Thomas Farrell: We have been looking across all of our – as we do constantly, we go into a process looking all of our capital allocation, what all of our opportunities re. Solar we think is going to be – is going to an increasing part of the energy infrastructure mix, being able to do it at utility scale we think is going to important particularly with this – and we thought that a couple of years ago which is why we started down this path but in particular because of the proposed greenhouse gas rules, and the four pillar or cornerstones, whatever you want to call them that EPA has set out as guide posts for states, we think solar could be useful across our service territories, not like it is in many other parts of the country. But we ought to be able to do some advances there. So we are learning, we are learning about installation and maintenance et cetera as we continue to look at whether we will deploy it elsewhere. So I think the short answer is to say, we are going to continue to evaluate. We may decide to stay at 250 and we may decide to expand it. But we will know more about that later in the year.
Thomas Farrell: No, we have the DOE approval, we got it a year ago.Matthew Tucker – KeyBanc Capital Markets: Okay, I was under the impression that was a big conditional approval and you still need a final approval after receiving the FERC approval.
Mark McGettrick: Greg this is Mark. Actually we’re little disappointed with sales year-to-date. We had hoped to be on a weather normalized basis about 1.5% sales growth this year over last and we’re lagging that down around 1%. We had seen very strong industrial sales growth, although again industrial processes are pretty small piece of the pie. We’ve also seen extremely strong datacenter growth but at the same time our residential and smaller commercial growth has lagged what we would have expected to be the growth rate. So right now we’re looking at about 1% and we hope these other two areas recover as we ramp up throughout the year and to just remind you of the sensitivity a 1% change in sales for us depending on customer class is between $0.04 and $0.05, so manageable number for us but we like to see a little stronger.
Mark McGettrick: No, I think we lean much more toward – housing is not recovering quite as quickly as we thought. Although we have growth in new connects year-over-year it’s not like we’ve had historically so we’re going to need to have more new housing starts to be able to achieve the residential growth rate that we want.
Mark McGettrick: Dan, it’s Mark. We always put ranges out based on normal weather just been our practice. So if that $0.03 holds and if there is no offsets in other areas that would guide you to below the midpoint. But let’s see what the rest of the quarter present to us in terms of weather and other earnings drivers.Dan Eggers – Credit Suisse Securities LLC: Very good, thank you guys.
Mark McGettrick: Hi, Paul this is Mark. Just to give you a data point on that. This is not new for us do you recall eight or nine years we built several wind projects earlier in the development period for the same reason that Tom just outlined on solar. But we elected not to expand the wind program because it didn’t fit our business profile going forward. So the solar development scale here is at about the same level as we started wind. We’ll just see what happens to it going forward.
