Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. We're looking at all options on Cove Point and as we get closer to what a final construction price might be, that'll help guide us which way we might do. We may do it all ourselves. We may take on a partner. We're certainly looking at various financing options, all of them that you can think of. But until we get a little more clarity on exactly what this facility is going to cost, we're keeping everything open. And as soon as we know what that is, we'll come out with a comprehensive financing plan and what the best option is for our shareholders and our balance sheet.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we said on 2012 we put swaps in place for all of our anticipated debt needs for 2012, which is $1.5 billion to $2 billion. For '13, we announced today that we put swaps to around about 50% of that debt need. And although we haven't specifically said what that debt need might be for '13, you should think probably in a range of $1.5 billion to maybe $2.2 billion at this point. We anticipate continually to put in swaps for '13; it's a de-risking measure that we've been doing for a number of years and it's really helped us significantly.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, Paul. The reason for the second quarter being fairly flat is last year we had a Millstone unit outage in the second quarter. This year we don't. And conversely, we do not expect much run time at all out of our coal units in the second quarter.
Mark F. McGettrick: The Cove Point has different contracts on it on the import. The original portion of it was sold out to 3 parties. The major expansions sold out to one party. There are -- we have the opportunity with the second piece of it to use that part of the contract for importation and exporting. So as we work through the course of this time, you'll see that portion of the contract will be used for export. It's too early -- we're not at a point where we're going to start talking about what the earnings profile is from this facility because as of today we still haven't locked down the cost, financing, exact timing. It's not, when you look across our website and look at what our 5-year growth plan is and the growth CapEx, it still shows nothing related to Cove Point's liquefaction facility. We'll fill that in as we have more clarity on the costs.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is a sort of term of ours in the pipeline business and it's the kind of thing we do all the time when we're doing capacity expansions on the pipeline system. If it's a non-negotiate, not a -- a typical FERC-governed transaction, we'll do an open season. We'll see what people's interests are. If we have a project that we say we wanted to be $500 million a day, we'll gauge interest. People will come in and say, hey, we're interested. And maybe people say there's $750 million a day worth of interest. We'll then sit down with them and negotiate what are called in the industry, binding precedent agreement, which commit both parties through parameters, financial parameters, around the project. There are a variety of things that have to happen as you go through the final negotiations, in this case, for a terminal service agreement or in a more traditional case, a pipeline capacity agreement. So it's -- we're in the same spot we are on -- where we are when we're doing sort of almost any kind of pipeline related expansion. We have found 2 parties who are going to take all of the capacity. The overall financial terms are established and then there's certain criteria that we have to meet, they have to meet and we'll complete that as we go through the terminal services agreement. But it is a -- not a 100% commitment that nobody can change but it is well down the path to that level. We would not have announced it otherwise.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we had a lot of interest, Dan, from both Asia and European customers. And as we went through the variety -- the negotiations with a variety of partners, between the other partner, we'll -- when the time comes, we will announce who that is, I shouldn't call them partners, the other customer, these turned out to be the best for them and best for our shareholders. I think politically, obviously, the Japanese are strong allies of our country but so are European potential customers.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, it’s kind of an unusual year. If you think about the fourth quarter alone, year-over-year, normal weather in the fourth quarter for us will pick us up $0.08 year-over-year. If you recall, we had a very, very mild fourth quarter of 2011. In addition, in the fourth quarter, we have Gateway pipeline project coming on in September and we have Natrium coming on in December. So our earnings profile is very back end loaded this year in third and fourth quarter.
Mark F. McGettrick: First quarter was on a weather normalized basis 1% to 1.5%. The data centers actually were a little slow in the ramp up in the first quarter which depressed that sales number a bit. And as Tom talked about, we've seen very strong new connect activity in the quarter. Job growth in the state is maturing quickly. We're seeing recovery in some of the residential markets. So while the first quarter is lighter than we'd like, we still think 2% to 2.5% on an annual basis is achievable.
Mark F. McGettrick: MLP will be one of the options we evaluate with a lot of other options in terms of how that project might be financed long term. And we looked at the MLP option before a number of times and didn't fit us. We'll continue to look at it as Cove Point matures in terms of a project life to see if that's the best option for our shareholders. We have no view on that currently except it's one of many that we'll look at.
Mark F. McGettrick: That was a very effective question, Jonathan. But despite that -- how good the question was, I can't answer it. We will -- it's -- each company has its own way of going about things. We will, when this counter party is prepared, we will then announce it. And I don't think it'll be in this too distant future.
Mark F. McGettrick: Actually, it would've been fairly flat. But -- yes, that's why I referenced, we have a few things that were delayed based on initial expectations. But again, based on the activity we see, we think it’s certainly achievable to still reach the ultimate 2% to 2.5%. But you're right, leap year really reflects most of the growth in the first quarter.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, the other thing I referenced, Jonathan, is although we've done the best job we can and as you estimate weather and economy, in an extreme weather quarter, it's very, very difficult to be penny accurate on what goes in what bucket. So again, I think the second quarter will give you a better reflection maybe even third, in terms of what the real growth is here in Virginia.
Mark F. McGettrick: It was about $0.03. And what it was surrounding is we had some historical tax losses at Fairless. And if you recall, that was a capital lease which we had to bring on balance sheet late in the fourth quarter of last year. And by bringing it on balance sheet along with some future earnings projections based on current gas price environments, it allowed us to utilize some of those tax losses earlier than what we thought this year.
Mark F. McGettrick: We're not getting into details with the contracts, Paul. That is a risk that we believe has been taken care of then protects our shareholders.
Mark F. McGettrick: It'll be the equivalent of 750 million cubic feet a day. That's not what LNG guys use, as they use tons, but the amount of gas that will come into the facility which will be liquefied, will be about 750 million a day.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, they're going to get greater as we move through the year. But I want to make sure I point out the -- on O&M, if you look at the disclosure, if you look at the operating O&M, it drops quarter-over-quarter by about $136 million. $99 million of that has to do with a bad debt rider in Ohio that's trued up every year. And so the bad debt level got lower, that's passed on to customers, but your revenue stream also was reduced, so it's a net 0. So if you look at the quarter, really quarter-over-quarter, operating expenses were down about $0.04 or about $37 million, which was very positive for us. And you should look for us to build on that throughout the year. We said on the last call we expect to reduce expenses between $0.06 and $0.09; you should look for us to be at the high end of that range.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I mean, we still see customer additions. We still see electronic devices going into the home. So no, we've not begun to see that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay. We will -- we're pursuing the combined operating license, and MHI is pursuing the design approval. We expect those to occur early '15. We will continue to pursue those. We are -- we believe we will receive both. MHI will get the design approval, we will get the COL. At that time, we're going to assess where we are. Now, I would say this though on a broader basis, if we were contemplating -- if we had been contemplating building a merchant nuclear power station, I think I would have been able to give you a much shorter answer to your question about North Anna 3. But we're not. We believe that it is best for our customers for the long term to have a balanced fuel mix. And by long term, I'm talking over the next 50 or 60 years. Having 4 nuclear power stations in Virginia is one of the reasons why we have among the lowest rates in the United States, and among the lowest on the East Coast. So we think it's important to keep all that in context as you make those kind of decisions. I believe North Anna 3 will be built by our company. I don't know if it will be in 2015 or 2018 or 2020. But we will -- North Anna and Surry's existing units will have to retire in 2030 through that decade. And we're going to need to have nuclear power in the state to keep a balanced portfolio. So I would give you 2 different answers. One, if we were a merchant, I would have just said what's North Anna 3? I don't know what you're talking about. But we're not. We're in a regulated environment where it's important for our customers to have a balanced fuel mix.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I appreciate everybody tuning in today and just want to remind everybody our second quarter earnings release is scheduled for August 1. And our first quarter Q will be distributed today. Thank you very much.
Thomas F. Farrell: I would think about it differently. I would think about what we will have is the facility that will allow both the, in a single place, allow both the import and export of gas into the mid-Atlantic, right into the heart of the market. That's why we think it is attractive as it is. But it can't be used for both at the same time all the time. But there are -- there's 2 parts of the pier, you can load and offload at the pier, there's different pipes going out to the pier. There are multiple tanks. There is a vaporization facility. There will be a liquefaction facility. So the parties who will have these contracts will have -- certain of them will be allowed to import, certain of them will be allowed to export and we think you should be thinking about it that way rather than segmenting.
Thomas F. Farrell: I believe that's correct but that'll be up to the party. They'll be paying us once a month, come rain or shine.
Thomas F. Farrell: Pure and simple capacity theme. No, we will -- there is no commodity risk associated with the income stream at all.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, I don't -- in our particular case, it really doesn't matter. I'm very confident that we will get the permit from DOE and the environmental permit from FERC. And we will go ahead with the project and we will be getting capacity payments for more than a couple of decades from this facility. As far as overall, I think there are 13 or 14, I think, the number has grown to, permits that people are seeking. And it sort of reminds me of what was going on in the late '90s about how many people were going to build gas fire power plants all over in the United States. And then later about how many people were going to build import facilities all over the United States. And there were many, many announcements made, many, many, many permits sought and a handful actually happened. So I don't really know, Paul, 4, 5, 6 billion a day maybe would be allowed to be exported or could actually come to -- whether allowed or not, actually built, a facility built. But I don't think it's going to be the 13 that are seeking approval now.
Thomas F. Farrell: We do control the capacity as the result of the renegotiation of the import contract which we announced last year. We're not, when I say no, it is...
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, we're certainly not in a rush. I mean, we started working on this a couple years ago. As we saw -- you think about first -- let's just back up a little bit. The Appalachian region produces, forget the shale, okay, just conventional gas in Appalachia is about a B a day production. So you can fill this facility up to export and leave 1/4 of Appalachian production left for domestic consumption. So you've got -- we'll export $750 million a day through this facility, for our customer if we want. So there is an abundance of gas in the region. Shale has made that much larger. The economic study that we filed with the permit for the non-NAFTA countries shows enormous economic benefits to Calvert County, Maryland, all of Maryland, all of the Ohio basin, the Appalachian basin, the Ohio River basin that will be, all of the job growth, tax revenues, it's many, many tens of millions of dollars. This project by itself will increase or help our balance of trade by a couple of percentage points on an annual basis. So there are -- the economic arguments are pretty straightforward and they're almost overwhelming that it is beneficial to the United States, the region, Maryland, Calvert County to allow this facility to be built. So that's why we're confident that it will be approved. It doesn't hurt of course, to have a counterparty, at least one counterparty from Japan.
Thomas F. Farrell: Talking about building North Anna 3. And I assume you're -- implicit in that question, Nathan, I'm not trying to ask your question for you. Implicit in that is that there's large capital costs associated with 2 projects.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, that's also a good question. Probably offshore wind and North Anna probably would not go forward at the same time. I think that's unlikely.
Thomas F. Farrell: I think that's going to be a long permitting process. They haven't even done the lease sales yet but it's one that we're going to continue to observe and participate in. But I think it's a long process.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, I don't think there's any confusion about it. The agreement -- there's an agreement that was entered into I think in the 1990s that has sort of carried through this process with the Sierra Club. We've had a very cooperative relationship with the Sierra Club all through that time. We've been very good partners with each other. We hope to continue to be, as we move into the liquefaction. I'll let them speak for themselves but the agreement allows us to use the existing footprint and we're carrying on LNG operations to perform liquefaction exercises and to deliver liquefied natural gas for the terminal. So I don't think there's really a lot of confusion about it. It's pretty clear in black and white. I'll let them speak for themselves. We would much rather, as we do with all folks -- all stakeholders in which we're going to have an impact. We like to work out cooperative arrangements. We always have with the Sierra Club. We hope that we can as we go along here but we have the right to build it and we're going to proceed accordingly.
