Thomas F. Farrell: No, they moved data centers. I'll let Paul Koonce give you the detail, but it's been going on for some years, and it's expected to go on for at least several more. But Paul can go ahead and give you that exact numbers we have. These are points that are under contract.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, Dan, we've been very focused on it. We gave very specific guidance in May of 2010 on what we thought our O&M expenditures will be in '10, '11 and '12. And we're right on target with that. We've taken a more aggressive stance now in '12 than what we've shown, so our '12 expenses will now be below 2011. We continue to optimize our operations. O&M's a huge driver for us. We have flexibility in a number of parts of our business to shape O&M year-to-year, in terms of focusing on different expense levels. So we don't have a specific long-term growth rate on O&M or a reduction level on O&M. We'll look at that as -- along with the other drivers that we have and take advantage of the opportunities that we have. We do have focus on it this year at a lower level. And based on the slides we show, we would expect to drive out an incremental $60 million to $90 million in O&M cost from where we stood last fall.
Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, it hasn't slowed down at all. Actually, it accelerated in the fourth quarter. Where people are concentrating is in the West formations, which in particular for us is the Western Marcellus. But even more than that, the Utica. I mentioned it in the script. There's a lot in the script, you all could have missed it. It's actually every single well online in Ohio, in the Utica formation, is producing into our gathering systems at Dominion East Ohio. So permitting is going up, drilling activity is going up. But as you note in -- it's not accelerating in the dry gas. It's accelerating in the wet gas, which supports -- and there's not enough facilities in Ohio or West Virginia or Pennsylvania to handle all the wet gas that's coming online. So that's what supports Natrium, for example. And that were not the only one doing it. There are others pursuing these facilities. But we've gotten our share, and we expect to continue to get our share.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, it doesn't matter in the guidance range, first. Because our rates weren't changed. They weren't subject to being changed. And if we over -- remember, you have to over-earn in 2 consecutive biannual reviews under Virginia law. The commission found we over-earned in the first, which for -- it's for the years '09 and '10. They'll review '11 and '12 in 2013. So what the issue there is -- was this is our view, fairly strongly held view. All the parties agreed in the going-in case in 2009 that the new ROE level for the second biannual review would become effective at the commission's order in the first biannual review or when -- which was issued on December 1. So there's a -- we didn't think it was clear from the order that was entered in December whether they were going to do what that settlement agreement called for, which was that the first biannual review ROE, which was 11.9% apply to the first 11 months of the biannual review, and the new ROE to the second 13 months, or whether they were going to apply to the new ROE to the entire 24 months. It makes a difference of 40 or 50 basis points, I think, on the average of the 2 years. So it's -- we think it's fairly clear, but that's in front of the commissioners under our motion for clarification and they'll rule.
Thomas F. Farrell: When you file for a -- first, we got the NAFTA country permits. That's a fairly simple thing to do, because there's a limited number of countries. What matters is getting the non-NAFTA country permit, which is presently under consideration. When you file for that permit, you have to file an economic impact study with it, which we did and is available for review, and you look at a typical economic impact study what -- they're looking at what are the potential impacts on the price of natural gas, if this permit is allowed. But you also look at the economic activity that is created by the issuance of the permit: New jobs, tax revenues. Things like that, that will occur upstream from the facility: a new pipeline operations, processing facilities, drilling jobs, the jobs that spin off of that to support functions, et cetera. The study we filed shows that there are very significant beneficial impacts and economic activity from allowing the permit to be issued, so they'll consider that. They'll certainly consider other people's views. They'll look at what the potential is for impacts on gas prices out into the future. I think if you look at all of it in a balanced way, with all the gas that's available in this country now, and particularly in this region, we think it is likely the permit will be issued. We expect to have it later this year. And if you look at just the map, if you're going to export gas from the Marcellus and Utica Shale regions, I think it's pretty likely that's going to happen through the Cove Point facility, just because of the close -- how close we are to the region.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, we don't -- January is 1 month out of 12 and 1 month out of 3. I think right now, we assume normal weather for the year. That's how we build our guidance range, and we'll see what the actuals prove out.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, its Mark. I'll be glad to do that. We got the final mercury order in December. And we have been talking to investors for some time that based on what we thought was going to come out, along with some -- with other orders out of the EPA that we would have several facilities in Virginia that would not be economically complying. And so we identified those. And then when the final order came out in December, we impaired them. We anticipate those coal units shutting down and being replaced by new gas unit. And so we impaired them based on a 2015, 2016 end of life, which is the exactly the same treatment that we talked with our State Line and Salem units, as we identified those as shutdown candidates based on environmental regulations.
Mark F. McGettrick: Right. Well, I guess the way we think about it is we have an obligation to our customers and shareholders. We're going to be asking customers and our regulators to approve a new $1 billion plus gas facility with 100 basis point premium to replace these facilities. We felt it was appropriate to go ahead and remove them from rate base at the appropriate time, take that charge now and not ask for our customers to pay twice for facilities that will have the same megawatts.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, you shouldn't think about depreciation benefit for the next several years. And we'd be glad to go through the mechanics of write-down with you, with our IR [ph] after the call.
Mark F. McGettrick: No. We're going to remove it from rate base in 2013, which is when we would have our next biannual review.
Mark F. McGettrick: We're going to take the charge in 2011, and then as we file the biannual review for those 2 years, it'll be included in the 2013 biannual review.
Mark F. McGettrick: No. You should apply the charge to 2011. And on average, the review is done on '11 and '12 earnings. But the actual charge was taken in December of 2011, and that's where you should apply it.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, its Mark. I'd add to that, that we have had a concerted effort over the last couple of years to resolve outstanding IRS audits that date back almost a decade. And the tax group has done a great job doing this. A great deal that benefited in the fourth quarter was a catch-up benefit from those audits. We still have some more work to do on that. And so in 2012, give me a fairly wide range on taxes. Sometimes it's a benefit, sometimes it's a detriment. But we're consistently working on getting as current as we can with the IRS on our federal tax returns.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, from what we've seen, Jonathan, from so far in January 1, its nowhere near what December was. December was one of the lowest ones on record in the state. January is not anywhere near that level. And again, what we balance is -- with our other activities. I mean is economy going to be stronger. Is February, March weather going to be better to offset, if there's going to be a shortfall in January? So again, I think we feel real comfortable right now that with all the drivers we have based on what we've seen so far in January, that our guidance range looks good.
Mark F. McGettrick: We'll check for the page -- Page 10. [indiscernible] Okay. It'll -- It's going to come out after the call, and it's going to be on Page 10.
Mark F. McGettrick: Nathan, we didn't quantify it, but I would tell you that we believe our ROE for 2011 will be below 9%.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, there's a lot of drivers that go into that as you know. But the biannual review is based on an average over the 2-year period. And if you were to ask us know, do you believe that we will over earn our authorized return in the biannual period? Our answer to that would be no.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I just want to remind everybody that our next scheduled earnings call will be April 26. And that you should expect our year end K to come out of the end of next month. Thank you very much.
