Thomas F. Farrell II: Stephen, first, we're not going to comment any further on what's going on in Connecticut. The Governor has the budget and the Millstone legislation, and until we've gotten through that process, we're just going to remain – we'll see what happens. We'll have further comments after that has taken its course.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Well, there's two parts to that question. First part, how surprised are we? We weren't surprised. We've been working on it for two years and been deeply involved in it for that period of time. And as far as how the Governor is going to react to it, we're going to make no further comments on what goes on in Connecticut until we get on the other side of that process.
Thomas F. Farrell II: We're just going to have to hold off on giving any further information on what the future of Millstone Power Station is and how it will play through under this auction until we get through this legislative process.
Thomas F. Farrell II: It's going to be very interesting to see but – what happens, I mean we still only have three FERC commissioners and two more coming. So, I don't think we really have an idea. And I've read some comments by at least one of them who doesn't think we should – as he had put it, should be putting their finger on the scales of fuel sources. But they've reacted quickly. I don't want to predict how that's going to come out, but it certainly – Connecticut certainly hasn't been willing to depend on it.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I wouldn't think so. I think we do expect to land on that $450 million to $500 million. It's just, I think, more will be more timing of when the farm-outs come in. But I wouldn't – I'd love to say yes, but I don't think that would be reasonable at this time, unless you see dramatic increase in commodity prices.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, I think what we said in the script – this is Mark – is that we expect to be at least 10% off the midpoint of the range for 2018.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, what we showed in terms of the guidance on our slide is a range of $0.80 to $1. And if you take that, coupled with what our actual earnings were for the first three quarters, that would put you about at the $3.60 range which says that, if we can achieve that, we've made up $0.07 of the $0.12 worth of weather headwind that we're – have projected. And if we can get a little help with the weather the rest of this year or operating expenses, we may be able to make up more. But right now, we've guided to about $3.60 on the midpoint of the fourth quarter range.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, this is Mark. We want to see the House bill come out. We've been saying since first of the year, we think right now, everybody should assume we're net neutral. But if the interest deductibility is handled appropriately, we can certainly be a net positive on that, depending what the actual tax rate would be for corporations at the end of the day. But there's so many moving parts and we'd really like to hold off until we see the House bill, which I think is scheduled to come out November 1, and then we'll be able to talk more about that.
Mark F. McGettrick: We would consider an early drop if DM continues to perform well and the unit performs well, which we fully expect. So, we will take advantage of the market conditions out there. We've only given the reference that we don't need a drop and actually we need very small drop until late 2018. But again, if market conditions continue to be good, we can drop at any time after the Cove Point comes online.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, Praful, we purposely wanted to get investors refocused on the core strength of Dominion's many businesses. And so, we have two great, large projects, obviously moving along with ACP and Cove Point. But the post 2020, I think if you look at the presentations we've made in conferences, you see very strong organic growth in all of our business lines which we think strongly support at least 5% growth going forward. And again, I would just encourage you to go ahead and take a look at that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah. Chris, it's Mark. I'm not sure that's exactly fair. I think on the Power Gen side for the next three years, they have a pretty clear plan on what they're going to do between solar, the license extension work for the two – for the nuclear plants in Virginia. And I would – if I had to model right now – because I know we owe you some exposure on this, but if I had to model it, I would just model it evenly over the three years, be pretty consistent, I think, and would be pretty consistent by business line. We also have highlighted a project on the pump storage side that we'll also be spending CapEx on in that period of time as well as well into the next decade in potentially offshore wind, certainly a smaller project with two turbines. So, we've highlighted that we'll be going through the approval process and we've highlighted some dollar figures around that. So, we've given quite a bit of disclosure, but we'll need to give a little more granularity, I think, by business line as we move into 2018, 2019, and 2020.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think that'll depend on the size of drops we make into Dominion Midstream from Cove Point. We've made a commitment to agencies and investors and bondholders that we know we have too much leverage at the Holdco. We've done that by design, and we're going to use the DM drop down structure to delever the Holdco between now and the end of the decade down into 30% to 40% of the family of Dominion debt. And I think we can do that comfortably with drop downs into DM for the period with Cove Point and has the potential to buy back shares if that's the best use of those proceeds. We could buy back shares, we could also just invest in future growth that may come up that we kind of identified already. So, again, I think we have a lot of flexibility and we feel real comfortable about being able to execute on both sides between now and 2020.
Mark F. McGettrick: We haven't disclosed how much we've hedged but we're working hard on hedging the first quarter. We will go into the year very highly hedged again based on our expectation of the timing of the Connecticut auction. But because that's certainly won't be, we don't believe, in the first quarter of next year, we elected to go ahead and starting hedging and have for some time the first quarter. Also, we will not be, Paul, disclosing hedged prices at Millstone because we will be in competitive auction for some load at Millstone, we certainly hope. And so, we historically have put a hedge price out, but going forward, for competitive reasons, we will not put a hedge price out.
Mark F. McGettrick: Those ITCs revolve around but I think the $0.26, we feel really good for year-end. And if you recall, I'll remind everybody, not only have we backed it down to half this year but on a going forward basis that you should think about a $0.10 range, plus or minus for ITCs going forward. So, we're kind of out the ITC business except for some unusual projects that might come up in Virginia and North Carolina.
Mark F. McGettrick: Jeremy, this is Mark. The growth projects at DM right now are mainly focused on Carolina Gas Transmission. And they're the same as we've highlighted when we actually IPO-ed, they've been executed very well. We're going to bring the third one on this year – at the end of this year. We'll spend CapEx of about a little bit over $100 million on it, fully contracted. We look for really good future growth out of the Carolina business. We also look for very good future growth out of the Questar Pipeline for this calendar year. Most of the growth out of Questar that's been executed is really based on synergies of the merger, and we've been able to execute that at a very high level and, actually, we'll be able to produce at a higher level for the Questar Pipe than we anticipated early in the year for DM. So again, our goal over time is to get more assets into DM that can grow organically. But quite honestly, for the next three years, that will be dwarfed by the Cove Point drop down.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Paul. This is Mark. This structure with HomeServe, very similar to other utilities that you'd be familiar with. They are partnered with Duke. They're partnered with NextEra. They're partnered with AEP. They're partnered with FirstEnergy. And the structure essentially is that you jointly market to customers that – using a joint marketing of Dominion Energy and HomeServe. And so it's a pretty common structure. The way it'll work for us is, over time, starting in the fourth quarter of this year, the existing business we have, which only contributes for us about $0.01 or $0.02 a year, but it's been a very stable good growth business for us, but yeah a small level, we will start transitioning that Product and Service customer base to HomeServe, for them to service and grow from there. That'll take some time to do. And from then on, we will get a commission-based fee as they grow that business going forward. They are the major player in this market. And so, they were very interested in acquiring our customer base there for Products and Services. It was a good deal for us, but in terms of the earnings component, I'm going to hint a little bit on that only because it hasn't closed yet and there will be some movement year-to-year from this year to next year based on the closing and consents but it is in our guidance for the fourth quarter, and we'll be able to talk more about that because we'll have closed the transaction by the next call.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah. I think it's the right way to think about it. I mean, we announced it publicly, and we wanted to make sure everybody knew what's in our guidance, but it won't be just a fourth quarter event; it'll be a multi-year event and then some with commissions.
