Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $0.86 per share for the second quarter of 2018, which was well above the top of our guidance range. Drivers of these positive results for the quarter relative to our guidance include: lower operating expenses, favorable weather, and more benefit from tax reform than anticipated. GAAP earnings were $0.69 per share for the quarter. The principal differences between GAAP and operating earnings were an update of the expected coal ash remediation costs and the impact on prior year's results from a FERC capitalization review. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Moving to results by business segment, EBITDA for our Power Generation Group was $639 million in the second quarter, which exceeded the top end of its guidance range. Lower operating and maintenance expenses and favorable weather were the main contributors. Our Gas Infrastructure and Power Delivery groups produced second quarter EBITDA of $534 million and $410 million, respectively, both of which were near the middle of their guidance range. Overall, we are very pleased with the strong results from our operating groups. Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $76.3 million for the second quarter of 2018, compared to $68.6 million produced in the second quarter of 2017. Distributable cash flow was $49.3 million, which was 21% above last year's second quarter. On July 25, Dominion Energy Midstream's board of directors declared a distribution of $0.351 per common unit payable on August 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment. Our coverage ratio remained strong at 1.11 times at the end of the second quarter. On June 29, the board of directors of the general partner, or Dominion Energy Midstream, exercised its IDR reset election option pursuant to terms outlined in the partnership agreement. By restructuring the IDRs, we expect to extend our ability to recommend distribution increases while we continue to evaluate next steps for DM. Tom Farrell will discuss FERC's recent clarification on the recovery of income taxes by MLP owned pipelines in a few moments. However, neither the FERC's recent actions nor the reset election changes our previous guidance of no drops into DM during 2018, while we continue to monitor the sustainability of MLP capital markets. Moving to treasury activities at Dominion Energy, execution of our 2018 financing plan is well underway with continued progress toward achieving our credit goals as discussed on last quarter's call. The most significant remaining transaction is the $3 billion project level financing at Cove Point, which will be in the form of a three-year non-amortizing term loan. This financing is currently in syndication with commitments for over half of the total already received and the balance will be committed in the next two weeks. We expect to close this transaction next month. As a reminder, proceeds of this financing must be used to repay parent-level debt. As to asset sales, we are in the process of evaluating indications of interests for a number of our non-core assets and expect to announce results of that initiative before our next earnings call. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy, operating earnings for the third quarter of 2018 are expected to be between $0.95 and $1.15 per share compared to $1.04 per share earned from last year's third quarter. Positive factors for this year relative to the third quarter of 2017 are earnings from Cove Point, lower tax expense due to tax reform, and a return to normal weather. Negative factors relative to last year are lower solar-related investment tax credits, higher financing costs and a higher share count. Operating earnings guidance for 2018 is unchanged at $3.80 to $4.25 per share. The midpoint of our range is 10% above the middle of last year's guidance range. Given the strong results for the first half of this year, we expect to produce full-year results in the upper half of our guidance range. Our earnings growth rate also remains 6% to 8% for the 2017 through 2020 period. So, let me summarize my financial review. Operating earnings were $0.86 per share for the second quarter, exceeding the top end of our guidance range. These results were driven by strong performance by our Power Generation Group and higher-than-expected benefits from tax reform. Based on the very strong results for the second quarter, we expect to be in the upper half of our 2018 guidance range, and our 2017 to 2020 earnings growth rate remains 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, as we've talked about in the past, there's two main issues around the sector today. The first and the largest issue has to do with, is the MLP sector open to equity at all. And based on my knowledge, over the past eight months, there's only been one transaction done. It was done at a very significant discount for a very small amount of equity. We're a drop-down story and so that market is not open to us and this mechanism doesn't work for us at DM. The second issue is the one that you referenced and that is the FERC ability to gross up for assets that are held within MLPs. Our structure is a little bit different than Enable, but it is of a concern to us and it's something we will be watching closely. But I have to say, of the two issues, market access is the bigger one for us. We've been watching it closely for several months, and we'll be talking to both Dominion Energy board and the Dominion Midstream board over the next several months on what the current state of the MLP market is in terms of equity for their consideration.
Mark F. McGettrick: Oh, no, it's going to be certainly no longer than the three to six months. And I would say it's probably going to be more on the short side of that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Angie, this is Mark. We operate in multiple jurisdictions. And as we put out guidance at the beginning of the year, we've put our best foot forward on what we thought how different people would handle things. Obviously, it's going to be better than what we thought this year. On the first quarter call, I think we expected $0.10 to $0.15 annual benefit from tax reform. It's certainly going to be probably in the $0.15 to $0.20 range, at least, and a large portion of that will continue mainly driven by our contracted or unregulated assets.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think ultimately we would want to have a longer loan for Cove, but the legal structure around Cove Point involved Midstream right now. And to make sure that it's a very clean document, we elected to go short on this and got all of our banking partners comfortable. So they're going to take this loan for the three-year period. It's important to note that we can prepay this loan at any time with no penalty. So we'll see what the long-term financing should be around Cove. I suspect it will be much longer than three years.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, let me add, the incremental spend that wouldn't be disclosed already would be mainly in the 2020 to 2022 timeframe. We announced previously that we're going to have CapEx reductions of about $1 billion from previous plans. We're committed to that. But there will be incremental capital added 2020 to 2022. We'll give that update as we usually do in the fall timeframe.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, it's Mark. We don't really have a preference. We're going to take the best value that we offered if we think it's fair value on the assets that we talk about previously. Obviously, from some of the prepared remarks you can see we're pretty far down the road on some of this since we're going to – we believe anyway we'll announce results prior to the next quarter's call. There's been a lot of interest in both Blue Racer and in the fossil assets, and we're talking to a number of different parties seriously about those. So we think we'll have closure on FPs (29:35). They probably won't be closed by the end of the third quarter, but we'll certainly have clarity and have signed documents to go ahead and move toward a closing process in the near term after that. We're quite optimistic on it. The asset is a whole of lot value, and I think the counterparties we're talking to, at least in the early stages, agree with that.
Mark F. McGettrick: We don't have to sell all those assets to meet the credit targets and debt reduction that we've committed to, but we could sell all those assets if the value met the thresholds that we were looking for.
Mark F. McGettrick: ...we're always talking to assets that have a lot of value and based on discussions with multiple parties, so obviously a lot of other people do as well.
Mark F. McGettrick: There is probably a preference, but it's not one I'd like to talk about. They all have different tax profiles. And so, again, we'll look at the bottom-line value that's offered net of tax. It's important to note, too, we have a significant number of NOLs currently, so we may be able to protect ourselves on some of the tax exposure. But tax will be part of the ultimate decision, so I wouldn't lean one way or the other on what the tax basis is for any of those as being the driving factor.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I mentioned earlier that we will be talking to both the Dominion Energy and Dominion Midstream board here over the next couple of months on the status of current equity markets in the MLP sector. I referenced that, at least this year, to my knowledge, there's only been one very small equity transaction in the market, and it's been at pretty significant discount. So, obviously, if these equity markets aren't open to us, the DM structure that we've set up to finance assets that are dropped in doesn't work, and we'll have to determine what the best course is. But I would expect we will review that more in the near term than in the long term.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think one of the other callers asked a timeframe of three to six months, and I said I'd probably put it on the short side of that.
Thomas F. Farrell: We're taking a look at the order. Obviously, Steve, as you said, it came out last night. But I'll let Mark comment further on our whole issue around MLP.
Thomas F. Farrell: So, Steve, I'll give a preliminary answer and I will turn it over to Diane Leopold. Speaking about the Fourth Circuit, I just saw headlines. I haven't read the decision. It actually came out this morning that Fourth Circuit upheld the MVP 401 permits from Virginia just this morning.
Thomas F. Farrell: And I can assure you, ours has been a very thorough review with the Virginia DEQ on our 401 permit. And as far as the others, the stay that we asked for voluntarily with the Corps of Engineers, I'll have Diane talk about it. The Forest Service issues we have are different than MVP had had, but Diane will cover that for you.
Thomas F. Farrell: Long and short of that, Steve, is that nothing has happened and we don't expect anything to happen that will take us off our schedule late next year.
Thomas F. Farrell: There's nothing pending that we'll – nothing we're working on, nor anything pending that gives us any concern about the timeline.
Thomas F. Farrell: If something happened in the future, but where we are today, there is nothing that we are working on with regulators or it's in the courts that we think will affect the timing.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, Fish and Wildlife, we have the permit we need from the Fish and Wildlife. There's been a lawsuit filed over that permit that's sitting in the courts right now. There's no other process with Fish and Wildlife.
Thomas F. Farrell: Yeah. There's the permit through the Forest – I'm sorry. I was confusing out, I thought you were asking about Forest Service. Forest Service were done. Fish and Wildlife, the court said that their Incidental Take permit needed more specificity. They've been working on that, and we expect it to be issued relatively soon. But they've put on the docket at FERC that a very small part of the pipeline was affected by the Endangered Species Act and the Incidental Take permit, and that's why we've been able to go full bore with a lot of construction.
