Thomas F. Farrell II: Julien, we're nearing the end of the Connecticut Legislative Session, as you know. They're scheduled to adjourn at the end, I guess, of the first week of June, June 7. Occasionally, that carries on a little bit as they finish up their budget negotiations. We've been in touch with folks in Connecticut. We're keeping keep close contact with it. We've said all that we're going to say about Millstone at this time. But there's no question that continued support of Millstone is very important for us to be able to make continued improvements to that facility, look at potential relicensing in the future years, as we are in Virginia. So it's an important outcome for us, and we're paying very close attention to it.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I think the answer is a complicated answer to a very straightforward question, I think, because partly, it depends on what assets you're talking about. The assets that we're developing through our regulating customers here in Virginia and North Carolina, we have full intention to continue to own those. In fact, the way some of them are structured that are now under contract, we will own in the future once (22:41) certain period of time. And as far as harvesting part of the portfolio that's a little bit older, I'll let Mark answer that part of the question.
Thomas F. Farrell II: The case, of course, does not involve Dominion; it involves APCo. Its impacts would likely impact Dominion. We're not going to comment on that since the Supreme Court has it and they'll issue their opinion in the summertime.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Yeah. It's part of our overall growth plan that we've been talking about since 2015. As we've said, whenever we've given out these growth plans over the years the later part of the period is – We know where all the gas projects are in the first two, three years, and as we go through the period we start filling up the bucket later in the years. That's what Diane was just speaking about.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Well, as we've mentioned in the past, we're shifting our focus away from these contracted assets, the assets we've been buying out, particularly in the West. I think we got a couple more to do this year. Paul will comment on those. But we're focusing in North Carolina and Virginia, our regulated customer base, and we filed a new integrated resource plan document, and for the first time, solar passed the economic test in any significant amounts and that IRP says you could logically build up to 5,200 megawatts of solar over the next 15 years. Now, as you know, as you build more renewables like that, that comes hand-in-hand with pipelines and gas-fired peakers to support the renewables when they are unable to operate. So, we'll have to see how that all goes over the next few years, but that is becoming a real increasing possibility. Paul, go ahead.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah. Julien, we kind of guided everybody a couple of years ago on what our direction would be on our long-term contracted assets outside of our footprint here in Virginia and North Carolina when we sold down a third of a number of solar facilities, and we're still able to utilize the ITC. So once that window is over, which is typically five years, we'll look at the economics around that. And if it makes more sense for us to go ahead and sell those assets and recycle that capital into higher return businesses, we will look at that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah. Julien, I'll just mention weather normalized sales for a moment. Our lagging 12 months of growth has now exceeds 1% in the state. We had an extremely strong first quarter in terms of growth. Data centers are just an unbelievable growth machine for us where if you look at it they're now about 18% of our commercial load. Tom referenced we're going to build eight or nine, bring them online. I should say we're not going to build them but somebody else would build them, bring them online annually over the rest of the decade. And we're really seeing good signs of strength in the economy. So we're quite bullish on sales growth and construction in the state and we'll see how that works its way out through the rest of the year.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, this is Mark. It continues to progress but at a slower pace than we thought several years ago. They will have good year-over-year growth from 2016. We're seeing some modest increase in drilling. So the guidance that we gave a quarter ago, between now and 2020, we feel comfortable that Blue Racer will be a contributor to that. But we think it'll certainly be much slower in terms of growth profile than what we thought two or three years ago.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Angie. It's Mark. I think we're going to be stronger than that. And, again, they've identified our region as one of the, if not, the strongest grower in a revised plan. But what we've seen in the last year and what we were expecting in improved military spend in the state we think will drive our growth to at least 1% (37:34) and maybe higher. And I'll let Paul expand on it.
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay. Yeah. Angie, it was about $0.02 for us, above expectations and they were also around the state and federal tax settlements. We anticipated that that would occur this year, but it occurred a little bit earlier in the year than we had thought. So that will not be incremental at year end.
Mark F. McGettrick: That's right. We said in the last quarter call that we've assumed at that point in time what the market strip was with a CPI type growth through the next several years. So if there's a different bidding approach in Connecticut that would be something that we'd have to factor into guidance.
Mark F. McGettrick: That's what I mentioned on the last quarter's call, that that's what we had on our forward growth rate for Millstone. CPI type increases.
Diane G. Leopold: Okay. Hello. Yes, we're in negotiations and discussions with local distribution companies, with large-scale industrials, and with power producers and some gas producers also really throughout our region. So in that Appalachian region, we're seeing a lot of industrial load looking to come back. Same again in our Eastern region, in our Carolina area. And then in our Western growth strategy, we're also looking at some of the local distribution companies and industrial demand in that region. So much of it is demand-driven, and we're already in the later stages of negotiations in some smaller projects and expect that to increase as we move towards the end of the decade on some of the larger projects.
Diane G. Leopold: Yeah. It's in line with our projections and our growth strategy, and certainly continues to increase as we move to the early part of the next decade.
Diane G. Leopold: Hi. So this is Diane Leopold again. All the business are performing well and they're in line with expectations. On the distribution side, we're on track to be investing $65 million in pipeline replacements in 2017 as part of our infrastructure replacement program. Customer growth last year was about 1.9%, so in line with what our expectations were. We had a large recontracting, one of our largest contracts, on Questar Pipeline. And we also had some incremental capacity signed with Questar Pipe that was a contract with Questar Gas that will be in service late 2019. So we're continuing to focus on business development there, as well as proactive integrity management on our pipeline and storage facilities. On the Wexpro side, we had a successful Wexpro II application for inclusion of additional properties into the cost of service framework. So our drilling and development plan is on track to deliver strong cost of service results there. So we're in line with all of our expectations. We're very pleased with it.
Diane G. Leopold: No. That one's really incremental. That was always going to be longer-term anyway. So, a lot of our growth prospects in the nearer-term were not relying on that. Obviously, the Clean Power Plan, we still do believe that, in the future, there will be facilities that are going to move from coal to natural gas. But that's really into the next decade, and will be incremental.
