Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, I'm sure you saw that the -- I'm sure everybody saw that EPA has now delayed the HAP's final regulations about a month to the middle of December, so they will still become effective starting 2012, which gives you 3 years for compliance and the possibility for additional year. And there's lots of things under consideration by the EPA to give some more flexibility on timing. That remains to be seen. Our conclusion from looking the draft regulations, and it's pretty consistent, actually, where we thought they would come out as long as a year ago, that it is in our customers' best interest to close our 2 -- or several of our coal plants at Chesapeake, which is in far eastern Virginia. And one of our coal plants in Yorktown and convert one of those smaller plants to gas. So we have -- to deal with the HAP regulation, we have 3 solutions: We will put on -- or expect to put on pollution control equipment at 2 large oil units. That's about $300 million. That will take place over the course of the 2012 through 2015-period; we will seek to convert one of the Yorktown plants to natural gas, it's a much smaller project; we will enhance or expand our electric transmission projects by adding another $300 million project above and beyond what was already in our plans, to get electricity down to eastern Virginia, to replace the missing coal plants; and then the capacity will have to be covered with a 1,300 megawatt, we expect to be three-on-one gas-fired plant that would be very similar to the Warren County -- or identical to the Warren County facility. Just actually, I guess it was this week, it was either earlier this week or late last week, we got zoning approval in Brunswick County, Virginia which is south of Richmond, where we would put that plant. So that plant will cost around $1.2 billion. If you add that up, it's $1.8 billion, that will all be spread out over the 2012 through 2016 period.
Thomas F. Farrell: We don't see that, Dan. We're obviously, we're watching it with interest. We see very -- investors are giving a lot of value to midstream assets. And they should. They're valuable, particularly in this region. We've been competing in this region for 75 years. We don't think the consolidation that we've seen so far will have any impact on our projects. We have a tremendous amount of interest.
Thomas F. Farrell: The cost -- the biennial reviews are done on GAAP earnings. So that charge will be reflected in our 2011 GAAP earnings. And that will be taken into account in the 2011 and 2012 biennial review. It's possible that if we earned below the allowed band, that we would seek a rate increase to help recover those. If we recover within the band -- if we earn within the band, then they'll be taken into account, those charges will be taken into account, deducted from our earnings and reflected in the earnings band that would be reviewed in 2013.
Thomas F. Farrell: Jon, if you look at the third quarter '10 versus third quarter '11 on operating expenses, we're down about $135 million, I think, is what disclosure says. First you have to do, is you have to take out Kewaunee out of those numbers. Because remember, year-over-year, Kewaunee is now a non-operating, so we don't have that in there. Second, the third quarter is the first we've really seen a full quarter's impact of our voluntary separation program from last year. Remember, that was done very late in the second quarter, so we had some pretty significant quarter-over-quarter changes down. And you can continue to see those types of benefits as you go forward. And then we had some timing issues on maintenance, both in our generating units, but mainly, in our distribution business. They were focused on the hurricane, repairs, not only during the storm period but subsequent to that, is they had to go back and make more permanent repairs. So that pushed some of the normal maintenance that we would've done in the third quarter into the fourth quarter, and some of our outage maintenance as well, had some timing impacts there. So that's the reason really, for quarter-over-quarter why we're so far down. I would expect a small portion of that to come back, particularly in the distribution business. And to some extent, in the transmission business in the fourth quarter.
Thomas F. Farrell: There's the Ellisburg to Craig (sic) [Craigs] line and the Northeast expansion line were the 2 I mentioned, Leslie. We also are -- I think our -- I think, it was our last call. It could've been one of the fall conferences. We mentioned that we had -- Natrium had been -- not Natrium, Phase I had been 90% contracted. We did announce today that it is now 100% contracted and our negotiations are now dealing with Phase II, which would be about another $300 million project, which would effectively double the size of Natrium 2, would be finished about a year later. And then there's the liquefaction plant, which is not in any of our plans – I mean our capital programs at the moment, until we get a little more clarity on the possibility of long-term take-or-pay contracts.
Thomas F. Farrell: Leslie, we're obviously still in -- discussing it with -- actually, it's numerous parties. All I understand about the Cheniere structure, Leslie, is what I've read in the trade press. If I understood it correctly, it's not a structure that we would have particular interest in, where they're taking commodity risk. We don't have any interest in commodity risk at a liquefaction export facility at Cove Point. It will -- if we enter into the contracts and we build the facility, it will look a lot like the import contracts that we have now which are long-term take-or-pay contracts. So we're in those negotiations. We are certainly open to folks taking a partnership position with us. That helped defray some of the capital cost we otherwise would incur ourselves, but we're large enough and diverse enough to be able to afford it ourselves, but we'd be very open to a partner.
Thomas F. Farrell: We -- not yet. And -- but I think the most important one, Leslie, is remember, keep in mind that we have -- obviously, everything is there. We have the pipeline with almost 2 B a day of throughput is already there, 14.5 billion cubic feet of storage are already there. The expanded peer that can handle the supertankers, is already there. So all of that work you would normally have to do for a liquefaction project is complete and has all the necessary FERC approvals. All we would need approval for is actual liquefaction facility itself. We architecturally already have a small one at the site. I think it's -- the DOE permit is the one to keep our eye on to get the right to export the gas. Cheniere has gotten that for their facility and we expect to be able to get it. We got one for the NAFTA countries, but that's like Mexico and the Caribbean and Canada, and a few others. But the important one is to get to the non-NAFTA countries.
Thomas F. Farrell: Yes. I would not use the word exploratory, but it's in development. I think it's a little bit further along than exploratory. I would put it -- it's in development, but it would be after '15.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, it's too early to tell on that. But on our overall pipeline business, we look at Dominion Energy's projects from all -- when you take them all into account, we use -- we look at mid-teens returns.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. What that relates to is that we had excess emission allowances in our banks that we got through the CAIR program. And because CAIR is going to expire in terms of the value at the end of this year, we calculated how many allowances we would need between now and the end of the year, and those excess, we wrote off.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, what we always said on that, Paul, is that this was really a '12 issue for us, that we were trying to ensure that we can grow 5% to 6% on '12, and because of the loss of some tax deductions and a lower, wider rate base that we want to ensure we could make that commitment to our shareholders, and we believe we don't need to buy back that incremental to do that, that we can cover any shortfall from bonus depreciations through the initial buyback that we've had.
Mark F. McGettrick: We've taken advantage of some of these extraordinary rates that are out there, actually over the last couple of years as we've locked in. So I would call it its normal course.
Mark F. McGettrick: There's a number of types of items being discussed now as they talk about the next capacity auction where they're going to take the floor away. So these are some of the associated issues that have come up. Our view on [indiscernible] hasn't changed over the last several years. We see the Northeast being in the market that's going to tighten the quickest. The demand response is probably at the max. And so as the economic recovery continues in the Northeast, and with coal shutdowns, oil shutdowns, that we're bullish long-term on capacity for baseload units in Northeast.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think it's too early to say. We need to get a clearer view on what the timing is going to be on some of the environmental rules, to see what shutdowns are out there. We also have a pretty large excess capacity position still, that being just all generators in the Northeast. So I'm not sure you're going to see as much in next auction, but over the next several auctions.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think you should be expecting fourth quarter O&M is down, if you’re looking at last fourth quarter.
Mark F. McGettrick: Two things there, Jonathan. We expect, in the fourth quarter, to have very strong margin support from our retail. And our transmission margins are also going to be very strong in the fourth quarter.
Mark F. McGettrick: Just the retail book that we have. It's much larger than what we had in the fourth quarter of last year. We're well-positioned, both gas and electric for the quarter. We've picked up a lot of customers, and we're bullish on the fourth quarter for retail.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, I don't think we want to put a specific number around that. We have our guidance range out there and we'll stay with that for retail guidance.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, we said back in May of last year that in 2011, that our operating expense is going to be up about $70 million year-over-year due to extraordinarily large number of outages in our generation fleet in 2011. But then it would normalize back in '12 to a fairly flat 2010 expenditure rate. And we still believe that is where we are. It would be a very flat or very modest increase in 2012. We haven't talked about '13 and beyond. We'll do that on future calls.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I want to thank everybody for attending today and I just wanted to remind everybody, we will be filing our 10-Q this afternoon. Thank you very much.
