Jim Chapman: Thank you, David. Good morning, everybody. Let me begin with a recap of our compelling investment proposition and highlight our focus on the consistent execution of our strategy. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2025. Growth that is driven by our $32 billion 5-year growth capital plan.
Jim Chapman: February. Thanks to this regulatory structure. In our electric service territories, we also have longstanding risk mitigation strategies including hedging and storage with most fuel costs trued up to customer bills on a delayed basis a structure which helped to smooth out the bill impact of commodity swings. In summary, we certainly don't want to see any increased costs for any of our electric and gas customers. So we will continue to employ these mitigation measures to keep any increases as muted as possible, for the avoidance of doubt, we currently don't see any impact on our -- to our decarbonization focused growth capital investment plan. And wrapping up, we plan to use our Fourth Quarter call early next year to provide a comprehensive update and roll-forward of capital investment, financial outlook, and related disclosures akin to the format of our last Fourth Quarter earnings call which we believe was well received. Investors should expect further evidence in support of several fundamental Dominion Energy themes compelling an earnings and dividend growth, combined with the largest regulated de - carbonization opportunity in the industry, and unyielding focus on extending our track record of successful project, regulatory, and financial performance. With that, I'll turn the call over to Bob.
Jim Chapman: Yeah Dave, it's a good question. A Lot of commentary on that topic so far this earnings season of both [Indiscernible] in some of that, and I agree with certainly one thing that's come up a lot that it's super hard to speculate on moving target pending and draft with legislation so hasn't landed yet. It's funny, a couple quarters ago on this call, we were all speculating as the impacts of the straight up corporate rate increase -- corporate tax rate increase so how things have changed. But a few thoughts, hard to say exactly what's going to be in the final version but it does seem to us that something is going to pass. So we'll see here next month or two, we imagine it will include the Clean Energy tax incentives and the direct pace future you're talking about. So that kind of thing, an extension of the tax credits under refundable basis, it's pretty clear that's going to be valuable and will benefit probably both our customers and shareholders. We expect incentives are going to reduce the cost of renewables to our customers, could accelerate everything we're doing in our Clean Energy transition, and probably provide some pretty nice cash flow features to fund additional capital investment, seems pretty good, details to come. Now in the same package there is the minimum tax. Not too disturbing for us who are already a cash tax payer. Not everybody is -- but that's going to be based on GAAP earnings. It doesn't start for 23 is the current proposal, so it's still early. How exactly that's going to work. There is a lot of detail to come but even that part we expect as part of this overall package, we think this is all pretty manageable within our existing financial profile and financial trajectory. So we'll get more clarity over time, maybe next quarter we can be talking about facts instead of speculation, but at all -- it's manageable as a package.
Jim Chapman: Yeah, so let me talk to that. So, as we mentioned a couple of times here, we're going to provide a pretty comprehensive update on our fourth quarter call on all those details. We're going to do a 1-year roll-forward on our capital plan and we'll go through everything that's related to that in detail like we did last year -- early this year. The increase in the capital cost is one part of the LCOE; the increase in the capital costs on offshore wind. So a couple of things; keep in mind, that's spread over 6 years. So when you do a 1-year roll-forward, it's going to include that 2026 year, previous version only went through 25, So that will be included, but keep in mind that there are some other gives and takes, some other moving parts in our plan. For example, we announced in our IRP in September that we were undertaking a postponement for further evaluation of a couple of things, like some CTEs in Virginia and pump storage projects, so that's not in the current version of the near-term plan. A lot of gives and takes, some puts and takes. We're going to go through all that on the fourth quarter call, but for the avoidance of doubt, we expect all those updates are going to be supportive of EPS and dividend growth guidance. But you needed to look at it holistically and not just based on the impact of the offshore wind project alone.
Jim Chapman: Yeah, sure. And let me -- let me -- let me answer that a little bit higher level just for further one's benefit if they're not following, maybe as --- as closely. So we mentioned on the last call, very robust participation is auction. We ran and we feel very good about the announcement we made in October to sell that asset to Southwest Gas Holdings, all-cash transaction almost $2 billion and it is on track. We expect that to close this quarter subject only to HSR clearance. So yes, there is -- there's a lot of back and forth right in the press, we get that but we don't see any impact in our transaction. Our agreement is intentional, on both sides it's airtight. Surplus gas has fully committed financing, is not dependent on the completing equity issuance or anything like that. There are no conditions other than HSR and there is no provision where they could be terminated early. So we feel really good about that. Pretty straightforward, so we look forward to closing later this quarter.
Bob Blue: Yeah thanks, Shar. When we set that 6.5% rate in July of last year, July of 2020, we were confident then. We were asked some about it and we said that there's no obviously one input we were asked a lot about this triennial at the time. There's no one input to setting a growth rate like that. It's a variety of inputs and one of the things that we mentioned at the time was we assume that we're going to have constructive regulatory outcomes and we've had those. We had one in South Carolina, and in North Carolina, and in this Virginia triennial. All of that is supportive of that 6.5% growth rate, so we were confident at the time. We announced it. We remain confident; we think we've executed well on regulatory outcomes. And its most recent triennial settlement as a good example of that. As the capital we'll update, capital on the fourth quarter call as we mentioned in our prepared remarks. So the bottom line is, we remain as confident in 6.5% as we did when we announced it.
Bob Blue: Yeah, so the costs? You're right, the capital costs number is, that we estimated earlier now that we've done all of the competitive bidding process and moved from conceptual to firm contracts, has gone up [Indiscernible]. But as we mentioned, the production expectation, that capacity factor out of this, has also gone up as we've got more data which means that the customer bill impact is the same. As we said, it'd be in an $80 to $90 per megawatt hour range, and we're squarely within that at $87. So, you can't focus just on the capital input here on a project like this. You also have to focus on how much electricity is it generating, since it's going to be generating more than we had previously assumed. That's what lands that customer impact, right where we've been talking about in the $80 to $90 range.
Bob Blue: Yeah. Thanks, David. In the last, if you look back over the last 15 years or so in Virginia, I think that party, and power, and the Governor's mansion has changed twice. In the Virginia House of Delegates it's changed twice. In the State Senate it's changed several times. The Senate wasn't up for election this time, it was the governor and House of Delegates. What's remained consistent throughout that period is that our Company has maintained constructive relationships with members of both parties, and we don't see any reason that that would change, and the reason is that what has remained also consistent over that period and even before, is a bipartisan commitment to economic growth and jobs and the economy in Virginia. And if you look at what Governor-elect Youngkin ran on not surprisingly given his extensive business background, he ran on a platform of increasing jobs and economic growth, and we obviously support that. We're going to do everything we can to help him achieve the objectives of growing Virginia's economy. We do that by providing reliable electricity, by keeping energy prices affordable. We've done that over the years. That was our reliability and affordability were recognized by the FCC staff in the recent triennial review so we have a track record there. So what I would expect is that Virginia will continue that bipartisan commitment to jobs and economic development As witnessed in the announcement we talked about in our prepared remarks, the Siemens Gamesa offshore wind blade finishing factory, that was the result of bipartisan work. Both parties deserve credit for that kind of job creation in Tidewater Virginia. We would expect that that's going to continue going forward.
Bob Blue: Yeah. Obviously that would improve the customer bill impact associated with how the project is -- as you correctly identify, if there's a tax benefit that gets passed on to customers we're still sorting through that. But again, based on the inputs that we've defined here, we're just staying right in that 80 to $90 range. So we get the lower-end better for customers and obviously we will have to see how that plays out.
Bob Blue: Yeah, I think that they've evolved to be pretty consistent with what we expected when the project was first announced. So we had a pretty good idea of what will be involved in terms of construction and construction on onshore for the electric transmission, there may be some additional benefits probably with onshore electrical because that's going to be given what we had to do to route this and to make sure we're connecting to the 500 kV. That's part of what's driving the overall capital costs being greater. So a bigger investment there, more job creation there, but I think the bottom line is this is going to be good for the Hampton Roads economy, good for the Virginia economy. And I think that Siemens Games announcement is really important because it starts the process here in Virginia, a state that is very well-positioned given its location on the East Coast, given its port and the access to the port unobstructed by bridges and the deep water port to be a real hub of offshore wind economic activity. We certainly support that, and we supported that in working with Siemens Gamesa to put that blade factory here. So, the more, the better.
