Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Greg. This is Mark. We actually were quite happy with the first quarter weather normalized sales where we were up slightly more than 1.5%. If you recall, we guided everybody this year to 1% sales growth annually, 2015 over 2014. And then as we talked on February 9, we looked for growth beyond that 1.5% next year and then a more normal 2% range for us, 2017 through the end of the decade. But for the first quarter, residential sales came in strong. And what we're very pleased about is commercial sales came in strong, excluding data centers, which we already knew were going to be very strong. Commercial sales were where we lagged in the last couple of years due to sequestration particularly in Northern Virginia and Eastern Virginia. So we'll see how that trend continues through rest of the year, but with just three months' worth of data, we think we're off to a strong stale start.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, on Blue Racer – this is Mark. If you note in the script, there were two areas that we didn't talk about mainly because we gave such comprehensive update in February, and one of them was Blue Racer. And what I want to mention on Blue Racer is that we need to bound Blue Racer because we get lots of questions on it, we get lots of questions on the basin. But Blue Racer's contribution at $85 million to $95 million, which we showed on February 9, is less than 2% of the total contribution to Dominion's overall earnings. The other area that we will update only on significant changes are unregulated gas retail business, which again, the reason we've stopped including that in our script is because it's 1% of our total overall earnings. So I just want to give that backdrop. And in terms of Blue Racer, in the first half of this year, we feel real good with the processing volumes that are out there. We have three processing units up and running. The frac addition that was scheduled for the second quarter is in commissioning. So I think – and we feel real good with Blue Racer. The question I think will be with Blue Racer and others is later this year, do we continue to see the tie-ins that we expected before, and we'll have to wait and see what producers do. But permits continue to grow in Ohio and Pennsylvania, and we are optimistic, but we'll wait and see what the fourth quarter brings.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Steve. It's Mark. One of them was in our guidance for the year. The other one was an agreement that we have with a producer that was not in this year's guidance. And so that was $0.04 of the $0.07 difference, but that's kind of the breakdown.
Mark F. McGettrick: Chris, this is Mark. No, there's no additional update other than what we talked about at the Analyst Meeting. And you're exactly right. We said after we do the aftermarket, we could have potentially an equity need of $500 million to $1 billion over the next three years. But what we're watching closely in terms of influencing this is what's going to happen with bonus depreciation. If bonus depreciation were to be extended a year or two year, we would be a very large beneficiary of that because we have some very large projects underway that could well have a significant impact on any equity needs that will be remaining over the next three years. So stay tuned on that later this year and see what happens in Washington and then we'll be able to give some more clarity from 2016 and 2017.
Thomas F. Farrell: (22:10) weak but – excuse me, Greg, the industrial was a weaker right, but it's very deceiving because most of the industrial weakness was due to low curtailment activities in the first quarter based on weather.
Thomas F. Farrell: Julien, sure. Paul Koonce is going to handle the farmouts first and then I'll talk generally about Blue Racer versus what we showed in February.
Thomas F. Farrell: Julien, I think it can happen in a number of different ways. Most of the assets that are in the market right now are liquid-sensitive assets which we would not be interested in. But there are some that have fairly stable regulated earnings pipeline-type assets. We – if they were accretive and supportive of our growth rate at DM, we could do it at DM. We could do it at D and house those until we want to drop them in the future. So we have tremendous flexibility. That's why we like the model of D and DM, focusing on these assets together. And we may well be a straight unit buy at DM or it might be buy at D with a dropdown very similar to Carolina Gas Transmission. So lots of flexibility, but I can assure you, we are not going to buy anything unless it adds value to both DM and D.
Thomas F. Farrell: We're pretty far down the road on how we want to structure that, Julien. We've had a lot of inbound from all kinds of people that would be interested in partnering with an ultimate sell-down. I think the structure is going to be very similar to what we've talked about publicly before, and that is a partial sell-down into a joint venture and then an ultimate absolute sale in the future after certain tax restrictions are released. So look for more on that probably late summer or fall, but that process is well underway.
Thomas F. Farrell: I think the way it will work, Julien is that we will get a cash sale for the interest that we sell initially into the JV. And then we'll get a cash sale when we ultimately sell down the remaining interest at a future period.
Thomas F. Farrell: I'll ask Paul Koonce to answer the first part of that. In terms of Atlantic Coast, we're only focused on the existing project we have at Atlantic Coast and moving that process through the approval and construction period. We don't, at this point in time, see any other project but what's been announced on ACP.
Thomas F. Farrell: This is Tom Farrell. Of course, we have Brunswick. We just finished Warren. Brunswick is 60% complete. Greensville County will be filing for. We also announced the 400 megawatts of solar. And it is – I am highly confident that we will need more generation construction in Virginia post Greensville County as a result of the carbon – the so-called Clean Power Plan. How much and what it will look like? We'll have to see how the final rule comes out. There's issues around the interim target and how rigorous that will be, whether it's a cliff-like target for 2020 or whether it'll be some kind of phasing in over the first few years of the compliance period ultimately getting to 2030. But I don't think there's – I think there's very little chance we won't need to construct significant more generation in Virginia over the next 10 years to 15 years.
Thomas F. Farrell: It was – we ran this typical RFP process. It's all done completely at arm's length. It was reviewed by independent parties and you'll see all that supported in the filing when it comes. We should have the approval on Greensville County early next year and then get under construction.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, Dan, it was interesting results, obviously, after a very long drawn out process. I'm not sure, to be honest with you, what it pertains to the future. We have our new Chairman – our new FERC Chairman is there. We'll have to see what emphasis there is on these kinds of projects. We'll continue to look at them. And if we think it makes sense for us to participate, we will. And it's hard for me to – I wouldn't want to try to judge much about the future of that one data point. But we're going to – I can understand why you would ask. We're all going to continue to watch it.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, there will be – just to make sure there's not a big deal, but there's nuance in this. There is a ROE reset in 2018. There is not in this biannual, and that will apply to the riders going forward. There's no earnings test, but there is a ROE review. We're just, Dan, I would just say that we will focus very carefully on how we manage the business and we expect to be able to balance the needs of our customers and our other constituency as – constituents as we go through the next five years.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, we have a lot in process but Paul Koonce spends a lot of time day-to-day on this, so I'll let him answer the question.
Thomas F. Farrell: Steve, I actually think it's a little bit of both. There is a lot of activity going on. And so – and I think the nature of the conversation has gotten louder. But when you back up and look at it, we've already surveyed nearly 80% of the right of way for the Atlanta Coast Pipeline. We've let out the making the steel. We're going to – we're doing looking on the construction projects. Now FERC has – this is what they do. They're very professional about this. They recognize their role. And I just think it's – the world has changed some for sure, but we'll see how it all goes on from here. But I think it is – there's going to be more noise around all pipeline.
Thomas F. Farrell: Steve, I don't think anything's changed measurably. We had the drop-off in oil. It went down to mid-$40s [ph prop month (38:52), but the strip is back to – in the low-$60s for 2015, mid-$60s for 2016, 2017. So I think if oil continues to stabilize and recover, we have a growing confidence that a lot of the producers will start tying in a lot of these wells and continue to grow at least in the regions that we're operating in. That's why I mentioned earlier we're just going to have to wait and see till the fourth quarter or so as they work through. The wells are already been drilled and those – in that production. But I guess what makes us feel pretty good, if you look at the permitting in Ohio and Pennsylvania, West Virginia, you continue to add every month new permits and new growth. And so it's just going to come down to producer confidence on how quick they're going to tie in and what basins they're going to ship resources to. But it certainly looks like Marcellus and Utica are still the two prime regions to drill for gas oil and liquids if you're going to invest your capitals. So we'll see where we go between fourth quarter next year in terms of volumes.
Thomas F. Farrell: I think that's Bristol you're referring to, which is in the far southwest part of the state, which is outside of our service territory. We have a – I think there are 14 electrics co-ops that are in our service territories, it's like that, and it's above 10. Now, they're all – we work very cooperatively with them. We're their transmission providers. We have a – they have a collective group that advise generation on the markets, some from us they own, some plants, they own part of North Anna with us and part of Clover. But that – I don't – I haven't heard any notion of that from any of the other co-ops other than or munis for that matter other than Bristol.
Thomas F. Farrell: We look at – this happens with every pipeline, whether it's 10 miles or 500 miles. We've already done over 100 small reroutes along the lines. It's one of the reasons why you go survey is to be able to meet with the landowners and they can express concerns about a particular – where you're touching their property. If you can figure out a way to change it to make it work for everybody, that's what we do. And then we're looking at 10. We've already adopted 10 major reroutes and looked at others. So this is all part of the process. This is why you go through the pre-filing process to make sure everybody gets the chance to be heard on it, and you can figure out what's the best approach. We've had – there've been almost 30 open houses and scoping meetings on this project so far, 7,500 people attending. And that's the natural outcome, is to have reroutes.
Thomas F. Farrell: I didn't touch on that at all. That's an interesting idea and we'll have to – we'll talk to our staff about the – staff at the State Corporation Commission – the Utility Commission staff to see what interest level they have in it. It's the kind of thing you would – we would want to have sort of stakeholder process to go through and see if people really wanted us to do that or not, but the legislation did not touch on that.
Thomas F. Farrell: Paul, we said at the Analyst Meeting that we saw about $500 million worth of earnings for farmouts over the planned period that we talked about.
Thomas F. Farrell: It's going to be – I think it's going to be a little lumpy depending on what region you're in. We've done most of our Marcellus farmouts already, so we're focused on that 180,000 acres of our Utica. We've had some strong interest in acreage there. But I think if you want to model it, I'd model a $100 million a year or so as you'll go through, but just knowing that depending on the timing of producers' interest, it could move around.
Paul D. Koonce: Good morning, Julien. Yes. We still remain very much engaged with producers on Utica acreage. We had a lot of success with the farmouts in the Marcellus. We're now moving into the Utica, which is really the dry Utica, which right now seems to be where a lot of producers are putting forth their interest. So if you go back to the chart that Tom showed at February 9, the $450 million to $500 million between 2015-2020, we really haven't seen anything change that. We've been quite encouraged, frankly. So that's kind of where we stand. We're in negotiations right now, and we'll continue that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yeah. Just on CGT growth, there are three projects in particular that have already been executed with the counterparty. They execute – the counterparty in this case being South Carolina Electric and Gas. So the growth is in place. The contracts have been signed. The permitting process is well underway. So we really don't see anything there that would really cause any question or concern.
Paul D. Koonce: Hey, Dan. Good morning. What is interesting is that people sort of look closely at the clean power plan. We're starting to see a lot of our business development effort shift towards providing supplies to combined cycle. So we're seeing it off of the Dominion East Ohio System up in Ohio. And of course, we're seeing it along the DTIs system along the East Maryland and Eastern Pennsylvania in those areas. So I think as we go forward in time, you'll hear us talking about combined cycle, gas supplies for combined cycle. That I think is going to be the next wave of growth.
Paul D. Koonce: No, I think we're seeing combination of both, but new build certainly is one area where we've seen a lot of activities. So our pipeline team is really spending a lot of time looking at the flexible services that generators need. So, for example, we've typically designed pipe to provide ratably over 24 hours. If you need to supply all of that in an eight-hour period, it's a little bit different design spec. So those are the things that we're looking at. It's not just repowering, it's newbuild as well.
