Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Dan. This is Mark. We've had a lot of interest from a number of parties in terms of assets that would fit nicely within a DM portfolio. If any of those transactions were to materialize between now and the end of the year, we do not expect issuing any equity associated with those – any public equity associated with those. And, again, I've mentioned in the script that we will be sure to focus on only assets that have a very stable, regulated, long-term earnings stream. But we are excited that people really like the DM currency. And I think there may be greater value with the DM currency than what their current earning streams are within their assets.
Mark F. McGettrick: Julien, it's Mark. We think our GP is extraordinarily valuable. It grows in value every day as we get closer to major drops in 2018, 2019 and 2020. Although there's been some good valuations on GP sales down the road, we think that value should move into both the DM and to D stock as we give more and more clarity on that. So, we are not looking to do anything different with our GP except to hold it at Dominion as we grow the entity. In terms of the MLP sector in general, it appears that some investors have shown concern based on recent transactions around change in business practice or at least change in philosophy on their business mix. DM will not go that way. DM is going to stay with what we told investors in February. That we have a great dropdown story, regulated assets, very firm earnings. And if we decide to acquire anything, it will fit that same portfolio. Also, it looks like that folks that had to issue equity as part of a transaction have not been treated too well in certain circles. So, again, we do not expect to have any market equity issued for any potential transaction from DM to make sure that we're focused on growing that entity and growing value for both DM unitholders and D shareholders.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, Greg, I'm going to give a general answer to that, because we're not going to disclose what our internal financial rates are. But, as we look at any transaction on DM, we'll look at is it positive to the discounted cash flow metric, is it positive in terms of long-term IRR, is it positive in terms of strategic long-term value, is it positive in terms of can we operate it more effectively potentially than the current owners. And anything we do on DM is going to, again, fit, I think, the structure that our unitholders are interested in. And our focus would be, if we did acquire, it allows us to keep the backlog that we have and grow it even more from the $1.7 billion post-2020 that we've already identified. And so, those are kind of opportunities we're looking at. I think the Carolina Gas Transmission acquisition fit all those parameters that I outlined for you. And I think if we have any announcement in the future in terms of acquisition, it will meet the hurdle rates that people are expecting or exceed those and be well received.
Mark F. McGettrick: This is Mark. Let me add on to that. Obviously, from initial expectation on CGT, the cash flows have been better than what we anticipated, one reason that we confirmed earlier that we didn't need to drop anything else in 2015. And so as – only being associated with that entity for five months or so now. We're very pleased with the way it operates, very pleased with the growth potential that it has. And, again, we believe that there is more opportunities to improve the cash flow coming out of South Carolina than what we've initially anticipated in January.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, this is Mark. (31:14) in terms of size would be material to DM, what we're looking at, but not material to a D balance sheet. So our focus really is what assets are out there that may fit our portfolio that would allow us to continue to build our backlog long-term and stay and support our 22% distribution growth. We do not anticipate advancing any drops to do that. This would just be a matter of it fits the profile, has good future growth, but they – I would say they would not be significant in terms of size is what we're – from what we're looking at right now.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Good morning, Dan. Obviously, it's a very complicated rule. It's interesting to take a look – you have to really look at it state-by-state. I'm sure you know that and all those folks listening. So, to make broad generalizations about it, I think, is a mistake. I think you need to look at how each state – how they have – what levels they have to comply with, what their existing mix is. Example, if you look at the Southeastern states and the Midwestern states, where our pipeline assets are as well positioned as any, there are others well positioned, but I think ours are well positioned as any or better. Gas-fired power will be able to meet the needs with the latest emissions targets – the rates that were published in the final rule. So we're encouraged by that. I think that's a good news – opportunity for our infrastructure businesses. We're going to take a hard look at the IRP. I'd say our Greensville County plant, for example, will clear all these hurdles. It provides tremendous customer benefit – most customer benefit we've had of any of these projects, truly an outstanding opportunity. We will be looking hard at solar. The renewable and energy efficiency parts of the rule are slightly convoluted with the way the timing works. If you're looking at a potential gap, I think, in incentives to build renewable, once the tax production did not – the investment tax credits expire, at the end of next year – for example, solar, if you start building after your status filed a final plan, which is going to be well after most likely when the tax credits expire, then you can start earning these double credits, but only in the years 2020 and 2021. And then the ability to earn the credits expires. You can't earn them in advance of 2020. So all the folks that sit in rooms like we're in here today are going to be looking at, well, when do I – if I'm going to do this, when do I do it? When is the best for my customers, at least a solution to my customers? So I think people will have to be thinking through all that, state-by-state. You could have a couple of years there where there is a lack of incentive to build renewables when compared to waiting. So that's a long answer, probably longer than you want. We're looking for – it's a complicated rule. All of us have a lot of work to do. And we will be reassessing our IRP. But, as you know, we file it every year. So, it's not like it's stagnant.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: We're taking a look at the commission order. I'm confident we will – they asked for some more cost justification. There is a lot of cost justification. We don't anticipate any difficulty with that. It's a new statute, new proceeding. So we'll take a look at what they want us to file and then we'll file it and proceed from there. I don't expect any issue on it in the end.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Greg, I don't think we've ever said that we were opportunistically looking to expand our utility franchise. In fact, I'm quite certain that we've never said that in the 10 years I've been CEO. All we said is that we have been – we are interested in assets for Dominion Midstream Partners that fit the criteria that Mark mentioned. I think we are perceived as a management group and a broad of directors that exercises financial discipline. And that's the way we will continue to perceive. But we've never said we're looking around for an electric utility.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Yeah. Steve, we've got a lot of things we're working on. And we'll do our best to make sure we give you as much clarity as we can in the fall.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: We've reserved some in December, I think, Paul. And then we've spent a lot of time through the last six months looking at – we need to keep this in context, of course. We don't have – there are many other of our colleagues in the industry have a lot more of these ponds than we do. We do have some ponds. We will deal with them. We've fine-tuned it. We don't think it's that significant of an expense, but, obviously, significant money. But we're going to clean them up in compliance with all the EPA regulations. So that's a long way of saying, yes, we believe that's all we will have to do.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Paul, thank you for that question. We spend a lot of time looking at not only – take, for example, the IRP. We gave five or six different approaches depending upon we were sort of guessing – educated guesses of what the Clean Power Plan would look like. And we'll obviously take another look at it. But cost to our customer is a paramount thing for us. We spend a lot of time looking at that. We pace things as a result of that. Now if you look at the gap that we still have for producing our own generation, if you're went back five years, we could have justified building two or three of these plants all at one time to meet our customers' needs. But we didn't think that was the appropriate way to deal with rates. We start from a very strong position. We're 20% below the national average in rates. We're among the lowest on the East Coast. We have one of the lowest industrial rates in the entire country. So we work very, very hard at keeping really strong operations, particularly in our generation fleet, to keep cost down, reliability for our customers. As these things go along, we take into account all through that process. I don't find it remarkable that a commission would say that they're concerned about rate pressure. I hope that all commissions are concerned about rate pressure.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: EDGE is a – just to remind everybody is a software product that we developed here – we have multiple patents on – that does voltage control in real-time instantaneous information and can be verified. The cost savings can be verified through a separate process. So, quite a few utilities co-ops have adopted it and are in the process of installing it. There are a lot more looking at it and some very large ones. So I think the Clean Power Plan – they got rid of the energy efficiency as one of the methods but they still give you some incentives, of course, if you wait till 2020.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Our Governor McAuliffe, I think, pretty sure I read, has already stated that they intend to – the state of Virginia will file a state implementation plan. He's said that before as the EPA was going through it. So, I wouldn't anticipate any lawsuits from Virginia. And, obviously, we will be working with the governor's environmental quality people along with our reliability regulators to help get make sure they have all the information they need to form the best plan for Virginia. So, a lot in the growth. We're definitely going to have to do a lot more in Virginia, but there is a lot of growth that's also going to happen in the gas infrastructure businesses. People talk about renewables being built and they will be built. But, as you all know, you have to backup all those renewables with gas-fired power plant. So, we think there is a lot of opportunity. And if you look at it state-by-state, the region where our pipeline operates, gas will work.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: It's signed up for 1.5 now. And I think we've said previously that it's easy to expand it to 500 a day just by adding some pressure. So, we're still obviously in the pre-filing process but we'll file that formally next month.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: There are issues around debt, but we have no intention of – I don't think we've ever talked about DTI before anytime. It's out in the future. What we're talking about dropping right now is Cove Point, the Atlantic Coast pipeline, Blue Racer and all times to – when necessary to meet the 22% distribution growth rate that we have been meeting so far and will meet over the balance of this period.
