Thomas F. Farrell ll: Thank you. This morning Dominion Resources and Questar Corporation announced a definitive agreement to combine. Dominion will pay Questar's shareholder $25 per common share in cash plus the assumption of $1.6 billion in debt for total enterprise value of $6 billion. As soon the receipt of all required regulatory approvals, the companies expect to close the transaction by the end of this year. We are very excited about adding Questar to the Dominion portfolio company. This agreement is a combination of premium, integrated asset profiles and is well-aligned with Dominion's existing strategic focus and core energy infrastructure operations. These high-performing regulated assets will provide enhanced scale and diversification into constructive regulatory jurisdictions. Furthermore, the value to Dominion's investors from the transaction does not require a significant levering of our balance sheet. The permanent financing will feature an equity component from both Dominion Resources and Dominion Midstream Partners, and will be supportive of management's commitment to our existing credit ratings targets. Transaction is consistent with our announced growth strategy, specifically the acquisition and development of reasonably valued regulated MLP qualifying assets with stable, long-term cash profiles. And in addition, in the case of Questar, a fast-growing, regulated gas distribution company in states that have a strong pro-business environment. We think it is an ideal combination for both Dominion shareholders, Dominion Midstream unitholders, and Questar's shareholders and all of our employees. Questar has a long history of doing business with integrity and honesty, and a strong commitment to its employees and the communities they serve. It is a very well-managed company with strong commitment to safety, ethics and excellence, which are core values shared by the employees of Dominion. As part of the Dominion team, Questar's customers can also count on a continuation of the high quality service they have enjoyed. Questar's operations feature an excellent business risk profile. Margins at its gas utility have been de-risked through constructive regulation, including revenue decoupling, weather normalization, an infrastructure replacement rider and gas cost pass-through, elements that we also share at Dominion East Ohio. Its pipeline operations feature long-term contracts with creditworthy counterparties. Its regulated gas supply business has operated under Commission-approved cost-of-service model for 35 years. Utah is one of the fastest growing states in the country, and is annually ranked among the best states in which to do business. We have already committed approximately $1 billion in solar projects in Utah, which are under long-term contracts to electric utilities. Questar provides enhanced geographic diversity to Dominion's natural gas operations. This is illustrated with a system map shown on slide eight. While our Dominion transmission system is known as the Hub of the Mid-Atlantic, the Questar system is called the Hub of the Rockies, and a principal source of gas supply to the Western states. We believe the value of the system will increase over time, as illustrated on slide nine. As Utah and the surrounding Western states seek to comply with the requirements of the EPA's Clean Power Plan, as well as meet state-mandated renewable portfolio standards, compliance is highly likely to result in an increased reliance on low-emission gas-fired generation. The transaction also provides significant benefits to Dominion's investors. It will be immediately accretive to earnings per share with limited impact on our balance sheet. It provides a significant addition to Dominion's inventory of top-quality, low-risk MLP eligible assets. We intend to finance a portion of the acquisition through a contribution of Questar Pipeline to Dominion Midstream Partners, taking advantage of the MLP's lower cost of capital, and diversifying our equity funding sources. DM investors will benefit significantly, as the acquisition will add over $425 million of EBITDA to Dominion's already extensive inventory of high-quality, MLP-eligible regulated assets. We're very excited about this morning's announcement. I will be back in a few minutes to update you on our growth plans and take your questions but now turn the call over to Mark McGettrick.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Before we take your questions, I want to provide a quick update on our growth plans. Construction of the 1,358-megawatt combined-cycle facility in Brunswick County was about 96% complete at year-end. There are around 450 workers on site. All major equipment has been installed and all three combustion turbines were successfully fired on natural gas during December. The facility is on time and on budget, with an expected mid-2016 commercial operation date. The hearing on our request for CPCN and rate rider for the proposed 1,588-megawatt Greensville County project was held on January 12. A decision from the State Corporation Commission is expected in April. The three-on-one combined-cycle facility is expected to achieve commercial operation in December 2018. We continue to execute on our merchant solar strategy. Dominion completed eight projects in 2014, totaling 171 megawatts in California, Utah and Georgia. Our projects for 2016 include 530 megawatts from two joint ventures located in Utah. These projects are under long-term PPAs and are expected to be in service in the third quarter. In November Dominion acquired an 80-megawatt project to be constructed on Virginia's Eastern shore, supported by a PPA with Amazon and scheduled for operations in the fourth quarter of this year. In December and January, Dominion closed on our agreement for the sale of a 33% interest in 425 megawatts of our solar portfolio to SunEdison for approximately $300 million. We have a number of electric transmission projects at various stages of regulatory approval and construction. During the fourth quarter, $398 million of transmission assets were placed into service, bringing the full year total to a record $1 billion. Progress on our growth plan for Dominion Energy continues as well. We are continuing to work for the commencement of construction on the Atlantic Coast Pipeline and the related Supply Header Project. We made formal FERC filings for these projects in September. Surveying and pipeline engineering is now over 90% complete. We've also contracted for about 70% of the project materials. We plan to begin construction on both projects in the fourth quarter of this year and begin operations in November 2018. Now an update on our Cove Point liquefaction project. Overall, the project is approximately 56% complete as of yearend and there are about 1,600 workers on site. Engineering is 97% complete and all 34 of the construction packages have been approved by FERC. The project continues to be on time and on budget for a late 2017 in-service date. We also have 13 energy growth projects underway with $1.2 billion of investment to move more than 2 billion cubic feet per day for customers by the end of 2018. The Edgemoor project in South Carolina was placed into service in December and Western Access II project was placed into service in January. In the fourth quarter, we received FERC approval for four pipeline expansion projects planned to be in service later this year or early next. So to summarize, we are very excited about our combination with Questar Corporation. It will be a premium, quality addition to Dominion and Dominion Midstream's portfolio. The combination provides geographic diversification to our natural gas operation and provides opportunities for future expansion. The transaction is consistent with Dominion and Dominion Midstream's strategic focus on regulated energy infrastructure businesses with MLP qualifying assets. The transaction is immediately accretive to Dominion's earnings and provides the substantial addition to our inventory of MLP-eligible operations. Thank you. And we're ready to take your questions.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: All right. Greg, I would just add a thought about the pipelines that Mark mentioned with respect to coal. We spend a lot of time, as you know, at Dominion analyzing the Clean Power Plan, its impacts across the country, how important gas infrastructure is going to be, the compliance with Clean Power Plan. Atlantic Coast Pipeline is the key component of that in Virginia, North Carolina for now. And there is – Wyoming and Utah both are almost 80% coal-fired generation, provide electricity for their citizens. So I think there's a lot to look at in that region over the next decade.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Well, Steve, thanks for the question. I guess, I don't view it as being a utility-ish combination. What we've said since our investor conference in February that we will be actively looking for assets to add to our MLP. And we have been doing that, as you know, we added portion of the Iroquois pipeline to our portfolio. We added the Carolina Gas Transmission system. We were particularly attracted to Questar's assets, largely because of the pipeline. We're perfectly happy with the LDC, which is one of the fastest growing LDCs in the country. Utah has often been ranked as the number one state in which to do business, and Questar Gas is a fast-growing LDC. And it has very similar attributes to East Ohio Gas. But it was the MLP-eligible assets that particularly caught our attention. And after we took a hard look at the region's Clean Power Plan goals, or targets, that the EPA has imposed. So this was a pipeline that's going to have a lot of growth opportunities and a very well-run, active-in-the-community, safety-conscious workforce at the LDC. So we're not looking all over the place trying to buy anything. We're looking for, as we said from the beginning, MLP-eligible assets. This takes care of – we don't need anything – we have with this – 2016 is already taken care of. This takes care of 2017, part of 2018. Blue Racer, if it's dropped, will be in the 2020s sometime. So Dominion Midstream Partners has now available to it a long, long runway of contracted long-term gas infrastructure assets with zero commodity risk in them. So I think it's a tremendous acquisition, also for the purpose of Dominion Midstream Partners, or unitholders. So all in all, I wouldn't necessarily view it as, like, we decided we were going to get interested in utility M&As. In fact, it's the same things that we have said since February.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: We found this when we think this is an outstanding acquisition for both, or combination for both Dominion and Dominion Midstream Partners. A lot of – as you know, there's a lot of distress, as you put it, in the midstream areas. This is a company that's distressed. It's very well run, and what we like particularly about it is the nature of the assets, long-term contracted.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Sure. We said actually, people have asked us, we said all along that we were going to be looking for MLP-eligible assets. People would ask very logical questions. Does it need to be in your – are you looking for things that are geographically proximate? The answer was yes, but that it's preferred, but not required. That is the answer we've given since we started talking about this a year ago. What's particularly interesting about Questar, in addition to the culture of the company, which very closely matches our own, is the hub concept. Dominion, our transmission system is the hub of the Mid-Atlantic. Almost every – well, every pipeline that comes into the Northeast hits our system somewhere. We move gas from the west, from the south, from Canada. All of it had mixes through our system, and then is redeployed to the east through our system and other systems. Questar Pipeline provides that same service for the Northwest United States, and a large chunk of California. Almost a third of the gas of Western states goes through this pipeline system. So we're familiar with hubs. We see tremendous value in the hub system. And we think there's a lot of opportunity for growth through what will become, we hope soon, Dominion-Questar.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Thank you, Brian. Operation: Thank you. Our next question will come from Praful Mehta with Citigroup.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: The transaction is – the premium, I think, particularly, we'll leave it up to you all to compare it to other transactions that have happened in the last year or so. I think it has compared very favorably with those. This transaction though is not – accretion does not come from synergies. It comes from the ability to use Dominion Midstream Partners' equity instruments, along with Dominion's equity instruments. I think that's important for the analyst community to understand and shareholders, that it's the availability of those tools, and the growth that we see and that we can help enhance at Questar over the next few years. So there is a lot of opportunities there that we think, when in combination, we can be additive.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Well, the Wexpro agreement, as you know, there's been a form of Wexpro agreement with Utah, Wyoming and Idaho Commissions for 35 years. And they just very recently did a settlement of Wexpro II, as you know, it's got a different structure to it. It has a lower ROE in it, although you can, depending upon what's going on in the markets, you can return to that ROE. Frankly, we're going to watch and see what happens with Wexpro. The core here for us is making sure we provide good service, reliable service to the folks in Utah, Idaho and Wyoming that are part of this system, that Wexpro has provided tremendous benefits to those customers over many years. We don't see any risk, to answer your question, around the regulatory treatment of Wexpro. And the gas production business, the gas supply business, that's how we view it, we're not going to be going off into the E&P business. We'll maintain – it's our view the Wexpro business needs to be maintained for the benefit of the customers of Questar.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Well, there are a number of moving parts, Angie. One is, that the Blue Racer contribution is lower than what we had previously talked about. Second, that we knew in 2016 that we had a fairly large solar ITC number. And we haven't really determined what we were going to do with 2017 because the tax credit was going to go right away. So that – we're looking at other drivers to help that. Third is that, because of the capacity performance assumption if we have at the end of 2016 versus 2017, the number is better for us in 2016 than it is 2017 in the original assumption. And then there is a few other items that drove us on the downside there. But it wasn't anything – one single thing that was really large. It was just a lot of assumptions that we made for the February meeting that market conditions have challenged that. And so this offer a good opportunity to kind of make sure we could stay on track.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Yeah, Blue Racer's contributions were lower really just based on -we had slowed Blue Racer down and limited the capital investments in that. The biggest driver was that we were going to have five processing plants online in 2015. We only have four right now. And we have the other one on hold until market conditions improve for 2016. We had expected a full year's contribution from that extra processing plant. We're still very bullish on Blue Racer over time. It will have very good year-over-year growth, but not as good growth as we show in the February Analyst Meeting.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: There will be synergies of course, Paul, you're quite right. But my point was, that's not what drives the transaction. It doesn't drive the accretion of the transaction. And we don't have anything to disclose on that today.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, Dan. This is Mark. Let me go ahead and outline it further. We didn't have a slide on it but I think that's important question. We appreciate you asking it. This is how we view this currently, again, market conditions could change, but we expect to issue about $1.5 billion of incremental DRI debt to support the transaction. We also anticipate issuing about $0.5 billion of Dominion equity. We'll do that either through a dribble or a block trade sometime between now and when we anticipate a closing on the transaction. And then the remainder of the takeout will be a combination of mandatory convertibles at Dominion, which has been a very popular financing vehicle for us with investors, and a drop into DM to support the 2017 EBITDA growth and distribution growth from a portion of the pipeline. We have a bridge facility for all the financing. As part of that bridge facility, we have a term loan commitment that extends well beyond closing that gives us significant flexibility for the MLP and when we might drop that. Right now, we said in script that we have no plans and no need to have a drop into DM in 2016. And the equity that we would use from the pipeline drop in 2017 is consistent with what we've said would be the EBITDA drop all the way back to February for the distribution growth to go 22% in 2017. So again, $1.5 billion or so DRI debt, a $0.5 billion DRI equity, and then the remainder a combination of mandatory convertibles at Dominion and MLP drop proceeds.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, again, I would not jump to the assumption, this is an even split. We'll have to see what the market opportunities are for both those instruments out there as we get closer. But I will tell you, Dan, that the DM currency that we IPO'ed last – a year ago October, I guess, is we had out there for about a year-and-a-half. We're actually buying a few shares back, as we disclosed earlier. There's little liquidity in the stock, and our large holders have told us they really want to see more liquidity. We are very confident that when we decide to come to market to support the 2017 drop that we can either do that in a private placement based on what we've been told by our holders, or in overnight transaction. So we're quite confident we can place (26:58) to drop, and as we get closer, we'll determine what size of mandatory convertible versus what size of MLP drop proceeds will be needed to fund the transaction. Keep in mind, again though, we have a term loan commitment well beyond closing that gives us tremendous flexibility on when we would make a DM drop in 2017.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, we're still targeting a 5% growth rate year-over-year. We're not as quite as fine-tuned as you are and others on midpoint-to-midpoint. What we try to do is give a range out there that guides to somewhere in the middle of the range. We use $0.05 increments, as you know. So as we look at $3.80 to $3.90 range, we think that's right in the 5% increase weather-normalized year-over-year, and as we get through the year, we will see if we can refine that range for you.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, that is right, Greg. We haven't given any specific number for 2018 in terms of percent growth. So right now I think the best data point is the 7% to 9%. And as we said in our prepared remarks, that with this acquisition and the Cove Point full year contribution, we would expect to be at the top of that range or potentially exceed it.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think on the distribution side we're very comfortable with that at 8%-plus growth. The pipeline, although it may – as you build your model, our view on the pipeline is, that is an asset that is significantly undervalued. And as Tom reviewed the slides today, the opportunities mid-term and long-term on a business due to the increased gas needs in the west to deal with carbon rules and renewable mandates, we think that number will grow more significantly over time. And on the Wexpro gas supply side, we are taking a view on that business that we are only going to invest in capital that has been regulatory approved in the state. We view that as a gas reserve business similar to what many other companies are trying to get in their rate base, which they've had for 35 years. So we see that business as they've outlined it is (31:15) over the next several years unless markets were to change, and the growth in the distribution pipeline business picking up.
Mark F. McGettrick: Greg, it's going to be considerably smaller than 2016. When we announced this deal we said it's a quarter of our 2017 growth rate, and because of that it will allow us to not rely as much on ITCs in 2017. For planning purposes, and this will be fine tuned, throughout the rest of this year into next year, but I would expect something in the $0.10 to $0.15 range in ITCs for 2017 which is a dramatic increase from 2016.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, 2015 earnings per share basis were about $0.24, and for 2016 they're going to be between $0.30 and $0.35.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think that you should expect the agencies – well, first of all, Steve, we met with agencies well ahead of the announcement to walk them through the plans and the metrics that this combination produce. And I expect both of them to come out very shortly with an opinion. I don't want to get out in front of them on that but we had very good discussions with them, and they clearly understand where we're going and the value of this transaction for us.
Mark F. McGettrick: Sure. Thanks for that question. I think the way you look at it is exactly right. We do not have any equity needs for DM to support our distribution growth rate in 2016. And the Questar pipeline asset essentially will just replace a Blue Racer drop that we had already anticipated in 2017. And we will keep Blue Racer in reserve, so to speak, until 2020 or beyond. So it really doesn't change the DM plan in terms of equity needs going forward, and in the near term we are out of the market. And as I mentioned earlier, the structure of our bridge financing with the term loan at the close gives us a lot of flexibility to enter a midstream market at the most opportune time to support that distribution growth in 2017.
Mark F. McGettrick: It's gone for the foreseeable future, Brian. That was mainly around some manufacturing deductions. There were few other items, but they were mainly around manufacturing. And so until we become a taxpayer again, that is lost. And we don't expect to be a taxpayer for some time with the cash benefit I referenced earlier from bonus depreciation.
Mark F. McGettrick: Brian, we're not going to disclose that right now. But I will tell you it's sizable and it gives us a lot of flexibility on equity drops, more than enough to cover whatever we might be planning.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think for 2017 and 2018 it's not contingent much at all on those capital markets. I think we're comfortable that with the other drivers that we have we can meet the targets that we have out there. And again, the main drivers, as you know, is the Cove Point coming online, on time, and on schedule, and on budget, and then the closing of this transaction. So I think we feel in good shape no matter if DM markets are open or not.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah. The 2017 number is off of the 2016 range that we provided. And it's consistent with what we've said previously in the 5% to 6% range.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, that's a good question. If we weren't clear on it, I really – I'm glad you asked that. All we're focused on in terms of MLP qualifying assets out of Questar is the pipeline. We have targeted the pipeline to be dropped over two years, which just replaces existing Dominion assets that were targeted to be dropped, specifically Blue Racer. The gas supply Wexpro-eligible EBITDA, we do not plan on dropping into DM any time soon. It will be held in reserve at D. And again, with the pipeline asset at Questar, that will get us through 2017 and with a small contribution of Cove Point and the rest of the pipeline, it will get us through 2018. And then Cove Point and the EBITDA available from that asset that's left will get us through 2019 and into 2020. And then we have ACP and Blue Racer to grow on next as we move into the next decade.
Mark F. McGettrick: No, you're exactly right. These are all regulated assets. So we don't expect any purchase accounting impacts at all.
Mark F. McGettrick: Excuse me, we're very comfortable with that, Paul. I mean, and when we talked about that range, our only challenge to that range was when would it exactly happen? And some have happened quicker in 2015 in some areas that we write to and some are slower. Some folks have signed up and now they want to restructure to get more flexibility. So we said that was over five years, very comfortable with that. And we do have an assumption in for 2016 which we think is very manageable. So overall, we like it. I just can't tell you exactly year-on-year how it's going to fold. But it's going to be over the five-year period in the range that we discussed.
Mark F. McGettrick: We have our best estimate out there currently. It's an evolving field. I think we have the permits necessary that we need now to deal with a number of these ash ponds (56:27) with authorities. So I think that the best estimate we have at this point, could be tweaked, possibly, I don't think it will change a lot.
