Bob Blue: Yes, thanks, Shar. Let me take the last part of that first. This is not about corporate M&A, if that's what you're asking about. This is about a business review, a top-to-bottom business review as we made clear in our prepared remarks, looking at strategies that maximize value, business mix, capital allocation, all those kinds of things. And we're going to make decisions, as we would any strategic decision we make with respect to the company and what's in the best interest of our shareholders, of our employees and of our customers. Fundamentally, we took a look at how we're doing, how our share price is doing. And the market is telling us that, we're not performing the way investors expect. And so we think it merits a complete review from top to bottom. We're early in the process, and we're going to, obviously, in addition to shareholder value and our share price performance, be thinking about the macroeconomic environment we're in and making sure that we can deliver on our growth program to the level that we expect. So, we laid out in the opening remarks, and I'll just reiterate, as we're guided by our commitment to our state-regulated utility profile, to our credit profile and our current dividend and to transparency in ensuring shareholder value. So, as we thought about it, we could keep on the same course. As we said, we have a path to 2023. Some would suggest that doing the same thing over and over and expecting a different result, doesn't make a lot of sense, or we could have just announced something. But we thought it made a lot more sense to announce that we're doing this review, get some shareholder input and figure out what's right for our shareholders, our employees and our customers going forward in the long run.
Bob Blue: Yeah. We're obviously closer to the beginning of this process than the end. So we're going to have to work our way through, and see what the ultimate outcome is before I can comment on that, Shar. And I understand your interest in getting more clarity in that today. But until, we've done the process, that question is impossible for us to answer. Again, I would go back to the fact that we're very focused on earnings quality and earnings predictability. That's what our shareholders are telling us they want. That's what we're going to focus on as we're going through this review.
Bob Blue: Yeah. Let me start with the first part of your question. And as we said on the last call, the performance guarantee put a level of risk that our investors we knew would not find satisfactory, didn't make any sense. We've been focused on the cost of constructing this project from the very moment we conceived it. That's what we do. We built Cove Point on time and on budget, and we absolutely expect we're going to build this project on time and on budget the same way. And we're very advanced in the development here. And as you noted, and as we said in our opening remarks, 75% of costs fixed, expecting 90% by early in 2023. So we're very much on target. We're very comfortable with the estimates. The amount of contingency has actually increased since the time we filed, which gives us even more confidence. As we said in our opening remarks, we're working very well with the regulators, working our way through the environmental permitting process. So project is very much on track. We have a high degree of confidence in our ability to build it on time and on budget. And I'm going to ask Diane to walk through a little bit more detail on that.
Bob Blue: Yeah. I think what we're saying, again, I know you're looking for certainty here, but it's early days and we're just getting started. So what we are focused on, you've correctly identified is regulated high quality earnings, predictable earnings going forward. How the numbers all settle out at the end of it, we'll report when that time comes. So that's why we're saying today, we have a path and a status quo scenario, but the outcome of the review could lead to different growth qualitatively and quantitatively.
Bob Blue: Yes, Steve, I think it could be a little bit of all of the above of what you just described. Maybe I'd phrase it a different way is, what investors are telling us they're looking for, what they're looking for is predictability. What they're looking for is earnings quality. They're looking for confidence in long-term growth. And so again, as we go through the review, those are the things that we're going to focus on to try to achieve for investors.
Bob Blue: Steve, what I would say, maybe it's unorthodox, although I think other companies have announced reviews, maybe it's a little unorthodox. But again, as I talked about before, continuing to do the same thing we've been doing may well just end up in the same results that we've achieved before. And we're going to listen to the market. And we look forward to the opportunity to engage with investors and get their perspectives as we're working our way through this. Again, our goal with this is to land on an outcome that provides predictability and quality, and we want to do it in a very transparent fashion.
Bob Blue: Yes. So let me start with the first one, Jeremy, what's off the table versus what's on the table. And the answer to what's off the table is the same as the answer to what's on, which is we've kicked off a review, top to bottom, and again, guided by the principles that we described in our opening comments. And then on the second part of your question, sort of policy initiatives, we described examples of things that we have done in our states over the course of the last few years to help customers, whether it was forgiving arrears, recovering reg costs through base rates, spreading out fuel over multiple periods of time. As we work with policymakers and think through the most logical ways to assure that current customer bills don't get in the way of long-term customer investment, we'll be thinking about those same approaches that we've used in the past and making sure that we achieve constructive regulatory outcomes, which I think we've demonstrated over the course of many years we're very good at achieving here.
Bob Blue: No. Again, there are a lot of factors at play in our business and you can't identify any one of them. Where as we said, the focus is our share performance and what can we do to make sure we maintain our long-term capital investment programs.
