Mark McGettrick: No problem, Paul. There were two issues there. Earlier this year, we impaired State Line based on the one-hour SO2 rule, and we had a small true up to that impairment of about $15 million. The other impairment or it's a small impairment we made to Salem based on analysis we did on future cash flows, and so that plant was impaired by about $19 million.
Mark McGettrick: Well, yes, as you can see from the hedge schedules, we haven't made any progress on our coal facilities in Northeast for 2012, are still unhedged. I know Jonathan, you follow the coal markets closely. We honestly had a at least a temporary run up based on summer challenges in Australia and in the South America on international coal, which is also driven up Central Ap prices higher than what we believe are sustainable. So we're going to be cautious on hedging our New England coal plant until we see some collection on coal. It's no surprise that these Dutch spreads are very small. And those units right now based on elevated coal prices and depressed power prices, so we're going to be very careful going in. We did hedge a significant amount at Millstone, over the last quarter were really liked the prices there on the power, that ran up. There was some pressure based on basis that helped the power spreads. But on coal, we want to be cautious, and we still believe that coal prices as we move to this year and Central Ap will be a normalized down to a lower level.
Mark McGettrick: We think, Hugh, as we've said, that '11, '12 is the bottoming period of that. If you look at an EBIT basis from 2010 to 2011, we expect our Merchant Generation businesses to still drag year-over-year based on the open positions and previous hedged positions. You'll see in the guidance kit that should come out later today, that it's a fairly significant drag in '11, that's in our guidance. EBIT, around the range of $500 million or so. But again, you'll see that as the bottom. And in one of the charts that we showed as we went through the script, we think that based on current forwards, that's the bottom for us, and we should start to see progress from there.
Mark McGettrick: Michael, if you look at '11, you're looking at total capital of about $3.9 billion, consistent with what we've showed before. And in 2012, about $4.6 billion. The growth component of that is $2.1 billion in 2011 and $2.6 billion at 2012. Again, I think these numbers are very consistent with what we've shown previously.
Mark McGettrick: We said in May, and I think it's consistent, Steve, that you should expect overhead expenses to be up $70 million to $80 million year-over-year based on these outages.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Paul. We look on that next year on a sales growth over weather normalized 10 of about 2.7%. Now it may sound like a large number, so I want to break it down for you. 2.7%, about half of that growth is for specific data centers and base consolidation that we know will come online next year. So the real sales growth for commercial and residential customers that we're looking at is about 1.3% year-over-year. If you like to think about the last two years for us, we've been fairly flat in growth. And so we think at 1.3%, that's a fairly modest number that growth would be this year versus last.
Mark McGettrick: Warren County, as Tom mentioned, got its air permit in December of 2010. It's out for EPC bid, and we expect to get those bids in this quarter or early next quarter and evaluate those. The commercial operations date would be probably early '15, late '14 timeframe.
Mark McGettrick: Yes. So thank you very much. I wanted to take this opportunity to let everybody know that a key member of our Investor Relations team is going to move on to a new and challenging job in the company running our business planning department. That would be Greg Snyder, who is the Director of Investor Relations for us. He’s been involved interfacing with everybody on this call and many others for the past seven years. He's done a fantastic job for us. And we really appreciate the contributions he's made. We wish him well in his new endeavors. He's actually just going down one floor. So we have a place to find him if we need help, but really appreciate everything he's done. And then finally, just to remind everybody, our first quarter earnings call is tentatively scheduled for April 28. We appreciate the time and attention today on this call. Thank you.
Thomas Farrell: There are five major outages. Three of them are -- we have all three of the merchants. Vehicular units have refueling outages. Brayton Point, the cooling towers that Mark mentioned, part of it is done late this year, a little bit of it’s in '12. So Brayton will be out for much longer period than would be normal. And last is because they've been running Fairless Works above plan, we have to do a maintenance outage on Fairless Works in '11, which earlier than was anticipated originally.
Thomas Farrell: I'm going to revert to -- I've said all we're going to say about M&A. Since I became a CEO over five years ago, I've never talked about it. I'm not going to talk about it in the future, but there was lots of rumors running around. I appreciate folks' interest in it, but I think it's just better not to talk about it one way or another. But I understand your question.
Thomas Farrell: Nathan, you're referring, I assume to the comment about potential liquefaction facility. We've done work around what it' cost would be. We're not far enough along to announce what that would be. We have discussed the potential for liquefaction facilities at Cove Point with the number of various major companies. If you think about Cove Point where it sit there at mid-Atlantic, a couple hundred miles in Marcellus region, it's got all the facilities it needs other than the liquefaction itself. The pipe is there, the terminals are there, the logistics span appear. If the Marcellus is going to build out the way it is expected, to reach its full potential people are going to have to explore exportation of the gas. Like the import facility, we won't enter into a speculative capital investment there. If we go ahead with the liquefaction facility, it will be because it's tied to a firm supply for a long period of time and a firm customer on the other side for a long period of time. We plan on, if we do it, it’ll be acting like we do now as the middleman, in between the suppliers and the customers.
Thomas Farrell: We're going to work with our partner at the Cove Point expansion in development of infrastructure out of the Marcellus region in other ways, in addition to a potential liquefaction facilities. About the period of time, the length of time -- we're talking about for 10 years is what we need, we believe, to make sure that this is going to pan out, if it is, and we will have the flexibility to do that. We're not far enough along on the financing issues, in the cost, and how it would be financed, and who would be partners to talk about potential financing that would come out of it.
