Shar Pourreza: Just a little bit to unpack here. I guess, can you just maybe drill down a bit further on 14 and 15 slides and kind of the messaging around breaking ahead? You're clearly trying to tell investors to not put a growth rate on 290 to get to '25. It seems to be that you're pointing to more tailwinds than risks. Can you just maybe elaborate a bit more on the drivers, like some of the balance sheet moving pieces as it relates to the hedge portfolio, transferability, and even potential free cash flow growth at Millstone, right? And a follow-up, should we assume the pending growth rate, guide will be off that much higher base in 2025? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Okay. We'll wait for more details there. And Steven, the deck is so detailed around the option for win sale process, and it's clearly implying that nothing else is for sale like Scana, which is good. There is sort of a big concern for investors. I have to ask, I apologize for asking, but would Dominion be willing to accept a portion of their partner's construction in the sale, or will the risk sharing have to be basically 100% symmetric in order for the sale process to proceed? So basically asking how comfortable would you be absorbing your partner's downside cost risk, especially as we're thinking about balancing that risk for rate payers and shareholders? Thanks.
Shar Pourreza: Okay, thank you. Just answered my question, Bob. That's very helpful. Thank you, guys. We'll see you in a couple of weeks -- in a week. Thanks.
Bob Blue: Shar, I'll take that one. So on the second question, again, we view 2025 as the foundational year for our post-review earnings growth. So when we do our investor meeting, we'll provide our forecast for 2025 and a growth rate off of that 2025 number, a multiyear growth rate off of that 2025 number. And with regard to slides 14 and 15, look, we felt it was important, given the uncertainty that's been created as a result of the review, to try and be clear about what we think is an accurate assessment of what 2023 earnings are, not because it's going to be the foundational year, but because it's important that investors feel confident about our ability to deliver good results. And the language we've provided on Slide 15 is simply an indication that given a host of very important input variables, which are not public at this time, we would simply caution against taking a simplified approach of applying a growth rate to the $2.90.
Bob Blue: Yeah, we're not giving that guidance, Nick. The language we continue to use is that we're very specific on what we're attempting to achieve for credit, and we're also very specific on what we're attempting to achieve with regard to evaluating efficient sources of capital, seeking to minimize any amount of external financing need. When we have our investor meeting, we will provide a full outlook on what our financing plan is and so, we're just not in a position to give that guidance because the review is not complete yet.
Bob Blue: Yes Steve, we're going to look at total picture on any deal. So I'm not going to tell you what any specific pieces of it may be while we sit here today. We're going to judge any deal against the commitment and priorities that we set out at the beginning of the process to help improve our credit metrics because it to solidify our credit profile, does it enhance shareholder value, does it reduce the company's concentration in this one project, is it consistent with our goal of reliable performance? Those are things we're going to look at and again our objective is to get a true equity partner with pro-rata sharing a project cost. I can't tell you today what the specific pieces of any deal maybe because it's not done yet. That's what we're after.
Bob Blue: Yes. We communicate regularly with them, with our suppliers and if you look at the deck that we posted on the website on offshore wind, we walk through each one of them and the status of the contract with each of them and you can see they're all performing and they're all performing on time. Now I know that Siemens in particular is one that's been in the news recently and there are turban provider. I communicate regularly with the CEO Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy and I most recently heard from him after that news on some of the challenges that they're facing mostly with their onshore business and sort of project potential that they have but they need to be able to put guarantees on those. So they are growth opportunities but that's causing them some challenges that have been in the news. So he assured me they're committed to their contractual obligations and he said nothing will change the close and successful partnership we have from their side. So we're very focused on this. We communicate regularly with all of those providers and as we outlined earlier and as you can see in the deck, those projects are going very well. They're all performing. They're all on time.
Bob Blue: We're committed to the dividend, Jeremy. As we said, we're 100% committed to the dividend. Trying to talk about scenarios that people could imagine, I don't think is terribly productive. We've been committed to the dividend since the beginning. We haven't wavered in that. We're not wavering on it today.
Bob Blue: No. We, I think, laid it out pretty clearly. We're in the last stage here on evaluating an offshore wind equity partner. But no, there's nothing else out there.
Bob Blue: Yeah. So we've got derivatives at both VEPCO as well as at the holding company and more at the holding company than at Vepco. Vepco is, because we use hedge accounting, we're a little more restricted on when we utilize those hedges. So those are '24-'25 style hedges at DEI. We're able to use any time in advance of a future settlement date. So we've got some flexibility in timing of use of that, anywhere between now and 2028, based on the current notional. So we've got some flexibility there and as part of the investor day, we'll of course provide some incremental disclosure around how we intend to utilize that portfolio.
Steven Ridge: Yeah, Shar. Let's take a step back for a moment in this process. When we announced the top to bottom business review last fall, we didn't even have legislative authorization to take an equity partner in offshore win. Now we do, thanks to our proposal and our work with the legislature earlier this year. We didn't have an EIS, a record of decision, for the project. Now we do on the schedule that we expected. We hadn't started manufacturing equipment. Now our first shipment of monopiles has arrived on time. When we started, we had about 75% of project costs fixed. Now we're at 92%. So I could go on with how well the project is going. So we feel very good about what we've done so far. We've got multiple parties who are engaged with us, and our objective is a true equity partner with pro rata sharing of project costs. That's what we're after.
Steven Ridge: Yeah, Nick, let me provide a little guidance on that. So, from 2018 through 2022, our company had a capital budget on average of about $6 billion per year. When we last provided our long-term growth guidance which was the fourth quarter of 2021, net gas distribution so taking gas distribution capital out and you can go back and look at our Q4 2021 earnings debt for this, we averaged in '23, '24 and '25 at the time about $9 billion of capital investment each year over '23, '24, '25. We haven't at this time given any update to that, but we've talked a lot about some of the drivers potentially increase those numbers. Another anecdotal piece of information is that year-to-date through 2023, our CapEx has been $7.2 billion, a year ago through nine thirty, it was $5.2 billion and for the full year 2022, it was $7.6 billion. So you can see even in the result year-to-date how significantly increased our capital budget is an it I want to be clear about what's driving that. What's driving that is demand growth, policy directives and reliability investment many of which are already underway under writer programs at DEV as well as growth at our South Carolina utility. So more to come on that Nick, but we have a very strong demand growth driving on a very robust amount of capital investment in a regulated businesses.
Steven Ridge: Well, we're not giving guidance. So, I'll start with that. I think we provided this list to try and be comprehensive and holistic, so that we're not suspected of trying to cherry pick or give half guidance. We talked a lot internally in advance of this call about staying true to what we've done thus far, which has been disciplined about not providing partial guidance until the review is complete and this is in the spirit of that. Now, I would just say on individual items, some of these are certainly tailwinds. Higher rates, of course, I probably wouldn't describe that as a tailwind, but we talk about the in-the-money portfolio of rates. So, I don't want to get into a box given that we're not giving guidance on any of these particular items, except we felt it was important to highlight the various inputs that we have not disclosed that we think will be important to analyzing accurately what our 2025 earnings will be.
