Unidentified Analyst: Just going to ask, can you provide a little more of an update on the conversations you're having around Questar pipe sales process such as what parties you're talking to and balancing the considerations there? Any additional color you're willing to provide will be appreciated. Thank you. 
Unidentified Analyst: Okay. Thank you for that. Also I wanted to check, given the relatively unique geographic footprint you have being in Virginia, could you discuss some potential opportunities you're focused on from the draft infrastructure bill, threats around some of the support for advanced clean technologies, renewables procurement, things like that? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. Thank you very much. And we really appreciate you not reporting yesterday with everyone else.
Jim Chapman: Yes. Sure, Paul. Thanks for joining. Good question. You'll probably appreciate that we need to exercise a little bit of discretion as we're in the middle of process. So more information will come over time. But really high level, we of course, laid the groundwork for this process with a bunch of preparation prior to the termination of the prior deal. So we're in a pretty good spot. We are -- as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we're in the relatively advanced stage of that process of an auction process. We have, for example, received first round bids. I can say that the participation and the interest level is certainly robust. We have a really good number of highly credible, strategic and financial participants there. And beyond that, I'm sorry to say more information will come. We'll provide updates when we can. But it's very much on track. We're satisfied with the progress. And we, as mentioned, expect that transaction to close late this year. But again, no impact one way or the other on our financial guidance of operating earnings for the year. 
Jim Chapman: Hey, Paul, I wasn't fast enough on the draw there when we started. I failed to mention – congratulations to you too on your new role at BAML, also well deserved. We look forward to working with you in this new context.
Jim Chapman: All right, Jeremy. I'm taking notes during your question. I'm going to distribute that to our bidder universe like where we're going. Well, look, the environment is pretty strong. As you know in the last year, equities are up midstream phase, commodities way up as you mentioned, equities are up in part because, for true midstream companies, growth is up, so all good, means the macro environment is good. I would mention just to moderate that a little bit that, Questar pipeline this asset as you know, it's awesome. It's an awesome asset. It is though a utility like. That's the way we always operated it what it is now. It earns money through long-term contracts for its capacity. So, it's not really as much as a rocket ship up or down, as maybe the overall midstream true midstream market. That said though, we're pretty happy with where we're going, robust interest as mentioned and we'll come back and give updates as soon as we can.
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Paul. I think it would come as no surprise, we're philosophically very much aligned with the intent of the package. We are focused on rural broadband, EV charging, grid reliability and resiliency. These are all items that are in that package that we're – we think make a lot of sense. So we'll obviously be watching as it makes its way through the process, pay attention to how the details get work out - worked out for appropriations, if the bill passes. A couple of specifics. We're very much in favor of support for R&D on clean technologies like hydrogen, small modular reactors. Those are things that we're focused on. And to the extent that, there's broad-based support that allow a commercialization in a way that can be quick and customer beneficial, we think that's very important and certainly something that we support. And obviously, clean energy manufacturing tax credits, which can help enable U.S. renewable supply, particularly offshore wind and solar, we think are really valuable. So we're very much engaged in Washington and participating in the process. We like the direction that it's going. Details yet to come, but we think there are some real possibilities there.
Bob Blue: Yeah, sure. Thanks, David. So on triennial one, look, it's a rate proceeding. And we would expect, as in any rate proceeding, that there's going to be a wide variety of approaches and positions taken by the parties. We'll obviously know more as you said in the question early September, we'll hear from interveners. And then a couple of weeks later, we'll hear from the staff. So we'll get a sense then, but it's a rate case covering a four-year period and then setting rates going forward with the guardrail you mentioned. So I wouldn't be surprised, if we see a pretty wide variety of opinions expressed by the parties. But if you take a step back and just think about the bigger picture here in that case, we have rates below national regional averages. Our performance of our utility is outstanding on the generation and the wire side. And we're reducing our emissions and improving – reducing our impact on the environment. And so that's a pretty good place to be in a rate case. So we feel very good about that. As to T2, that's obviously – we're only a few months into the period that is going to be reviewed for T2. So a lot of details yet to go on the second triennial. But the tools that are in the toolbox like the customer credit reinvestment offset will be available to us in triennial 2. And then, as we pointed out in our prepared remarks and as we've noted for some time, as we move forward in this plan, the portion of our earnings that come from Virginia base as opposed to the rest of the business and in Virginia, in particular, the riders, decreases as a percentage of the overall amount. So, I think those are important considerations to keep in mind. Obviously, a long ways to go between now and triennial 2, but we've got tools in the toolbox and the percentage of our earnings affected by triennial 2 as compared to the rest of the company will continue to decrease.
Bob Blue: So, we're feeling very good about our proposal this time around. So last time, bear in mind, I think, about $200 million of capital got approved in the filing last time, but some things have changed since that last filing. The most significant one is that the Virginia Clean Economy Act has passed, and we now have an obligation to seek approval for a substantial amount of renewables over the course of the next 1.5 decades shore -- offshore wind storage all of that. And we're going to need to modify the grid in order to make sure that we keep operating in that environment. And that's what we told the commission in that filing. Things like Distributed Energy Resource management system will be incredibly important in this new world that we're moving into. So the Clean Economy Act is different. That didn't exist when we filed last time. Obviously, we also have the benefit of what we heard from the commission and the order on the last filing, and we can target and we have targeted what we're doing with this most recent filing based on precisely what they told us last time. And then, some of this filing is continuation of programs that they did approve last time. As I mentioned, they approved $200 million of capital in the last filing. So, all of those factors lead us to believe that we should have a lot of confidence in that filing. We'll hear, as I said in the opening, around the end of this year, but it's a strong filing. It's important for us as we integrate additional renewables to make sure that we operate the system well.
