Bob Blue: Thank you, Steven. Before we provide our business update, I'd like to take a moment to remember our friend, Tom Farrell. Tom's passing on April 2nd was heartbreaking to those of us who loved, admired and respected him. We've heard from so many people including many of you about Tom's impact on the industry and the people who work in and around it. It's quite clear that while Tom's list of professional accomplishments was long, the list of people whose lives he touched was much, much longer. He can be gruff occasionally, many of us participating on this call may have experienced that from time to time but much more often, we experienced his generosity, his loyalty, his dry sense of humor and his focus on improving our company, our community and our industry. We should all seek to emulate his example, a consistent commitment to ethics and integrity to excellence and perhaps most of all, to the safety of our colleagues. He cherished his friends and family most of all. I can't [Technical Difficulty]…
Bob Blue: I think it's important to remember that the regulatory models in the states where we do business and particularly our electric states in Virginia and South Carolina are very well suited to operate a reliable system for our customers, and that is absolutely the number one priority for our customers, is keeping the lights on. And so on the generation side that means things like having diverse fuel mix, making sure the design basis for equipment is right for the circumstances under which it's going to operate, considerations for fuel security, firm transportation for natural gas. And on the T&D side, it would be advanced simulations of the effect of events on the grid, innovative equipment and engineering new voltage control devices, for example, And it means a robust communications infrastructure. And in Virginia, all of those types of investments that I was just describing are contemplated in both the Clean Economy Act and Grid Transformation and Security Act from 2018, things like grid mod, strategic undergrounding storage. So we feel very good about that now. But we're reviewing to see whether any of our resiliency efforts need to be expanded or we need to add new resiliency programs. And we do that all the time, by the way. We learn from experiences on our own system and other systems. So I'd just sum up by saying nothing changes on the clean energy capital investment front. We're confident we will continue that investment and operate reliably and the scope of any additional reliability investments and resiliency investments remains to be seen, but we're studying what is best for our customers right now as we've been doing for decades.
Bob Blue: Our position on that hasn't changed, it's the same. We've offered - we've worked cooperatively with Santee. We continue to work cooperatively with Santee and we look forward to other opportunities to work cooperatively with Santee Cooper. So no change there, Shar. We want to do what is best for South Carolina.
Bob Blue: So the pause was for six months from January, so it comes to an end on the 12th of July, I believe. And so the case would resume on July 12, so a little more than two months from now. But as we said in our prepared remarks, everyone appears to be approaching this, looking for a constructive outcome and that's what we're focused on.
Bob Blue: Your preface to the question was exactly right. It is indeed early days. So we don't know what's going to come out in the final analysis. So I think the best way to think about it is we're just very well positioned, we think the approach to decarbonize as quickly as we can reliably and affordably makes all the sense in the world. We're very well positioned to do that. This is not something that's new for us. And we see, to the extent we see opportunities with the Biden plan, we'll take advantage of them. But at this point, we don't exactly know. We just know the atmosphere is really good. We think it's smart for customers. We're excited about it.
Bob Blue: We've had the opportunity to be involved in a couple of different industry conversations with BOEM leadership and other leadership in the administration. I think it's very clear that they see the advantages to offshore wind development. And I think the best evidence when it comes to us is, as we mentioned earlier, the schedule for the notice of intent and for the record of decision line up exactly with what we talked about on our fourth quarter call. So we have a very good sense that the professionals at BOEM, as they always have, are going to move forward efficiently. The leadership and the administration clearly thinks offshore wind is good economically and to meet carbon goals. And we're looking forward to sort of taking advantage of the experience that we have with the only wind farm operating in Federal waters off the coast of the United States today as we expand into something much bigger.
Bob Blue: I will mention that I had the opportunity last week to actually visit our operating site in Utah. It's quite something with the scale of the farming operation. It's also interesting that it happens to be not too far from one of our solar farms as well as there's a wind farm there, too. So it's become a center of renewable energy. And we just think that in the scope of what we're doing in our decarbonization investment, there are a lot of opportunities, as Diane described, in RNG that will serve us well for the long term.
Bob Blue: So I think the answer, should it look similar to the filing that we just got approved, the answer to that is, no, and that this next filing will be larger in scale. And I think you particularly asked the split between PPA and utility owned and that will be different going forward. That's what the Clean Economy Act is, it's quite specific on this point that for the new solar build, 65% is to be utility and 35% is to be third party or PPA, and sort of the total amount of that is on the order of 1,000 megawatts a year for the next 15. So that's what you should be thinking about, really long term for us is we will match the VCEA proportions and the magnitude going forward. The sort of second part of your question, where our focus, our growth is in regulated renewables to the extent that we -- and if I'm understanding correctly, to the extent we have customers, important customers who are looking for contracted approaches, we expect to do some of that. But our focus on growing our solar portfolio is on the regulated side.
Bob Blue: Julien, I used to be a lawyer and as a profession, we seem to be procrastinators. So I wouldn't read too much into the fact that there's two months left. You can get a lot of work done in two months. And as we said in the script, everyone is approaching this constructively. So yes, we think we can get it done.
Bob Blue: So I think you're asking about the '22 test year and our measurement versus a [10.8] ROE. And the answer is just with the way the law works, we project forward sort of known and knowables for year '22 and we calculate what the return is. And in this case, that return is slightly below the [10.8] that we believe is the appropriate authorized ROE. So I don't know that I can identify any one specific thing, there's a number of sort of components that go into that. But we do that analysis compare it against what we believe is an appropriate ROE, and that's how we end up with that slight revenue deficiency and the regulatory speak.
Jim Chapman: …from around the world. Thank you all. As Bob said, we will very much miss Tom.  Let me now turn to our business update. Following the in depth review and roll forward of our capital spending outlook we provided last quarter, our prepared remarks today will be relatively brief. We are very focused on overall execution, including extending our track record of meeting or exceeding our quarterly guidance midpoints as we did again this quarter.  I'll start my review on Slide 4, with a reminder of Dominion Energy's compelling total shareholder return proposition. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2025, supported by our updated $32 billion five year growth capital plan. Keep in mind that over 80% of that capital investment is emissions reduction enabling and that over 70% is rider eligible. We offer an attractive dividend yield of approximately 3.2%, reflecting a target payout ratio of 65% and an expected long term dividend per share growth rate of 6% [Technical Difficulty] this resulting approximately 10% total shareholder return proposition is combined with an attractive pure play, state regulated utility profile characterized by industry leading ESG credentials and the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the country, as shown on the next slide. Our 15 year opportunity is estimated to be over $70 billion with multiple programs that extend well beyond our five year plan and skew meaningfully towards rider style regulated cost of service recovery. We believe we offer the largest, the broadest in scope, the longest in duration and the most visible regulated decarbonization opportunity among US utilities. The successful execution of this plan will benefit our customers, communities, employees and the environment. Turning now to earnings. Our first quarter 2021 operating earnings, as shown on Slide 6, were $1.09 per share, which included a penny hurt from worse than normal weather in our utility service territories. This represents our 21st consecutive quarter, so over five years now, of delivering weather normal quarterly results that meet or exceed the midpoint of our quarterly guidance range. GAAP earnings for the quarter were $1.23 per share. The difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the three months ended March 31st was primarily attributable to a net benefit associated with nuclear decommissioning trusts and economic hedging activities, partially offset by other charges. A summary of such adjustments between operating and reported results, is as usual, included in Schedule 2 of the Earnings Release Kit. Turning on to guidance on Slide 7. As usual, we're providing a quarterly guidance range, which is designed primarily to account for variations from normal weather. For the second quarter of 2021, we expect operating earnings to be between $0.70 and $0.80 per share. We are affirming our existing full year and long term operating earnings and dividend guidance as well. No changes here from prior guidance.  Turning to Slide 8, and briefly on financing. Since January, we've issued $1.3 billion of long term debt, consistent with our 2021 financing plan guidance at a weighted average cost of 2.4%. Thanks to all who participated in these important offerings and as a reminder, we'll have additional fixed income issuance at Dominion Energy Virginia, at gas distribution at Dominion Energy South Carolina and at our parent company during the remainder of the year. For avoidance of doubt, there's no change to our prior common equity issuance guidance. Wrapping up my remarks, let me touch briefly on potential changes to the Federal Tax Code. Obviously, it's still early days with a lot of unknowns. But at a high level, we see an increase in the corporate tax rate as being close to neutral on operating earnings based on, as is the case for all regulated entities, the assumed pass through for cost of service operations, an increase in parent level interest tax shield and the extension and expansion of clean or green tax credits, all of which will be offset by higher taxes on our contracted assets segment earnings. We also expect modest improvement in credit metrics. [By] (ph) monitoring the contemplated minimum tax rules closely and would note the administration's support for renewable development suggests the ability to use renewable credits to offset any such minimum tax rule. More to come over time on that front. With that, I'll turn the call back over to Bob.
Jim Chapman: Sales trends are occurring kind of like we expected. I'll share a few stats. In Virginia, year-to-date, still pretty resilient like we saw most of last year. So year-to-date, up a little over 2%. Residential is still strong, up almost 4%. C&I also up almost 5%. So pretty good. Keep in mind that one underlying trend, I know we mentioned this a lot, is the continuation of data center growth, that number is up like 25%. Of course, it's small but growing, a third of our commercial segment is data centers. We expect to connect another 20 or so data centers in our service territory this year. We connected 19 last year. So that trend is very supportive of overall sales and continues to be strong.
Jim Chapman: I'll repeat what I think what we've said many times before, we very much like our new look and our asset mix. The dynamics you're speaking to, we're not blind to that. At some day, that could be an opportunity to raise capital in a place what we have in our plan for modest continued equity issuance, but no current focus on that topic. We're aware, following, but we're focusing on executing our plan with our current asset mix.
Jim Chapman: So on the South Carolina rate case, we've been, again, here consistently saying a couple of things. One is that given the size of that business in relation to Dominion, of course, that's just the electric part of DESC, we're talking about base rates on the electric side. Any reasonable outcome is going to be within our guidance range, so no material impact. And then as far as the impact of the delay, we've seen some folks suggesting that a delay of a year would be kind of in the $0.05 range. So take half of that for six months, you're talking about a couple of pennies, that's probably in the ballpark, but still not material and within our guidance.
Jim Chapman: There's $1.3 billion of spend related to the nuclear license in our five year plan that we went through on the fourth quarter.
Jim Chapman: We're seeing the same, not in a material way. And the shipping and logistics issue, we're not seeing as much. There’s just some upward price pressure on poly, on glass, on steel. But it's something we're watching, but it's not -- for our business, it's not a material issue but certainly, there is upward pressure on costs right now.
Diane Leopold: This is Diane Leopold. So just as a reminder on our hydrogen pilot, we're in our very early stages as in days. Our gas distribution business is implementing some blending programs at a training facility starting in Utah. And we just commissioned it and it's started testing just a couple of weeks ago. So we're really moving forward with that. We're looking to expand that if it's successful to a small customer use application and then follow the pilots in our other service territories. In fact, we requested a similar pilot at a training facility as part of our North Carolina rate case. So we're starting small, very important on hydrogen blending. So we see a combination of moving forward with continued pilots and testings of hydrogen blending throughout our LDC system, including putting it into the LDC, production and even methanation in the future. as well as an increased percentage of RNG into the system, which is really one for one offset with methane. So increased RNG, increased hydrogen blending possibly towards methanation as we move to continue to decarbonize the LDC system.
Diane Leopold: So yes, we have been an early investor. We announced our intention to spend about $650 million on two main partnerships. We've been focusing on the agricultural RNG. So the hog farms with Smithfield and the dairy farms with Vanguard renewables. We have one project that's in service as of the second half of last year. We have three projects under construction now and expect to have about five more under construction later this year. So we're really ramping up on actually bringing forward the projects. On the demand side, we really see a significant strong demand right now from a variety of customers. You can see people like the refiners that have LCFS obligations to make and we see more states looking to implement LCFS standards. We see utilities, both on the power generation side and direct customer use side. And then we see a lot of colleges and universities and other corporations that are kind of carbon conscious fires that are looking to offset their fossil usage. So we really see a lot of demand starting to pick up for multiyear contract terms at attractive prices. So long term, we're still looking at these projects as critical supply sources for our LDCs as an important tool for customers to achieve net zero. And so starting to access through our green therm tariff that we already have in Utah now and have requested in North Carolina and will continue to do so, but we're really continuing to see strong demand and our projects are ramping up.
Diane Leopold: In fact, it was part of our thinking when we committed to net zero by 2050 across both our gas and electric businesses, was blending renewable natural gas and hydrogen into the system as part of a component of that. So it certainly already worked into the plans, I believe, of numerous utilities in their net zero plans, especially RNG and the agricultural RNG, which is why we're trying to attract so much of it into our LDC systems and with regulators and investing in it to get it in the networks is because it's so much more carbon negative than a lot of other forms. So instead of just being carbon neutral, you just get a lot of bang for the buck out of smaller quantities of it to help meet those net zero goals.
