Robert Blue: Yes, Constantine. When we think about our plans going forward, we gave our five year capital plan at the Investor Day in March, and we'll update that annually. That's our expectation. And then we'll file our IRP in the fall. We update that annually as well. And that takes a longer-term view. But when we think about demand growth we saw a big jump as the slide demonstrates with PJM between their '22 and '23 forecast, a little more modest, much more modest increase from '23 to '24. So as we described in the prepared remarks, sure, there may be some opportunities towards the back end of the plan to increase CapEx and lots of data points indicating that we need generation in which we've been saying for some time, both renewable and dispatchable in our service territory here in Virginia. So we'll update the capital plan next year. We'll have an updated IRP based upon the PJM forecast, which was not hugely different than last year's, and we'll remain very focused on making sure that we're able to meet demand for our customers. This is a really exciting time has been in Virginia. We're very excited to help keep the state number one for business going forward and that will require investment in distribution, transmission and generation as outlined in the plans we've put forward.
Robert Blue: Yes. Nick, I'll take it. So as I mentioned, we've got a natural hedge, which is the generation we own is bidding into the capacity market and receiving the elevated price or we'll receive the elevated price you saw clear. So that revenue credits to customers. Simultaneously, we have an obligation as a load serving entity to also go out and procure enough capacity to sort of satisfy our load and that we'll be paying that high price as well. So naturally, we have the hedge of effectively receiving revenue at the same time as we're outlaying expense. The reason we have a small hurt in the second half of '25 related to this is because we do have a short position between the organic generation that we own and bid into the market versus the load and we typically satisfy that through imports from PJM, and that's not news. And that short positions anywhere between 2,000 and 3,000 megawatts. Going forward, the reason it's leakage, so to speak is because we're in between rate cases. And we weren't able to, because of the timing of this auction, in particular, we weren't able to include the expected cost in the cost of service that we filed as part of the last biennial, and we can't change rates until the end of 2025. So for six months, or it's I guess, seven months starts in June. For seven months, we will bear the cost effectively of that leakage. But then it will go into rates and rates will be effective. Capacity is part of base rates. It's a prudently incurred cost. It's recoverable from customers, and that's why we shared some comments on the potential impact on customers. So this is a very, very temporary. It's driven partly by the fact that we were not in a position to increase rates as part of the most recent biennial settlement. It has to do with the timing of this particular auction. And going forward, we fully expect to be able to recover 100% of this leakage in our rates from customers. So that's why it's temporary. And that's why we kind of said we wanted to be transparent with folks to say, "Hey, here's the math, here's out works. Here's what it is." But also point to that being temporary bigger picture, as -- was alluded to in the last question, this is a consistent signal of what we've been saying of the need for incremental regulated investment will help elongate our growth rate over a longer period of time as we put more and more capital to work on our system. So that's why we've got this natural hedge. That's what's different between the vertically integrated and to the extent that the short position persists, which it will for some period of time, we'll have offshore wind come in, we'll have the Chesterfield CTs come in. So -- but demand is growing. So as that persists, we'll think about ways to become effectively self-sufficient as we have been in the past as we catch up on demand. But from a financial impact, it truly is just a temporary item.
Robert Blue: Sure. As we've discussed before, Jeremy, Millstone is a great asset for us for New England. It provides 90% plus of Connecticut's carbon-free electricity. And as you know, 55% of its output is under a fixed price contract through late 2029, the remaining output significantly de-risked by our hedging program. So we're actively working with multiple parties to find the best value for Millstone beyond that current PPA. We're certainly opened some longer type of PPA there's been over the last year, some legislative activity up in New England aimed at authorizing future further procurements. We'll have to see where all of that lands. We're certainly open to the idea of a co-located data center. We continue to explore that option. We do clearly realize any colocation options going to have make sense for us. Our potential counterparty and stake holders in Connecticut. So not any new news there. We continue to look for options for Millstone, but it remains a tremendous asset for us.
Robert Blue: We're not a party to that proceeding, Jeremy. So my thoughts would not be appropriately educated. So we'll let FERC and others decide that.
