Tom Farrell: Dan we’re always looking at these things. You can look at our IRP there’s a variety of alternatives there. We’re trying to balance the needs for reliability against the increased cost of our customers. I mean theoretically I think we probably could have built all three, we could have built Warren, Brunswick 2019 CC all at the same time and we could have justified that I think. I’m sure we could have justified that. But that would have had a very significant impact on our customers. We try to balance it so that the impacts are reasonable.
Tom Farrell: We’ve been looking very hard at solar and I think leave it, in February we will give you an update on our longer term strategy around solar. We have a lot of ideas what to do with it both in and out of our service territory, that we’ll try to explain in more depth in February.
Tom Farrell: Good morning. The next Biennial is due I guess it’s March 30th how many days are there March, whatever it is, last day of March of 2015 and investment normal cycle when we make the filing and then the commission order I think it’s by December 1st, ‘15. I remember at first we were – we did not over earn in the last Biennial Review, so you have the ‘13 ‘14 that will be reviewed year is not over, the two year cycles not over. We have had significant write-offs with the North Anna plant etcetera and very mild weather. But in order for there to be some base rate impact, you’d have to over earn in ‘13 ‘14 cycle and the ‘15 ‘16 cycle. It has to be two consecutive Biennial Review.
Tom Farrell: Greg, I think the short answer is I’d go back to a year whoever is giving you the pushback you tell them they really don’t have much idea what they’re talking about. It was very competitively fit pipeline, there were six bidders. The off-take contracts are from regulated utilities that some of them power generation, some of them local gas distribution companies all of which will be dealt with in the regulatory process. But it is a very competitively priced pipeline and the transportation costs are very competitive. Let Paul Koonce give you more detail.
Tom Farrell: I think that’s a correct read.Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Okay, because you’re maintaining obviously a much wider guidance range and I’m just not quite sure I understand why.
Tom Farrell: Yeah Paul, we have historically not changed our guidance range unless we were to fall outside of our guidance range which I can’t recall that we ever have. So we always try to put a guidance range out in the way we feel comfortable in land-in and then the variables typically for us weather up or down or where you move in that range, and not know what the rest of this year would be weather wise we could move up or down in it. But we feel what we knew today and what the actual earnings were in the third quarter, then the $0.80 and $0.90 range was reasonable. Again weather can move that higher or weather can potentially move it lower, depending on how November and December turn out.Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: And then are you going to recognize any tax benefits from the close out of IRS past year audits in the fourth quarter and were those already recognized? It looks like in the second quarter you had a pretty good tax contribution.
Tom Farrell: Over the last couple of years, Paul, we have been very fortunate to have closed out a number of legacy IRS audits to our benefit most of that work is done. So I would not expect in the fourth quarter to have much of any benefit from incremental audit close out. We’re almost caught up. We’re actually working on 2013 all the legacy years and resolve the IRS. Again, I would assume that benefit would not be there in the fourth quarter as it might have been in previous years.Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: I’m a little confused on whether the merchant generation margin is up or down because if you look at page 10 of your reconciliation for the third quarter ‘13 it looks like it’s a penny positive but it’s in your slide presentation it’s a negative driver.
Tom Farrell: Yeah, quarter over quarter, it was higher than last year but it was slightly lower than what was in our guidance. So that’s the difference between two references.Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: And do you have any thoughts on potential new build announcements in New England and have you looked at sort of generation yourself at a potential investment opportunity in New England.
Tom Farrell: Okay. Weather normalized, 1% at VEPCO right where it’s been tracking here for the past several quarters. We had a very solid third quarter and just kind of a quick synopsis of it. Residential has been very solid the whole year, commercial has been flat to slightly negative aside from data centers and industrial has been very solid so we feel really good about the 1% and again we see a growing improvement in sales as we go forward. I think year end we’ll be right on that.Paul Freemont – Jeffries & Co.: Thank you.
Tom Farrell: Well we’ll talk about this more in February but as we’ve looked at the cash flows over the past six months or so, that are going to be distributed out of the MLP we are very bullish both dividend and EPS growth rates and we’ll expand on that more in February.
