James Thalacker: Well, thanks for taking my questions. And before we start now, congratulations to both you Tom, Bob and Diane for the announcements today.
James Thalacker: And just last question on this part of it is, and really just of sticking to 2025 sort of timeframe. You’ve given a lot of line of sight on the financing through 2024, but your CapEx really, as you start to do the offshore wind starts to really build it up in 2023, 2024. Just wondering if you are looking to sort of move your CapEx forecast out a little bit farther to kind of talk about the financing plan as we move into 2024 to 2026 and the offshore wind starts coming online.
James Thalacker: Great. Thanks for all the time. And sorry about the phone breaking up there in the middle. Have a better weekend.
Jim Chapman: Yes, James. Good morning, it’s Jim. Yes, so we were in planning stages for that for the fourth quarter rollout of that analyst day, investor day style refresh. And we hope to do at least the kinds of things we did last time around last March, where we did provide by segment and mostly by year rate base and other growth data. So if we can improve on that little bit, we’re thinking through how to do that. We welcome feedback. Well, we do expect to provide kind of everything covered that you just mentioned on the fourth quarter call.
Jim Chapman: Yes. I think so, yes, that’s a possibility for sure. I don’t want to say, let me add to our existing disclosure. I mean, it’s not so updated. Last March, we still have $26 billion of growth capital spending from 2019 to 2023. We updated some of that on the first quarter call this year for three programs under the BCA in Virginia. Obviously, longer term, our gas transmission storage capital spend, which is about $3.5 billion comes out of that. But our existing guidance is still largely intact and relevant, but we will be providing that roll forward with some more granular updates on fourth quarter call.
Jim Chapman: Yes. Fair enough. I mean, those numbers do get big, and there’s a lot of visibility around that offshore wind spend. But I would say that on an overall basis, the cadence of that $26 billion, the whole bill number, and they’ll just know it’s pretty much a run rate. So yes, there’s a slight increase there. So if we – as we provide additional detail or additional year of capital spend will also support that with information on our financing plan. But I wouldn’t expect a drastic departure from our kind of run rate numbers that we’ve talked about today.
Jim Chapman: Yes, Shah. Let me start there. So look, our balance sheet is already in the right place and I’m going to take time to go through all of the history, but I think as you know, we’ve made a ton of progress in that area over the last several years and as even better pro forma for the sale of T&S business. So that sale almost $6 billion of the $10 billion transaction value is really from our perspective debt retirement. I think the agencies have recognized that also in their commentary, as I just talked about positive outlook from S&P, et cetera. So given that the status of our balance sheet and the related improvements for this transaction, we do a pretty good about our plan to provide the net proceeds back to our shareholders in this buyback, which we’re, as I mentioned, we’re targeting for completion by the end of the year. But that said, we do have a sizeable clean energy and related capital spend program, just talked about that with James. And it’s only increasing, as we go through the years slowly. So therefore, we do, even though we’re doing the buyback, it would give them the net proceeds back to our shareholders. We think it’s prudent with that strong balance sheet position we’re in. We do plan to recommence some equity issuance, even if it’s just in this form of DRIP in 2021 and beyond. But I think the perspective is important. I mean, for spending programs that decides what we’re doing to be starting out with DRIP less than 0.5 percentage point of our market cap a year and a pretty efficient program like DRIP. And later, just with other efficient programs, all in our ATM, we think it’s overall pretty modest and we make its best way to go.
Jim Chapman: Yes. So we have a couple of things there. We have a board authority to commit our buybacks with immediate effect. We do not need to wait until the transaction closes. But we haven’t bought it yet. And we retain kind of full flexibility. We do that with open market purchases. We could do it with accelerated share repurchases, tender, Dutch auction, so more guidance to come on that through the fall as we go. We do expect still to complete that by the end of the year, even if we start sooner. We’re not guiding to any different closing time line than the kind of early fourth quarter, although that all remains on track. But then as it relates to the amount the quantum. Yes, we mentioned there’s upward bias. Where is that coming from, and we’ll provide more detail on that too as we go. But that comes from, first of all, just a conservative first cut on what tax – cash taxes would be on this sale. We indicated about $700 million. So there’s interplay there between the tax aspect of the sale and the tax aspect of the pipeline abandonment, an impairment of supply header and the interplay of our sizable tax credit position. So as we continue to do more work on that, we see probably if anything, downward bias in the taxes table from $700 million, and therefore upward bias in the size of the buyback. And it’s not huge, again, we’ll come to that guidance. It’s somewhere between $200 million out of that magnitude and we’ll provide more guidance. But again, conservative first cut, probably improving from there modestly, and we’ll provide more detail on all that as we go through the fall.
Jim Chapman: I can’t speak for the agencies there. On the downgrade side, there hasn’t been action yet. I would think that as we continue to execute on this plan and improve our business risk profile – de-risk our profile, that would be a logical thing to discuss. But we’re not guiding folks to expect that in the near-term. But I understand the question and we’ll see what happens.
Jim Chapman: Yes, let me go there Steve. So again, we don’t have issued guidance on that yet. And we’ll provide more through the fall. I just mentioned all other kind of options we have in our disposal to get that done, but we don’t necessarily need to wait until the fourth quarter start and we probably won’t. So could it – it’s very well to be a mix of approaches market purchases and other approaches. In addition to, we’re going to place fourth quarter tender style event. I know that’s pretty broad, but we don’t need to compress that into just a month or two. And the fourth quarter we have to start now.
Tom Farrell: James, you’re cutting out there a little bit, but that kind of run rate, again, we’ll provide an update on the fourth quarter call. But it’s not going to be a drastic departure from that, if that was your question.
Tom Farrell: Sure. Thanks for asking. First, we have fully disclosed 501(c)(4) contributions for many years. Zicklin center, you referenced is independent organization that works with the Wharton School of the University of Pennsylvania. Two, look it up, we’re huge, very wide variety of factors, and they rank all these companies on their disclosure practices. Our disclosure is ranked among the highest in the country, certainly, among the highest in utilities for its transparency. Now I like said, we’ve disclosed all of them. And over the last five years, I think our contributions have been under $500,000. 70% of which went to an organization that associated with American Petroleum Institute supporting pipeline projects. So we’re fully disclosed everything. It’s not – it’s a very small part of what we do under $500,000 over five years. And we have no intention of changing our practices because they are perfectly appropriate completely compliant with every state in federal law by wide margins. We have nothing to be concerned about with respect to any of our political giving or giving to these so-called 501(c)(4).
Tom Farrell: That’s correct. It’s a large solar build. I don’t really think of their commercial product as small, however, it’s the largest in the Americas.
Tom Farrell: Yes, let me start there. And that was just three weeks ago or so when we made this announcement. And we did get quite a bit of feedback from across the spectrum, different types of investors. And we took it all to heart. We sat around and considered a lot of it pretty carefully, including notably the feedback from retail investors who are very focused on the dividend and income funds investors. So we get that and took that to heart. But the feedback from, I guess, maybe longer-term investors, institutional investors. And those investors that I mentioned in my prepared remarks that are in North America or elsewhere, that increasingly are thinking about their investment decisions through the lens of ESG topic. That feedback was pretty positive on the long-term prospects of this transaction. We positioned the company in this way, strengthening the sheet, increasing the growth rate, highlighting all the already underway ESG spending programs, clean energy and related. So I think that’s been pretty good, but it is a change, a material change for Dominion. So we have been already and we highlighted here that we’re going to spend a lot of time in the next few months, just reconnecting with people, existing investors, prospective investors are walking through that story, making sure everyone gets it, not only what we’ve done, but exactly what we’re doing under the spending programs and decide and scale and cadence and the financing there’s a lot to talk about. And one thing that’s been consistent in all of our interactions with investors existing perspective in the last three weeks is everyone really wants to spend more time and make sure they get it and understanding all the dynamics. But overall it’s been pretty positive.
Tom Farrell: Thank for the question. I’m going to answer the very first part of it and then turn it over to Diane. The lead for the Atlantic Coast Pipeline or service territory, because the service territory for us was Virginia and North Carolina and potentially South Carolina. The need is not changed at all. The result of it is that need will go unmet as a result of the cancellation of the Atlantic Coast Pipeline. Pipeline was over 90% subscribed for 15 years by utility companies that were going to use it to serve guests, distribution customers and convert coal plants to natural gas facilities over the years to come. That need will now go unmet. So with respect to that one project, no change. Balance of the question, I’ll turn it over to Diane.
Tom Farrell: I have no intention whatsoever of commenting on the upcoming elections in any respect. And I’ll leave it there. Thank you.
