Thomas Farrell: Yes. And I'm referring to first with CSAPR, the so-called Casper rules have no material impact or significant impact on our environmental plans. So let's set that aside. When we've been talking about future capital expenditures, I think we announced maybe 6 months ago that we expected the Mercury rules, the now called -- or the HAPs rules to cost around $1.9 billion at Virginia Power. We don't see any reason to see that, that will change. We'll be within that range. We will give a lot more clarity around how exactly we will comply with HAPs when we file the integrated resource plan, which will be at the end of August. And we will explain where we plan to go on from there with the investor conference season starting in September.
Thomas Farrell: Not at this time. When we're ready to announce something, we'll let you -- you will be among the first to know.
Thomas Farrell: I'll answer the, I guess, a macro answer to that question. I'll let Mark talk about the financing. To the extent the question asked, are we considering selling or spending our midstream business, the answer to that is no. And Mark can talk to you about financing options.
Thomas Farrell: Paul, it all depends on the size of the contracts that we sign. There is no prospect of us starting a liquefaction process without long-term contracts for an extended period of time that fully fund the expansion or the liquefaction itself. And it depends on -- we have to have a certain amount to make it worth our while to build at all or make it worth the while to customers to build at all. So we're a long way from deciding what the size it would be, although we are doing the studies now on how to size it and what it would look like and we're talking to vendors. And we're doing the market studies around impacts on gas price and all things you need to do to go ahead with this project. Interest has been strong.
Thomas Farrell: Yes. We'll be converting some of our existing pipes to wet to be able to provide liquids, et cetera. So the reason why this facility will be extremely competitive, and has been in the market, that's why it's sold out, is because we were able to integrate it with our existing gathering pipeline system. It's -- now the Utica Shale and the Marcellus Shale is bisected by Dominion Transmission's pipeline. And there are other pipelines, of course, in the same region. But this is our backyard and we've been there for 75 years and we have the infrastructure there to exploit the opportunities.
Thomas Farrell: The implication is that we are -- we don't have to comply with the regulations. So whatever the limitations on admissions, et cetera, are inapplicable to Brayton Point and to Manchester Street.
Thomas Farrell: We need to make sure we're clear on this. And I'm glad you asked the question, Paul. The Natrium processing fractionation facility is largely fee-based, okay? So we're not going to be selling, taking ownership of the NGLs, except a small fraction. So while that fraction is not included in what you see on the disclosures, as I understand it, it's not going to be -- it's not something that you should focus on, I don't believe, as to earnings power of Dominion.
Thomas Farrell: I'm not sure, to be honest with you, Paul. I'm just not sure I understand your question. Why don't you -- it would be better for you to follow up, I think, with our IR folks. We want to make sure we answer that really, and I'm afraid I just don't understand exactly what your point is.
Thomas Farrell: We're checking the slide here, Michael, to make sure we answer your question. Natrium, we did not -- I mean, we didn't give you the amount in that slide. We have been talking about Natrium since the last quarter. We haven't finalized contracts until fairly recently. So while it shows up on Slide 13, the amount that we announced today is $500 million for Phase 1.
Thomas Farrell: By 2015, I think the answer would be no. Because Warren will be coming in late 2014, but shortly after Warren, there is a need for increased generation in Virginia. As we look to the balance of the decade, there's still a significant shortfall that we're going to have to build with -- fill with new plant.
Thomas Farrell: Well, I think first with HAPs, EEI will be filing its comments along with everybody else in about a week. I think it's August 6 is the date. We received a 30-day extension on the original 60 days. And I expect that EEI will be asking for some additional time for plants that will be retrofitted or replaced. I don't expect it to ask for additional time for plants that are being retired. Dominion has said we don't -- obviously the rule's not final, but from what we've seen, we don't anticipate any additional expenditures other than we projected originally, which was $1.9 billion at the high end of the possible range that we would have to spend. And that will be what we're trying to -- what we're finalizing is how we're going to -- what food groups we're going to use to meet those regulations, whether it's new power plants or environmental controls or transmission solution. We're nearly done with that, and that will become clear I think, in our IRP. The Casper rule, as I said, in particular because Massachusetts and Rhode Island were excluded from the regulation, there's no impact from the Casper rules on Dominion.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Dan, we see the Marcellus opportunities just continuing to grow based on our current location and our success with our early processing plants. And based on that and the spend requirement over the next several years, we're committed to our investment grade ratings. But we are looking at different types of financing options to finance this large level of growth as we go out there, all the ones that you might think about. And as we make progress on that, Dan, we'll let you know.
Mark McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. We talked about this previously. This is really an issue for 2012. As we looked at the buyback, we're entered into the buyback to make sure we're able to meet our 5% to 6% growth rate and keep our shareholders neutral to bonus depreciation. So we'll decide between now and the end of the year if we want to do the $100 million. It's not an '11 issue, it's potentially a '12 issue.
Mark McGettrick: It's one of the structures we're looking at, but we're looking at others too, JVs, et cetera. But we're -- we are looking at an MLP structure.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, Paul, this is Mark. What we're focused on is protecting the interest of our customers in Virginia. The current rules define unconstrained zone versus constrained zone, the rules are different. As you know, some proposals were made to potentially change some of those rules down the road. And our total focus is to make sure our customers don't double pay essentially for capacity if the rules are changed in order to keep their rates down.
Mark McGettrick: Look, we never dabble. That's a great question. I don't know how to define dabble, but we'll talk about that when we come out with the numbers in the fall. We'll let you decide but again, we want to make share everybody knows we're focused on uplifting these curves. We're focused on our 5% to 6% growth, and if that '14, '15 period we can lock in some value to support that, then we're going to move ahead and do that.
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark. I think halfway through the year, as you know, we're a pretty weather-sensitive company in Virginia. We think to talk about any change in range at this early in the year will be premature. We'll see where we are at the end of the third quarter. But again, it's -- we're a third quarter company really on the electric side and we'd like to see what those results are before we talk about the range.
Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, it's really market issues where we could replace our generation at a equal or lower cost with market purchases to settle our hedges. So those units didn't run as much, but we were able to make the same contribution as we would expect in running those units.
Mark McGettrick: In Virginia, we're in a good position with respect to the allowances that we expect to go into the bank. And we don't find ourselves in a short position and not predicting any material impact.
Mark McGettrick: Well, the only asset that is up for consideration for disposal is Kewaunee as we have previously announced, and we have nothing to announce on Kewaunee today.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. I appreciate everybody's attention today. And I just want to remind you that we'll be filing our 10-Q tomorrow. And our third quarter earnings release will be scheduled for October 28. Thank you very much.
