Mark F. McGettrick: Good morning. Dominion Energy reported operating earnings of $0.67 per share for the second quarter of 2017, which was in the upper half of our guidance range. Positive factors versus guidance for the quarter were lower operating expenses, and income taxes, while the principal negative driver continued to be below normal weather. In fact, the earnings impact of mild weather during the first half of the year was $0.10 per share. GAAP earnings were $0.62 per share for the second quarter. The principal difference between GAAP and operating earnings for the quarter were charges related to our integration of Questar. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on Schedule 2 of the earnings release kit. Moving to results by operating segment. Power Delivery produced EBITDA of $422 million for the second quarter, which was in the middle of its guidance range. The impact of mild weather was offset by lower operating expenses. EBITDA at Power Generation was $554 million, also in the middle of its guidance range. Offsetting the weather impact were lower operating and maintenance expenses. Gas Infrastructure produced EBITDA in the upper half of its guidance range at $423 million. Higher transportation and distribution margins were the principal drivers of the strong results. Overall, we are very pleased with the results of our operating segments. For the second quarter of 2017, Dominion Energy Midstream Partners produced adjusted EBITDA of $68.6 million which was two times the level produced in the second quarter of last year. Distributable cash flow of $40.7 million was 70% higher than the level of last year's second quarter. The acquisition of Questar Pipeline in December of last year was the principal driver of the increase. On July 21, Dominion Energy Midstream's Board of Directors declared a distribution of $0.288 per common unit payable on August 15. This distribution represents a 5% increase over last quarter's payment and is consistent with our 22% per year distribution growth rate plan. Our coverage ratio remains extremely strong at 1.24 times. Moving to treasury activities. Cash flow from operating activities was $2.4 billion for the second quarter. We have $5.5 billion of credit facilities. And taking into account, cash, short-term investments, and commercial paper outstanding, we ended the quarter with available liquidity of $2.7 billion. For the status of our 2017 financings, please see slide 7. And for statements of cash flow and liquidity, please see pages 14 and 25 of the earnings release kit. As to hedging, you can find our hedge positions on page 27 of the earnings release kit. We have hedged 95% of our expected 2017 production at Millstone and have started hedging 2018 production. We plan to limit our hedging of 2018 production until we see the outcome of pending legislation in Connecticut. Now, to earnings guidance at Dominion Energy. Operating earnings for the third quarter of 2017 is expected to be between $0.95 and $1.15 per share, compared to operating earnings of $1.14 per share for the third quarter of 2016. Positive factors for the third quarter compared to last year include the addition of Questar operations. Negative factors compared to last year include a return to normal weather, lower earnings from Cove Point due to the roll off of one of our import contracts, higher PJM's electric capacity expenses, and lower investment tax credits from solar investments. Dominion Energy's operating earnings guidance for the full year of 2017 remains $3.40 to $3.90 per share. As we discussed on our last earnings call, we believe operating earnings for 2018 will increase by at least 10% over 2017 driven primarily by earnings from our Cove Point export facility, which will be in service later this year. With the planned growth across all of our business segments, we expect a 6% to 8% compound average growth rate in earnings off a 2017 base through 2020. Not only is this one of the best growth rates in the industry, but coupled with our stated intent to grow our dividend rate greater than 8% annually beginning next year Dominion Energy provides investors with one of the best total return opportunities in the industry. So let me summarize my financial review. Second quarter operating earnings were $0.67 per share landing in the upper half of our guidance range. Third quarter operating earnings guidance is $0.95 to $1.15 per share. In 2018, operating earnings are expected to be at least 10% above 2017. And our 2017 to 2020 compound earnings growth rate to be 6% to 8%. I will now turn the call over to Tom Farrell.
Mark F. McGettrick: Shah, it's Mark. Now, we're going to need a drop and some equity in 2018, not significant. But I think if you do the math, cash flows on coverage is very strong for us at DM well into 2018. But right now, we anticipate a drop and we want to get more liquidity in that stock anyway, there is limited trading on it. So, our ability to put more shares out, I think are advantageous.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, this is Mark. No additional commentary really. We typically don't change our ranges that we establish at the beginning of the year. And we give the quarterly guidance to see where we land. So we don't anticipate changing the range. Would also say that in the third quarter – we're a weather-sensitive company, as we've already talked about, we're down $0.10 to weather through the first half of the year and the third quarter is the most sensitive we would be to weather, both positive and/or negative depending on how that turns out. So that can move us. But I think for now and probably through the remainder of the year, we will keep that range as is and just report the actuals as we move through.
Mark F. McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark. I mentioned in the prepared remarks that we have started hedging 2018, but that we were going to limit that hedge until the outcome of the legislation. So to your point, we would expect that a portion of that output needs to be hedged, even if it's not bid into a future auction process. We're working on that now and I'll have a disclosure on that in the third quarter.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I'm not sure I understand your question entirely. But there's no deals to be reached with the opposition. We're going through the permitting process as we have for the last two-and-a-half years. We'll get our FERC permit in the fall and it's a matter of going through. There's public hearings that will be held on the water permits in Virginia this month. They had them last month in North Carolina and those permits will be issued later in the fall and we will start construction in November. No deals to be struck with anyone.
Thomas F. Farrell II: There's certainly some vocal opposition in some isolated localities, but overall, folks in Virginia support the pipeline as they do in West Virginia, North Carolina and we expect to get all the necessary permits later this fall.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Thank you, and good morning. We'd like to see FERC commissioners impaneled in September, would be our best guess on when that'll happen and that would allow us – no later than September is our best guess on when that'll happen, and that would allow us to start construction on this particular schedule. We won't talk about potential expansion opportunities until after we've received our FERC permit. And then, we will sit down and talk to folks.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Good morning. There's been obviously lots in the press about what's going on in Connecticut legislature. We're working very hard on that project in the legislation. As long as they're in session, we will be working on it, and we think there are prospects to have that legislation be adopted during the course of this legislative session. The governor's issued an executive order you referenced calling for a study. We don't feel the need to – for a study to be conducted, but we will certainly participate in the study. I think it's pretty clear what's necessary in Connecticut, and we'll let it play its course.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Well, this first two turbines are test turbines. They will be built in the area that's been designated that we have the lease rights to. It's about 25 miles, 26 miles offshore of Virginia Beach, so the turbines won't be visible. We've been working on this for a number of years, long, many years trying to find a partner who would give us the kind of certainty we needed on the cost to protect our customers. So that we could go to our commission, because it will need commission approval to authorize the construction of the turbines. They are – will be subject to rider recovery. If the turbines demonstrate that they work well in these waters and produce the kind of capacity that we expect, then it's up to 2,000 megawatts of offshore wind that would be available. We're building a lot of solar as well. Our IRP calls for up to 5,000 megawatts of solar. Solar uses a lot of land, and that's beginning to become obvious to people as maybe not quite as obvious to folks in the West, where vacant land is abundant. It's a little more obvious to folks in the East, where vacant land is not quite as abundant. So we're exploring all of our options to meet our customers' demands for decades to come. That's part of why we're looking at the relicensing of North Anna and Surry as well, and pump storage in the Virginia mountains.
Paul D. Koonce: Stephen, good morning. This is Paul Koonce with the Generation Group. The session ended officially on July 7. They went into special session on July 28. It really comes down to what happens and how do they close their budget deficit. Two weeks ago, the House approved a union concession package. Monday, the Senate approved the same union concession package, which closes the budget deficit by a substantial amount. So, it really is up to the House and the Senate in Connecticut to continue to work to close their budget deficit. That could play out over the next several weeks we expect, but hopefully they will come to conclusion by Labor Day. But it's a legislative process in August, it is a difficult month to get people together. So, I'd say weeks, but we think that they're making progress.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, I'll just comment on that. This is the governor's executive order, he's asked the Department of Energy and Environment to conduct the study. As we've said publicly, we think the time has passed for conducting studies, but be that as it may. The Department of Energy and Environment is to report out to the legislature next January. So, that's part of the legislation that was approved by the Senate, does not take legislative action. So, he's taken steps himself to move that forward. But, as the Senate bill 106 called for was action, and that's really what we think is necessary at this stage.
Paul D. Koonce: Jonathan, this is Paul Koonce with Generation. Actually, we're sort of right on schedule. So we had a full year plan, the plan is moving on schedule. So, no change.
