Robert Blue: Yes, Shar, both really good questions. I may take them a little bit in reverse order. We've worked with data centers for many years, and we have very strong relationships with them. As you know, Loudoun County is home to the largest data center market in the world. And we have had an opportunity to work with our data center customers for 15 or more years. So with those relationships, we're certainly looking into alternative rate designs and discussing potential structures with them. Obviously, anything that we would do there would need to be approved by the SCC. So nothing specific to offer, but we certainly continue conversations with these customers that we've worked with so well for so long. As behind-the-meter solutions or some sort of self-supply, I suppose there could be some specific situations where that might make sense for some customers. But we think given their need for reliability and affordability, we think the majority of those solutions are going to want to access the broader network of system resources that are in front of the meter. And I think it's really important to keep in mind, regardless of the source of generation, substantial transmission investment, which we've noted before. So fundamentally, given our long history with data center customers, we're quite confident in our ability to find solutions that work for them, for other customers and for our shareholders.
Robert Blue: Yes. Again, I'll take the second part first. So as to potential incremental capital, as we said in our prepared remarks, toward the end of the plan, we could certainly see some additional capacity. We described the way data centers are ramping in faster than they have before that their requests are bigger than they've been before. We don't forecast demand based on engineering assessments. We do that based on signed contracts. And then in the later years, customer intelligence, we're pretty confident in our ability to do that. So there may be potentially some upside there as we go out. As I said in our prepared remarks, our investments are going to be driven by policy and customer needs. We'll be very thoughtful about our balance sheet and our business risk profile as we make additional investment decisions. Fundamentally, it's just a very exciting time for the industry, particularly for us, given our experience with data centers. As to PJM as I expect you know, Shar, from 2007 to 2022, we participated in the PJM capacity market through the reliability pricing model. In 2021, we announced we were going to elect FRR because that made the most sense for our customers. Now with PJM's most recent capacity market reforms and assumptions, it makes sense for us to return to the capacity auction starting with the '25, '26 auction. Returned us to the way we did business for many years. It doesn't change guidance. It doesn't change the way we operate our system or the way we think about the world. In fact, all the auction planning parameters released by PJM in April, are quite consistent with our view. We're going to see substantial load growth driven by electrification data centers for the foreseeable future.
Robert Blue: Yes. Just to be clear, we're looking potentially at -- we've got a couple of big combined cycle plants not too far away from each other, being able to have some gas LNG storage that is available to those two. That's the kind of thing that we're talking about. More broadly, as we've discussed, we're building a lot of renewables, which all of our customers are looking for, but we need to make sure that we can operate the system reliably. That's why we've been talking about that storage I just described as well as some combustion turbines at our Chesterfield site.
Robert Blue: Yes, Jeremy, first. I think that legislation confirms a continued commitment in Virginia among policymakers in support of nuclear power. We operate 4 units in Virginia and have well for many years. The Navy has a substantial nuclear fleet. Many of those vessels ported in Virginia. And there are other parts of the nuclear industry that are all represented in Virginia. So I think it was a very positive sign that, that legislation passed that continues to support nuclear power in Virginia. We included SMRs in our last IRP out toward the end of the plan. We continue to investigate the opportunity to be able to deploy SMRs on the behalf of our customers. But I would add, just like with every other investment that we think about, we need to make sure that it's customer-friendly, that it fits within the parameters of our balance sheet and our business risk profile. So we're continuing to explore SMRs, as you point out, they are dispatchable and nonemitting, but we've got ways to go yet.
Robert Blue: Yes, Bill, I don't think we know specifically on those 15 how quickly they're going to be at full run rate. It really is just a matter of the amount of time that some of them that we've seen in the past would take to ramp fully into the capacity they ask for. They're expecting to ramp in quite a bit faster. But we don't have specifics regarding those 15 that we expect to connect this year.
Robert Blue: Yes, Bill, great question. They -- our data centers are on the rate schedule that applies to all our large customers. And that's been that way for some time. And the State Corporation Commission would have to make any changes if we were talking about -- approve any changes if we're talking about any changes to that, which not on the table at the moment. The sort of thinking about the way we structure contracts, they have contract minimum demands that they are obligated to achieve in order to cover the incremental cost of the infrastructure that we're building for them. And that has been in place for us for some time.
Steven Ridge: Yes. Nick, I appreciate that question. The legislature is scheduled to adjourn next week in keeping with our standard practice, I'm not going to talk about pending legislation today. We'll know where everything lands next week. I can tell you what we're very focused on in South Carolina. First, a constructive outcome in our electric base rate case that's pending right now. As we mentioned in our opening remarks, we've invested $1.6 billion on behalf of our customers since the last case. Our rates in South Carolina are low. Our reliability is outstanding. So we think we're in a very good place with respect to that case. And then beyond that, we're very focused on continuing to serve our customers well, and getting closer to earning our authorized return in South Carolina. If you just sort of look big picture, South Carolina is a great state to do business. We want to be in a position to continue to invest in growth capital as the state grows. So that's what we're focused on, and we'll see how the legislature lands here in a week or so.
Steven Ridge: Nick, I'll take the second part first with regard to what we've assumed. So we've made some assumptions of the ability to contract the vessel to third parties at the conclusion of the work it does for CVOW, and we continue to see robust interest in that vessel, given sort of the unique nature of what it provides. So we feel like we've made reasonably conservative, not unduly conservative assumptions on that, and that's included in the guidance that we provided with regard to the Dominion Energy contracted energy segment at the Investor Day materials. With regard to the timeline and sort of what it all means, no change to the expectation that the vessel will complete its sea trials in late '24, early 2025. And with the termination of the charter that we discussed in the call, that doesn't change the broader expectation for timeline for the project. What it does is it allows us to make sure that we can stay on track of that schedule. It gives us opportunities to begin installation when weather is most favorable. It will allow us without that first charter, we won't need the time to reconfigure the vessels outfitting between charters to accommodate our project's turbine size. So if you think about the vessel availability as on track, consistent with how we've thought about it in the past. To the extent we're able to bring it forward, that's great to the vessel, to the project. But I wouldn't think of it as bringing the back end of the project in. It's just another way that we can mitigate what will be. I'm sure things that happen along the way that we don't currently foresee, but we want to build as much cushion as we possibly can, and that's what this will accomplish for us.
Steven Ridge: Yes. We haven't issued any shares of the ATM yet, Steven. And that's a function of during the business review, our ATM shelf registration expired and so we actually didn't have the registration statement available to us. So we will be implementing that here very, very shortly, and then that will allow us to begin that program.
Steven Ridge: And Jeremy, I would just note, and I think we disclosed this earlier, we've not made any assumptions in our financial plan associated with a co-located data center at the Millstone Power facility. So...
