Mark McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. I think you’re right on track there. A large piece of that we’re using to go ahead and aggressively support credit. One reason, we went ahead and issued equity at the market in January, knowing what our position was going to be even with a slight delay in Cove. So, we did take advantage of that and we’re committed to the ratings that we have. We will take the steps necessary to support that and we took advantage of taxes to get a jump start.
Mark McGettrick: Hi, Julien, this is Mark. We have shared with agency our plans, and this is obviously an industry-wide issue for regulated utilities in terms of FFO pressure because of tax reform. We think this gives us a very strong start to support our FFO metrics going forward, but there's probably more work to be done in the future. The approach I think we believe agency is going to take are for all the companies that are impacted by the FFO is to make sure they can execute the plans that they outlined for the agencies and for investors and that's what we're committed to do to get our FFO metrics where all the agencies are comfortable with them and very strong investment grade, that's our commitment and will remain our commitment.
Mark McGettrick: Well, Julien, I think, I hope we've been clear on at that -- our 2017, 2020 growth rate is 6% to 8% without SCANA on a compound annual rate. And I think as Tom mentioned, 5 plus percent post 2020. If we're successful in the SCANA transaction that growth rate from '17 to '20 could move to 8 plus percent. So with or without SCANA, we're in terrific position with one of the best growth rates we believe in the industry and one of the highest dividend growth rates as well, but certainly SCANA would be a positive result for us.
Mark McGettrick: Steve, I think it's going to change a little bit over the period, but again I think the 6% to 8% range we feel real comfortable with and there's a lot of moving parts on tax reforms still in terms of how states might handle it, how FERC might handle it, and timing of the cash impacts on that. So, we've made our best assumptions here, and we think that 6% to 8% is the right range without SCANA. Could it move us off a little bit? It's possible. I don't think it will move us down at all, but I think taxes could move around little bit post '18.
Mark McGettrick: We are not. Again, our range that could move us within our range depending on the success at Millstone, but we did not put a specific number in when we came out with our 6% to 8% growth range for prior to the Millstone legislative work.
Mark McGettrick: No update on that, Michael. We still expect that cash to come back to Dominion and that is the one of the many levers we are going to have to de-lever the parent. That story has been consistent in terms of the drop of Cove Point into the Dominion midstream and the benefits back to the mainly shareholders since day one and we fully expect to execute on that beginning in this year.
Mark McGettrick: Hey, Angie, this is Mark. It's going to be a number of things. The largest component of that $1 billion is associated with an announcement we’ve made recently to go ahead and put nine of our generating facilities in Virginia into coal storage based on current market economics. The timing of that over the next 12 months or so would have required a lot of maintenance at all those units and that will be a lowered portion of the reduction. But there will also be reductions in other non-core maintenance activities over the next couple of years to come up with the $1 billion over the two year period. But we have very good line of sight on that.
Mark McGettrick: Angie, when we shared with the agencies our plans over the next three years, it was associated with the SCANA transaction and we had not adjusted for the equity that we’ve talked about today or the $1 billion adjustment. They were not advised until very recently and that was a decision that we made internally here to make sure that we -- our focus on the metrics -- they know we’re focused on the metrics and are making quick headway to improve that based on the tax reform impact. So, they were in their original numbers and we think this is a big step forward, as we go ahead and complete SCANA transaction.
Tom Farrell: Steve, this is Tom. There is a comprehensive piece of legislation that has been developed by a variety of leaders in the General Assembly, both in the Senate and the House that deals with lots of issues in the state energy policy. It's moving through -- Virginia moves legislation through in a very rapid pace normally. And I don’t think this will be an exception, they have to adjourn by the end of the first week of March. So, we are working with a variety of stakeholders on it. We think there are some very good things in it. There are some things that will have to accommodate ourselves to, but overall we think it's constructive a piece of legislation for our state and our customers.
Tom Farrell: I don’t -- I think it's premature to talk about it. There is still lots of work to be done on it -- maybe a little bit later when we see the final products in the committee hearing will be coming up in the next couple of weeks, and we will see how goes from here. And we'll be in a position to talk about it I think more thoroughly on the next call.
Tom Farrell: Yes, you’re sure. That’s the same range. We may get although little quicker for some of the changes that we talked about today, but that is the range we’re targeting by 2020, 30% to 40% at the holdco as a percentage of total family debt.
Tom Farrell: Well, there’s talking about a lot of jobs and a lot of -- that means a lot of homes and residences and businesses to spin off of that 50,000 jobs over a decade I think. And obviously depending upon where it is they want mass transportation, you’re referring I am sure -- what you’re referring to I think obviously is the District of Columbia, suburban Marilyn and Suburban Virginia were all suburbs of Washington were all included on that shortlist. There will be a lot to deal with over a decade, and we’re hopeful that they see the wisdom of coming in the right state.
