Bob Blue: Thank you, David. Good morning, everyone. As announced this morning, we reported second quarter operating earnings of $0.53 per share. Our results were meaningfully impacted by historically mild weather and outages at the Millstone Power Station, both of which will address later in our prepared remarks. But first, I'll address our safety performance and provide an update on the status of the business review. Turning to slide 3, our employee OSHA injury recordable rate for the first half of the year was 0.32, this remarkable performance has us on pace to achieve the best safety year in the history of our company. Safety is of course much more than just a number on a page. It's our first core value and represents the wellbeing of our people. I commend my colleagues for the dedicated focus necessary to create and maintain the safety mindset and work practices that enable this outstanding performance. Moving now to the Business Review, I'm pleased with the progress we're making toward delivering a compelling repositioning of our company to create maximum long term value for shareholders, employees, customers, and other stakeholders. As I've said before, I'm as excited as ever for the future of our company. Our guiding commitments and priorities are unchanged, and replicated identically on slide 4. The review timeline shown on slide 5 is also unchanged. We expect to conclude the review and hosted Investor Day during the third quarter, at which we will provide an updated strategic and financial outlook for the company. We're working expeditiously but conscientiously in recognition of the vital importance of achieving an optimal result. Since announcing the review last November, we have among other steps, rigorously engaged with our shareholders to listen, reflect and inform our business review commitments and priorities. We're committed to maintaining a similar level of engagement as we navigate through and beyond the review. We know that rebuilding trust is vital. We've positioned Dominion Energy Virginia for long-term success by working collaboratively with key stakeholders to simplify the regulatory framework, provide meaningful rate relief to customers, and ensure the stability that will allow our company to confidently continue to allocate billions of dollars of annual investment in support of the economic prosperity of the citizens of the [inaudible] of Virginia, to the benefit of both customers, and capital providers. We've confirmed our commitment to the current dividend. We've committed to and taken steps to improve operating earnings quality. We continue to focus on cost control by looking for what more can be done without losing sight of the absolute necessity of meeting high customer service standards. And against the backdrop of the significant operational and cost efficiencies we've achieved over the last several years. So consistent with prior comments. While there may be some potential in that area, we do not see it as a game changer. We've included our own and performance metrics in the appendix of today's materials for reference, and we've committed to an improved credit profile and taking the first step toward that goal by announcing an agreement to sell our remaining interest in Cove Point, which will generate approximately $3.3 billion of cash after tax, which we will use to reduce debt. This highly credit accretive transaction was the result of a robust and competitive sale process. The sale represents an attractive exit from what has been an excellent investment for our shareholders. With the sale we've recycled nearly $9 billion of cash flow since 2018, which is well in excess of our total investment in the facility, inclusive of the export project construction cost of approximately $4 billion. We've included the investor slides we publish at the time of the announcement in the appendix of today's materials. The request for HSR clearance and the DOE notification have both been filed. And we expect the transaction to close later this year. We will continue to announce updates as events warrant as we work to finalize additional business review inputs in advance of the Investor Day With that, I'll turn it over to Steven to address financial matters.
Bob Blue: Yes, no, change, Shar, and we would expect your questions to be answered. As we've said, our objective is to eliminate as many input variables as possible by the time we get to that Investor Day. And we're on track to do that. So no change.
Bob Blue: Yes, Shar. As we've said, throughout the business review, we're reviewing from top to bottom taking a look at everything in the business. By statute, there is an option for us related to offshore wind, and we're reviewing that as part of the business review, but I can't update you anymore on it.
Bob Blue: Yes, as you would expect, people are pretty positive about a rate reduction. I think that if you look at the history of our regulatory outcomes in Virginia, over the last few years, you see approval of the variety of new clean energy programs, approval of subsequent license, renewal investment, approval of transmission projects. We've, I believe, worked well with stakeholders in the regulatory process and achieved strong outcomes. And I think if you look at the big picture, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, our reliability is high. Our rates are competitive substantially below the national average. That's a very good place to be when you're in front of your regulators.
Bob Blue: We've spent a lot of time talking to PJM over the last few years on what we were seeing in terms of data centers. And we believe that is reflected in their most recent sales forecasts, which is robust. But we're seeing robust interest. And as we described, in our prepared remarks, we're seeing strong demand growth this year, in line with what we would expect over the course of the next few years, there's just no evidence that we can see that this kind of growth is abating. We're more and more interest from data center customers in our service territory. And so I would say the PJM forecast is pretty reflective of what we expect, the future will look like.
Bob Blue: Yes, so the overall investment, we expect to be $4 billion. And it is a variety of programs. A chunk of what's in that early $1.2 billion for example is we have a lot of big piping at our stations that we've put a sort of carbon fiber inlay and that will allow them to be quite reliable for many, many years. There are a host of other projects, large and small that will be included in that $4 billion but will put us in a strong position to be able to operate at North Anna and at Surrey for an additional 20 years. We can give you some more specific detail post call if you're looking for it. We've got that in the filings.
