Robert Blue: Thank you, David, and good morning, everyone. I'll start by outlining Dominion Energy's compelling shareholder return proposition. We expect to grow our earnings per share by 6.5% per year through at least 2026, supported by our updated $37 billion 5-year growth capital program, resulting in an approximately 10% total return. That's all underpinned by Dominion's industry-leading ESG profile, which includes the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the country, which, as you will hear in today's prepared remarks, is steadily transforming from opportunity to reality. Our strategy is anchored on a pure-play, state-regulated utility operating profile that centers around 5 premier states, as shown on Slide 4. I'll share the philosophy that a common sense approach to energy policy and regulation puts a priority on safety, reliability, affordability and sustainability. Next, I want to highlight what a successful year 2021 was in the continuing execution of our strategy. For example, we continue to provide safe, reliable service to our customers, ensuring that safety remains our top priority when it comes to our employees, our customers and our communities. We reported our 24th consecutive quarterly financial result that, normalized for weather, meets or exceeds the midpoint of our guidance range, a reflection of our focus on continuing to provide consistent and predictable financial results. We successfully concluded substantial rate cases in Virginia, South Carolina and North Carolina in each case demonstrating our ability to deliver constructive regulatory results for both our customers and our shareholders in these fast-growing, premier and business-friendly states. And we significantly advanced our clean energy growth plans on a number of fronts. For instance, we received our notice of intent from BOEM for our regulated offshore wind project in July as planned and filed our rider application with the Virginia State Corporation Commission on schedule in November. And we proposed new solar and energy storage projects in our second annual clean energy filing in Virginia, the largest such group ever proposed. Looking ahead, we've rolled forward our 5-year growth capital plan to capture the years 2022 through 2026. We now expect to invest $37 billion on behalf of our customers. The investment programs are highlighted on Slide 5, with over 85% focused on decarbonization.  As meaningful as these near-term plans are, consider on Slide 6 how they compare to the long-term scope and duration of our overall decarbonization opportunity. Our initiatives extend well beyond our 5-year plan. We now project $73 billion of green investment opportunity through 2035, nearly all of which will qualify for regulated cost of service recovery. This is, as far as we can tell, the largest regulated decarbonization investment opportunity in the industry.  With that, I'll turn it over to Jim to walk through our financial results and guidance before I provide further business updates on the execution of our plan.
Robert Blue: Jeremy, it's Bob. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Jim to -- I'll take the second part, turn it over to Jim to walk through the first part. Our announcement related to Hope was about scale. As we think about, as we mentioned in our remarks, Hope Gas, a great company. But in terms of customers, it's 1/4 of the size of our next smallest LDC. And so as we thought about capital allocation, it made sense to us to think about divesting that great company, and I think the power colleagues who work there are also going to a great company. As to the sort of broader question, we like the mix of assets that we have. And we think they support our growth rate and allow us to continue to execute, which is what we're most focused on, is executing on that strategy-regulated pure play. Now like every company, we obviously regularly evaluate assets to see what makes sense with respect to credit, earnings accretion, all those kinds of things. But we're very comfortable that the asset mix that we have today supports the growth rate that we've outlined, and we're just focused on executing on that. And I'll get Jim to talk a little bit about sort of tying that capital plans and equity.
Robert Blue: Yes. Let me start and then I'll turn it over to Diane to talk a little bit more specifically about RNG. As we described in our opening remarks, Jeremy, Scope 2 and 3 emissions reductions by 2050 are going to require technology and supportive regulatory environment. So a lot of this that we would be thinking about are sort of longer term. It's hard for us to put as much definition around it as we can, the Virginia -- particularly Virginia-regulated rider investments and some of the others that you're seeing in that 15-year chart. Obviously, nothing in the 5-year plan when we think would move the needle there. But lots of opportunities, we believe, and we think it's important. That's what our customers are looking for us to do. It's what our shareholders are looking for us to do. So we'll have opportunities to flesh that out. There's -- as we mentioned, we've already got a fair amount going, and a big chunk of that right now is our investment in RNG. And I'll ask Diane to talk a little bit more detail about that.
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve. So things have been going well with the new administration and the general assembly. Obviously, the session in Virginia is less than -- a little less than halfway over, but Virginia session moves pretty quickly. It's really -- energy just has not been a big focus. As we discussed, I think, on the last call, that campaign was focused on education and taxes, and that's what the general assembly has been focused on, not surprisingly. And so energy has not been a huge part of the equation. So we'll -- obviously, you make predictions about the legislative process at your peril, but we're participating and finding that we continue to work well with both Republicans and Democrats as we have for quite a long time.  As regards offshore wind, there continues to be very strong support for offshore wind as we discussed, on -- in our opening remarks. There is a great opportunity for Virginia with respect to new jobs and new industry. And our project is recognized as one that can bring a lot of benefits to the state. So still seeing great support for offshore wind.
Robert Blue: Yes. In fact, Diane and I met with the executives at Prysmian and DEME, who are handling, we talked about these large packages there that transport and install. So they're doing the cable and installing the monopods. We just met with them earlier this week, and things are very much on track with them.  So our -- and as regards our own vessel, the installation vessel, the steel for that, for example, has been on site for quite some time. So I think the premise where you started the question saying that the pressures that you may have heard about were factored into our -- contracting is exactly right. We entered into these contracts late last year with counter-parties who are very experienced. Every single one of them is very experienced in this industry. So we still feel very good about that project both in terms of schedule and budget.
Robert Blue: We feel very good about the value of our remaining LDCs as we have for some time. As I mentioned, this was a decision that we made related to scale. As it pertains to our LDC businesses, they are growing there in what we describe as premium states, very pro-business states, strong customer bases, very supportive of natural gas and with customers who want natural gas for cooking and heating their homes. So this was not, from our perspective, a reflection on our thinking about the LDC business going forward. And that being said, we had a lot of interest, obviously, in this process, and we feel very good about the price and equally important about the quality of the counter-party. So I think it was a good outcome and one that we think will be very well received. But we expect to continue operating our LDC as well.
James Chapman: Yes, Jeremy. As I mentioned in prepared remarks, we provided a lot of detail on our growth plans and capital spending in the appendix, so wouldn't expect anyone to digest all that yet. But I would draw attention to Page 34, which is a bridge from our prior 5-year capital growth plan to the new one, $32 billion to $37 billion. And let me just quickly tick through some of the changes. The most material single change is simply moving from one 5-year period to the next, drop 2021, check that box, add 2026. And just in doing that, you're also incidentally including the full time frame for offshore wind spend.  Then if you look at budget changes for some of our capital programs, for example, the budget we discussed in November on offshore wind is actually fully neutralized in our 5-year capital spend plan by postponement for further evaluation, as we talked about in November, of our pump storage project and our Virginia CTs, which are further out in time outside the 5-year period. So that nets to zero.  And then you'll see some other drivers there. Just true up some of our capital spending across gas distribution, R&D and all of our other decarbonization investment programs, so that's what bridges the prior plan to new. And then, Jeremy, you asked a lot of subparts to that question. You also asked about equity, so let me say a few things about that. We -- I observed that we're one of few companies that actually give detailed guidance on equity issuance, so I'm happy it's noticed. There's no change in our equity guidance for '22. There's some very modest tweaks, $100 million in some years, $200 million in others thereafter, keeping in mind that spending is up. So equity is up. Cash flow is up. Debt's up a little bit. So how could that change? If spending in our 5-year plan as we move forward goes up, which would be good, these equity amounts could trend up slightly as well. Conversely, if it goes down, which we don't expect, they go down a little bit. But we think this level of constant equity through our existing programs. As I mentioned, 1% to 1.5% of our current market cap is -- it's accretive, it's modest and it's appropriate to keep us in the right spot from a credit rating metric perspective.
James Chapman: That's exactly right on the equity sources and uses or the overall sources eases, I should say. So to simplify it a little bit, what are we doing here with the proceeds from the small sale? After-tax proceeds, we're paying down parent-level debt. And then in coming years, we'll use that debt capacity modest as we invest in our spending programs across our key regulated states.
James Chapman: Yes, Durgesh. That $800 million is part of the $7 billion locked across those 5 project components that we announced in November. The remaining amounts, as you'll recall, is the onshore transmission and contingency.
James Chapman: Yes, Durgesh, we're happy to connect. We have, as I mentioned, a lot of detailed backup in the appendix. But what you mentioned there is just a timing issue from the starting point. There's not a material change to the programs or the overall pace. That's just timing quarter-to-quarter.
