Bob Blue: Okay. Fair enough. All right. Fair enough. Good. I'm glad you're remaining consistent. But let me address the questions that you asked. It's premature to be talking about that, Shar. We just got this order Friday afternoon. As we said in our prepared remarks, there's very little detail in that order. And as it is drafted, as we look at it, it is inconsistent with the utility risk profile expected by our investors. But it's a great project and it has a lot of stakeholder support. There are options for us to seek reconsideration and options for us to work with stakeholders so that we can get the clarity that we need for this to meet our expectations of what utility investors are looking for. So we're confident that we're going to be able to get that clarity as we work with stakeholders. But we're just 72 hours after the order so there's not a lot more beyond that, that I can tell you this morning.
Bob Blue: Yes. That will depend obviously on stakeholders and on the commission. So, we'll work through that, I would hope. And over the coming weeks is the kind of time line that we would be looking for, for something like this.
Bob Blue: Well, as we've been saying for a while, Jeremy, we think Millstone is critical to the New England region achieving its zero carbon goals. And our view on that has only grown. Our confidence on that has only grown in recent months. The Connecticut General Assembly passed a law allowing for additional nuclear as long as it's at the site of an existing nuclear plant. Obviously, that would be Millstone. So we think there's an increasing recognition of the value of Millstone. And we're happy to work with stakeholders throughout the region on ensuring that Millstone is there to help them meet their clean energy goals. But beyond that, sort of specific to the recent developments in Massachusetts, not a lot to offer, we just think it's a great long-term asset, incredibly valuable to the region.
Bob Blue: Yes, Ross. Actually, that it does not affect the cost cap. The multiple in the statute is off of a CT, what the LCOE of a CT from the EIA report of 2019, I think it was. So that change, while incredibly valuable to our customers, does not change the cost cap figure.
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean, you accurately described the performance provision and the stipulation. And yes, so there's space in between. And as we mentioned, we intend to work with stakeholders. Obviously, just got the order less than 72 hours ago, but that space in between, I think, is precisely where we would be looking to try to find common ground.
Bob Blue: We wouldn't expect it to have any effect on the schedule. We're -- again, we'll work quickly -- as quickly as we can with stakeholders. But this, as you know, is a guarantee that affects the -- applies to the operation, not the construction of the facility. So, it won't have an effect on the schedule.
Jim Chapman: Jeremy, it's Jim. Full detail to come on our full roll forward of our five-year plan, and you'll see changes there, an acceleration of transmission spend. One data point that's out there, last week, there was a filing with PGM for one required transmission investment, one of several to come to make sure we're meeting demand there. And that was $500 million to $600 million. But that's not the total. More will be defined in our planning, and we'll discuss that on our fourth quarter call when we do our full roll forward of our capital plan, including all the transmission spend in Virginia.
Jim Chapman: Julien, on your sales question, let me give you a couple of comments there. So look, first, you need to differentiate between demand and sales. Some of Bob's comments that we set out is on demand, increases in demand for data centers and in this potentially affected area. So, we don't get paid on demand, of course, typically, not fully utilized. It takes a long time for data centers to ramp up, et cetera. But we get paid on sales. And for this customer class, like other high-usage customers, there's a lower margin. So what drops to the bottom line isn't necessarily the same as a sales number. It's still helpful. Meaning, the increased sales helps offset increases to the typical customer bill across the system, but it is lower margin based on its high usage. So impacts to the bottom line from these issues just described could be a little bit years out after this ramp period of plateauing, slower growth slightly in data center sales, offset by what Diane just mentioned, increases in the needed transmission spend, which is, of course, not lower margin it's formula rate and rider. So it's hard to take a -- in summary, a straight line from changes in demand down to the bottom line for EPS sensitivities.
Jim Chapman: Okay. Not bonus depreciation, but the tax depreciation makers. Whatever Is your tax books for -- including for utility spend translates over as an adjustment in this GAAP -- adjusted GAAP pretax income calculation for AMT purposes.
