Thomas F. Farrell: Dan, I'm not sure where an expectation come, they would come by the end of this month. I don't think we ever said that. But the hearing was October 1, and all the parties agreed that the -- no evidence was needed and the judge could decide the case based on the briefs. There's no change in expected timing. It could come any day.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, there are a variety of them that occurred in 2011, 2012. I wouldn't call them adjustments. They are GAAP earnings, which is what the statute calls for the commission to review. There are, like I said, a number of them. First, one is the VSP that was -- we did the early retirement program that was in -- severance program, which was in 2010. The commission's last biannual review carried $100 million of that negative effect into this biannual review. We have derecho, we have write-off of the cash for allowances -- or care allowances, rather. And one of the important things to keep in mind is we are $0.17 down for weather in 2012, which is what it is. There's no weather adjustment for any rate-making in Virginia whether it's forward-looking rates or for biannual reviews. So there's a number of issues. We have the coal plants in Chesapeake and Yorktown and some others. So there's a list of them. We can be happy to take you through the details of each of them if you have any further questions.
Thomas F. Farrell: We have very high interest actually in those plants. We've had many, many parties express interest. I don't think you can compare -- you obviously can do whatever you want. I don't think you should compare Kewaunee to Kincaid, Elwood or Brayton Point Power Station. Kewaunee is a very unfortunate situation. It's a superbly operating plant. There are great people there, but it is a relatively small nuclear facility. In MISO, there's no capacity payments there. Gas prices have reduced the energy prices there, which I think is very difficult for a single-unit nuclear facility to, at least for us, to work in that market. We couldn't make it work and apparently nobody else could either since we found no buyers. But I don't think that's a comparable situation to a Brayton Point, Kincaid.
Thomas F. Farrell: Sure, Greg. The way the statute works, if you -- the collar -- you have to over-earn above the collar in 2 consecutive rate reviews in order for there to be a consideration of a reduction in your rates. And so it has to be above the 50 basis points twice, the collar, twice, consecutively. In order to ask for a base rate increase, you only have to be below the 50-basis-point collar once. We believe we will be significantly below the 50-basis-point collar at the end of the biannual review, which means that we -- triggers the possibility of a rate increase, so that we anticipate -- and the way the commission ruled last year was that we should -- if there's going to be a base rate case, it should be filed at the same time as the biannual review. So the ROE issue will be basically the same in both of them, but we will be filing for all of our increased costs that we've been associated with, the run rate we've had at the company. There'll be more traditional rate cases. Of course, you don't have any of the Riders in there. The earnings from the transmission, electric transmission or from the generation Riders are not included in the rate review and would not be included in a base rate review.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, first off, with respect to Dominion, we're not forecasting. It is part of our earnings other than -- what we hope to get out of it next year is in the 5% to 6% per share earnings growth projection or forecast. It depends -- the product works, that's for sure. How many people we're able to show that to and sell it to and its potential impacts, we're going to -- it's not just going to be in the United States. It's also -- I think it works everywhere, particularly useful I think in Europe to meet their energy efficiency mandatory targets. But we'll see. I can't forecast for you yet what it will do to Dominion's earnings growth, positive way or what it would do to the industry at large. But there's no question I don't think -- the algorithm works. It allows you to certainly reduce your fuel expense across your system.
Thomas F. Farrell: No, Steve, because they'll all be contingent on us getting the permit and having the right to -- they'll all be contingent on us getting the DOE export permit, getting the FERC environmental permit and winning the Cove Point lawsuit. So the fact that there are -- those -- these 3 things are out there doesn't mean we won't sign these contracts by the end of the year. We believe we will sign the contracts by the end of the year, but they will have in them like all of our -- anything that needs a permit in the future will have a provision that says, if we don't get the permit, then the shippers don't have to obviously pay us anything. So I don't think that's anything out of the ordinary.
Thomas F. Farrell: I think we'll be able to give you our plans because they'll be based upon the TSA agreements and the feed studies, the actual final estimates on the capital costs. The DOE permit will come when it comes. The economic impact analysis was originally going to be issued in the summertime and then somehow or other, it seems to have gotten caught up in this ongoing election thing.
Thomas F. Farrell: We don't know that. The -- there's -- let me just -- let me go back some. I haven't been here that long, but I've been here long enough to have seen charts where we were going -- people were going to build 300 to 400 gas-fired power plants all over the United States. This was the hot thing. Everybody's going to do that. And then we saw, I don't know how many LNG imports facilities were going to be built. 30 of them or something like 43 of them were going to get built. And I think about 3 of them got built. We have lots and lots and lots of announcements around LNG exporting. In our situation, we have -- we already have an import facility. We have the terminal, we have the pipes, we have the storage. We have a pipe that goes directly into the Marcellus and Utica Shale that's dedicated to Cove Point. All we need to do is build the liquefier. So the environmental impacts are, we believe, very modest. We think that's what the FERC review will demonstrate. There's not going to be another one built on the East Coast of the United States, I do not believe. So we were early in the queue. We're not first in the queue, we're not second in the queue, but we're in the top 25%, first 25% in the queue. We're going about this just in a very workmanlike manner. We're not paying much attention to all the other announcements. We're dealing with our customers and our feed studies, our financing plans, and we have to deal with the Sierra Club on this one particular issue and forging ahead with the FERC process. So we're going to keep at it every day, step-by-step. And we believe we will get all the necessary approvals, but that all still remains to be seen.
Thomas F. Farrell: Angie, we have had some announcements around additional midstream thing, which -- some of which -- a couple of which we announced today. But they are modest compared to the string of them that you heard from us in 2011. A lot of that does have to do with the fact that we are at this point concentrating on completing the Cove Point terminal services agreements, which we expect to have by the end of the year and concentrating again on the engineering work that's being done around getting those feed studies completed so that we can finalize the rest of those plans. So I'd say it's a combination of both, but largely more -- I would weight it more toward our concentration on Cove Point at this point. If you remember last fall, fall of '11, when we laid out our growth plan, we had -- we said there was about $1 billion in potential projects that we didn't have in our growth plan and were not part of our 5% to 6% earnings growth, but they were out there. We were working on them. I said early in September this year that we were replacing that $1 billion with the additional $2.5 million to $3.5 million from Cove Point. And Cove Point, similarly, is not in our 5% to 6% earnings growth plan that we've developed for you in talking about in '13, '14, '15, et cetera, because Cove Point won't come online until 2017. But we've also said before, we are looking at a variety of ways to finance Cove Point to make sure that it doesn't curtail our growth plans while it is in the middle of its construction.
Thomas F. Farrell: I wouldn't -- I can understand your concern, Angie, but I don't think you should have it. We are going along -- ahead with many other projects. We have a lot of negotiations going on in the midstream. We don't have anything to announce today other than the ones we've already announced. The fact that we're working on Cove Point doesn't mean we're not working on other midstream activities. We are, and we'll continue to announce things as they become available to us.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. We did not change the $3.10 to $3.35. But what we wanted to give everybody color on today is that with the range we gave for the fourth quarter, we're going to need $0.04 or $0.05 of weather, cold up to normal weather, to get into the original guidance range of $3.10 to $3.35. So we've kind of bounded it for everybody. But the most important thing we think to focus on there is that with the ranges out there, when you normalize for weather, we are right in the middle of our weather-normalized 5% to 6% growth off last year.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, the interest savings this month that was taken out of operating earnings was about $17 million, and that's what you should expect in the fourth quarter as well from the sale of the merchant plants.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yes, I think we'll need to walk you through that, Paul, on that number. There's only one other item that impacted interest year-over-year of significance, other than our focus. Now we have refinanced a lot of debt. Year-over-year, debt has improved '12 over '11, which has lowered our interest expense. We have the non-offs of the merchant plants, which I referenced was to $17 million. And we did have one interest rate swap we settled in the third quarter of this year, which was about $10 million. So the way I would describe it is you take the $10 million plus the $17 million, which we've referenced and the rest of it has to do with efficiencies around refinancing of the portfolio.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, what we've done consistent with any of the divestitures that we've had is we take out the EBIT contribution from operating, nonoperating, and we take out the interest expense for financing, whatever the asset might be. We did it with the Peoples transaction. We did it with Hope. We did it with Kewaunee. We've done it with all of them. But the asset base here is fairly big, so it's kind of stuck out where it's a larger number. But we've always taken out both sides, and we'll continue to do that until the plant is sold.
Mark F. McGettrick: Well, I think it is fair to say over the last 2, 3 years we've had quite a few nonoperating expenses as we've reshaped the portfolio, some positive, some negative. Peoples was a positive expense in the sale that we've had there. But I think we're nearing the end of that, if not at the end. So we think '13 after the resolution of the merchant assets that are currently out for sale, I think you should see pretty clean operating versus nonoperating expenses going forward.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, this is Mark. The only thing I'd add to Paul's comments was, to your -- and you referenced to weather. Quarter-over-quarter, weather was about $0.06 better last year than this year. And so there wasn't a weather extreme in the actual numbers as well.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think we're best -- better talk about that in January, Julien, because the weather quarters here are really November -- the weather months, I should say, are November and December. October's not an influence during the fourth quarter much at all.
Mark F. McGettrick: That's yet to be determined. We're evaluating that. It could be part of a package or it might not be. It depends what -- who the buyer will be and what the best result will be for our shareholders.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, on merchant sales here, we have never tied our Retail business to our power generation business. They do not contract back from those units the resale into the wholesale market or we're contracted with other counterparties. So retail back-to-back out of the wholesale market, so there's no tie to all of that.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, you're right. That is net in the kit. That's electric transmission-related O&M, so it's Rider-related O&M, so it's offset in the revenue. So it really has no earnings impact.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, if you look at what's in the kit. Certainly, that's actual sales which take into account sort of the weather impact that we experienced in the third quarter and really the absence of derecho weather, mostly. But as Mark mentioned in the call, September was certainly below. We are seeing strong growth. Tom mentioned 1.5% year-to-date weather-normalized sales. We've mentioned in previous quarters that there's been some ramp-rate demand around data centers. We saw that pick up. So I think from quarter-to-quarter, you're going to see a little lumpiness there. But from a revenue standpoint, those customers have contract minimum demand, so we're protected. But I see -- I think you see that kind of coming through a little bit this quarter. Industrial sales are down about 100,000 megawatt hours. Of course, that's against the total system of about 23 million for the quarter. We're not a very intense industrial marketplace with sort of a Northern Virginia, Central and Eastern Virginia. And it is just kind of a lot of small numbers added up. I would say if you looked at our top 5 industrial customers, their consumption is up, so that's good. So what you see in the kit is really the actual sales based on the weather. But when we kind of peel it back, we have seen very strong megawatt hour sales to data centers and generally, kind of accumulation of new connects over the last 12 months.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, as you know, the trend is competition, no question, and margin pressure. But if you looked at Dominion Retail from the first quarter kit to the second quarter kit to what was put out this morning, what you will see is that we've been able to hold steady at about 700,000 electric customers, about 550,000 gas customers, and our products and services business continues to expand. So what we've seen is competition. We've been able to hold our customer count steady in the face of that competition. And with the cost of supplies, we've actually been able to improve our margins a little bit. But it's a daily challenge and one that we're well aware of. What will happen if we get on a price uptrend? What we see is customers tend to shop less because they know they're going to be getting a higher price. So in some respects, we view that as a good thing. But during this downturn, it's been tough.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, I'll answer the first one, then I'll turn it back to Mark to talk about the power plants. The year-over-year difference has persisted throughout the year, and that is principally related to a decision we made last December to turn back a fairly large block of customers where we did not believe we could beat the price to compare and maintain our margin. And we did not think it was worth maintaining the volume and commodity risk without commensurate margin. So that was a decision that we made last December, and it's persisted throughout. And frankly, we've got one more quarter where you'll see that. So I think, to me, the relevant number is how have we done since that decision has been made. And if you look back, as I mentioned earlier, at the first quarter kit and second quarter kit, you'll see that we've been holding really steady. With respect to the merchant power plant sales, I'll turn that back over to Mark.
Paul D. Koonce: Michael, yes, great question. These are customers who are buying what we call products and services that are really function like in-home warranties. We've got a waterline protection plan. So if a waterline breaks, the pay so much a month; if the waterline breaks, we'll repair it. In the in-home wiring, we have some surge protection-type products. So what we typically do is lead with a commodity product and then we try to cross-sell as best we can these other products into the home. But we don't -- in terms of the products and services business, we have a network of contractors that we rely on to perform that work. We're not doing that work, but as part of a contractor network. So it's just a way to cross-sell an existing customer with an additional product and improve our revenue streams.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Michael, good observation there. We did have 4.4 million megawatt hour sales in the third quarter of '12 versus 4 million in the third quarter of '11, and that really relates to aggregation. We have done about 4 aggregation transactions. And in that case, you don't get the customer accounts, but you get the volumes. And so as aggregation becomes more and more of it, it's going to be more difficult to kind of make that connection.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. Again, we put them in the commercial account. They use a lot of megawatt hour sales, but they're commercial customers in our accounts here.
