James Chapman: It's Jim. We are very happy with that transaction. We satisfied with the value and the term. In particular, we are happy with the structure which allows us on to on the one hand derisk at 1.2, but on the other hand still participate in the growth of that business over the next three years would be up to $300 million of earn out payments. The detail - the very specific details of those earn outs are not going to be public that's between us and first reserve. But it's formally. So if Blue Racer revenues and EBITDA grow over the time period above some reasonable threshold, we participate in that every year, participate in that growth upto that $300 million maximum level. So very happy. As it relates to our credit profile, we are using the upfront proceeds this year to repay parent company debt. I think that brings us to where we need to be on a credit basis already. So the 300, the upto 300 over the next three years is just a part of the give-and-take on our overall plan of 6% to 8% earnings growth through 2020.
James Chapman: I think that's possible. We certainly see it that way as the reason we have done it in that manner. It's a little bit early to comment as we haven't really held those discussions yet with agencies. But that will be a fair argument to make in my view.
James Chapman: Given the sales price - prices achieved, and given the reduction in interest from the debt paydown, and given the likely receipt of earn out proceeds on the Blue Racer side, we are very comfortable with that impact is modest and in line with our 6% to 8% growth profile through 2020.
Thomas Farrell: I'll answer the question on the return, Shahr, and Diane will talk about the hedging as you referred to it. Through this process, we've already been through one process with customers on the rates, and we'll continue to work with them. The returns are going to be very adequate and comments with the normal returns we get in projects like this in our midstream business. Now I'll turn it over to Diane.
Thomas Farrell: Sure, Steve. It is noisy. There's lot of things going on, there's lots of moving parts, but we we've been working on all those moving parts now for 10 months. We're very familiar with the folks that we're dealing with and what their interest are and their needs are. And in the end of the day, the Dominion offer or two offers now, our original offer which very popular with customers by the way, and the alternative offer which is popular with other kinds of customers are by far in a way, it's not even close, the best alternative for SCANA in the state of South Carolina, we were confident that the policymakers will come to that conclusion. We saw that last week or earlier I guess this week with the letter from Speaker Lucas for example, recognizing that among all the alternatives, this was the best.
Thomas Farrell: Yes, so for the Blue Racer proceeds and the generation sale proceeds all expected this quarter. So we will take that and use it to repay parent level debt as mentioned. And we have kind of an array of debt in parent company, some of which is prepayable, some of which is commercial paper, which is kind of a shock absorber on our baseline timings of their receipt etcetera, cetera. So we have identified ways to use that cash this quarter and pay down debt. I would expect some Big Bang kind of liability management exercise with standards and the like. It's going to be managed on a more solid basis with our existing securities which are prepayable, et cetera.
Thomas Farrell: Well, one of the conditions we have to close is to no change in law, that court case with change law as we - as it existed when we made the decision transaction. But no orders being entered. Lots of rumors running around South Carolina and I just wouldn't believe everything one reads in the newspaper about every single thing everybody is saying. We're going to continue to work with all the parties including that we have the lawsuit, we're not a party of the law suit. But obviously the interest of that law suit. As well as what's going on at the Public Service Commission. So all these things have to be resolved without affecting financial parameters that we entered into the original financial parameters we entered into with SCANA in January. Or we won't close. I'm optimistic that that will all - we work our way through all of it, and we will close by the end of the year.
Thomas Farrell: We have been in dialogue with people, variety of customers, customer classes, policymakers, all name it for literally last 10 months. And it became apparent to us that there was the significant interest by many in moving the refund into more of a non-rate going reduction. So we work through that and came with the proposal that you saw us put forward I guess it was last week. Things are all sort of running here. I guess it was last week that we put that proposal out. But that's all, there's two proposals, either one we're comfortable with. We don't expect any changes to either one of them.
