Mark McGettrick: Jonathan, yes, the gas, as you mentioned, is running in the $5.20, $5.25 range. That's slightly below what we said you should assume for that one-item gas price that will take us toward the bottom of our range. But as you can see this year already, we have a lot of other items that we've got a lot of excess with. And I think we will next year, whether it'd be O&M expenses, interest expense or other areas that will be able to offset the gas price at this level and maintain the range that we have out there for 2011.
Mark McGettrick: Paul, EPA came out with a new one-hour SO2 rule, where they used to have a 24-hour SO2 rule and they tightened that down considerably. And the states have to have compliance plans from 2014 to 2017, I think is the flexibility that they have. Based on that rule, it's apparent that State Line would need significant capital improvements on the environmental side to meet those requirements in the future. And we're not going to make a significant capital investment in State Line. So we will run that facility as long as we possibly can and comply with all the rules as long as we can, but we're not going to make a capital infusion there. So we took an impairment on that plant, and the resulting book value right now is between $60 million and $70 million.
Mark McGettrick: Well, we haven't set an expected life. But again, I referenced that the states have a three-year window that they have to come up with implementation plans, and so we'll see how long that will be. But again, I think the key takeaway here for us today and for everyone listening is that it will require significant CapEx at this plant and that we are not going to invest that in the future.
Mark McGettrick: There wouldn't be a decrease in depreciation because we have shortened the depreciation period. But in terms of earnings, you should assume that we're earnings neutral to it.
Mark McGettrick: That's a very good question, and let me give you kind of a little background on it. We talked about May 7 that we have bought back 12 million shares for about $500 million, and that leaves us with a 10 million or 11 million shares left to buy back. We have bought those shares back in a very tight window of about 40 to 45 days. So there was a pressure on that stock from a buying standpoint based on us being in the market. We wanted to stay out of the market for about 30 days or so, let the stock stabilize, trade on its own, and we anticipated getting back into the market in June of this year to continue our stock buyback on a periodic basis. However, it was very apparent to us and early June, that we were going to have a significantly better quarter than what we had previously disclosed in our guidance range. We did not think it would be prudent to buy back stock, knowing that information and that information not being public, so we elected not to buy back any stock until we disclose what our actual earnings were for the second quarter.
Mark McGettrick: This is Mark. Expectations have been pretty much in line with what we thought. Again, if you reference the State Line, that is not a near-term issue. That's a long-term issue. State Line will be running for a long time to come. And if you look at this year and next year in terms of any environmental rules versus what our expectations were on merchant contributions, they haven't changed at all. I'd reference you back to our May 7 presentation for, this year, where we talked about what we expected in terms of merchant margins versus '09 for the rest of the year, which said that our merchant margins would be impacted by about $0.14 to $0.18 per share year-over-year for the second half. And that's right in line with what we think they're going to be. So we're comfortable with what we have out there for '10 and '11 on merchant, and the environmental, we see as a much longer-term issue. And again, the only one that has clarity near term based on an environmental rule is Salem, but that clarity is only that they're not going to invest any capital in it. And the question's going to be just how long would we run it. We're going to run it as long as we can.
Mark McGettrick: Well, I think Transport Rule is too early to speculate on to see where it's going to go. It's just we'll stay out for comment now, and we'll see what the final rules are there. But we've always been clear on Salem that we've tried to delist that unit in the capacity market. And I think you're very close to this subject, but there's competing forces here. And one is on the environmental side that are coming out with rules from EPA. The other is on the reliability side, which the ISOs and FERC have a keen interest in. And we have Salem caught in the middle of both of those. So our commitment is, on Salem, we'll run it as long as we can, on State Line as long as we can, provided we're in compliance. And we're going to let the ISOs and EPA organizations to side what your long-term life is based on their two interests.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thanks very much. Just to remind you that our Form 10-Q are expected to be filed with the SEC in the next few days, and our third quarter earnings release was scheduled for October 29. Thank you for joining us today.
Thomas Farrell: We looked at all of our assets on a continuous basis. We have return on invested capital hurdles that we expect our assets to perform to. And as you've seen in the past, if they're not performing at levels we expect and we don't see a way to get them to perform at levels that we desire in a reasonable period of time, then we'll either divest them or in some case, we may choose to shut it down. We've talked, for example, about the possibility with Salem Harbor of shutting down an individual unit within the Salem Harbor Station. We continue to look at all that, and we will continue to do so. We don't have any plan at the moment to do some strategic sale of any of our assets.
Thomas Farrell: Well, that's certainly a legitimate question, Greg, and we will continue to monitor. You're quite right. I would remind all of us here. If you recall our May 7 presentation and when you look at where our capital spending has flowed in the quarter and will continue to flow out in the foreseeable future, it's almost entirely going into regulated projects. So we will continue to increase our regulated content. There's two ways to increase our regulated content: grow your regulated content and shrink your commodity census content. We have done both over the course of the last few years by disposing of our E&P business. The shale sale, as you mentioned, reduced our commodity exposure by an additional 20% this year. So we focused on both, but our concentration at the moment is on continuing to expand the regulated projects through building out organically.
Thomas Farrell: Well, they tend to be in the mid-teens as they are developed, and they're fairly similar. I mean the gathering ones that are not FERC regulated, we can get done faster, obviously, because you don't have the regulatory process to go through. But whereas we have to be just as careful with environmental and construction operation, obviously, as you do with the larger pipelines. But that's the target that we see, sort of mid-teens.
Thomas Farrell: I'll give you just a quick sentence on it, and I'll let Paul Koonce talk about more of the detail. We filed PATH with PJM, and it will go through its process, and I expect we'll hear more about what its potential is in the fall. But Paul, go ahead.
