James Chapman: So, the way we think about that is that, looking the table right now, as you know within this ten year contract for the first three years, basically, roughly equivalent to market pricing. So, no need for us to have a contract for that. So, we are hopeful that there will be a contract for that period and value of these other attributes we’ve talked about for Millstone.  So if that comes into play, the contribution from such a contract for the relative period would be an adder to our guidance – earnings guidance. It doesn’t necessarily mean that we change our growth rate but will be an adder to the existing guidance. So that’s what we mean by that that’s excluded. There will be a potential for an adder for the time period in which an acceptable contract comes into play.
James Chapman: Sure, we have a new administration in place. We have been working very constructively with them. So, I am not going to – we are not here to do any stable rattling today. Our position hasn’t changed. We have to have a clear financial path for Millstone that proposals from Governor Malloy’s outgoing proposal does not meet that standard.
James Chapman: And let me add just one thought also on the legislation. I think it’s also fair to say that, in this present – it’s not likely to come through the general assembly process in its present form. 
James Chapman: Yes, good question. We are required based on the terms of existing units remarketed to debt. That doesn’t represent the increase in debt. It’s just remarketing which will be this year. But this is our last outstanding mandatory convertible securities. The equity converts into common equity, that going about in August and we view that as an attractive security to us and we think there is demand for us and the capital market is our perception.  So we do plan to replace it. It will be exactly the same as the securities we have issued in the past, it could be slightly different. But some form of that hybrid capital, mandatory convertible otherwise we plan to use to replace the $1.4 billion that effectively goes away in the middle of this year in August. 
James Chapman: Yes, Greg. It’s actually, Jim. We are not really talking about a guidance range for 2020 yet. We have given this indicative 5%. So we think about it more in terms of midpoint. So, midpoint 2019 to 2020 that’s where our minds are right now. We will get more granular with the guidance range as we go through time. 
James Chapman: Hey, Chris, let me just add, you mentioned correctly that back in October, when we published our third quarter Q, we noted that the amount of capital drawn on this project level construction facility was a little over 1, 1.5 I think it was really on a 100% basis. I am sure that number as of 12/31 is about 1.4 not drastically different.  That’s on a 100% basis, so, that would imply total spend, that’s of course 50% of the cash capital is represented and drawn on the project level facility. So it double to get on a 100% basis the total amount spent which will be about approaching 2.8 as of 12/31. And those numbers will be more so in the case. 
James Chapman: Hey, Rose, it’s Jim. We will talk about that at the end of March. But we will be setting the dividend growth rate to reach a target payout ratio that’s more in line with peers.
Thomas Farrell: Okay, I’ll let Diane answer that question just a second, Diane Leopold. With respect to the legislation, I would just say, I think the simplest answer to say that legislation has a long way to go in the general assembly. 
Thomas Farrell: Well, I would say, this is Tom, you are quite right, en banc proceedings are, they don’t happen every day of the week, they don’t happen every month. This case, I don’t know if you had a chance to read the brief that was filed on behalf of ACP last week.  And I think it sets the story out pretty well that there is a fifty pipelines that go on and meet the Appalachian Trail today, or it’s about 50 that are now all in question. We have significant support from a variety of folks. I think you will see ten or more friends of the court file a brief or briefs sometime late next week.  The Department of Justice will weigh in before February 11 on the importance of this. But that’s – we’ll see what happens. There is other avenues, as I mentioned, there is you can always appeal the Supreme Court, obviously.  Again, there is legislative efforts underway and there are other potential administrative avenues we are looking at that we haven’t been able to pursue very thoroughly, because of the government shutdown. But the en banc is important milestone. But it’s not by any stretch the only avenue to make sure we finish this pipe in which we are highly confident. 
Thomas Farrell: We have all of our permits. So, let’s – we didn’t mention in the script, for example, we did get our last real permits, significant permit which is the air permit for the Buckingham compressor station. So, what now is in front of us is these court challenges on variety of pieces.  No challenge for what’s between Buckingham County and Lumberton North Carolina. That’s with these issues in the mountains and the national parks et cetera. So, all those different timeframes and the different amounts are based on different scenarios on when we finish the court challenges. 
Thomas Farrell: Correct. There are other – there are multiple paths here. And I know, people are focused understandably and justifiably on the en banc. But that’s not the only path here. There are – there is the potential if we don’t get the en banc or we lose the en banc, there is the – we have the judicial path to Supreme Court.  There is legislative path that we are working on quite vigorously and there are, as I mentioned, administrative path that we have identified, but haven’t been able to fully pursue because of the government shutdown. But the primary focus right now for us is our en banc proceeding. We face that decision as erroneous and a bench almost 50 years of agency precedent. 
Thomas Farrell: Well, I’ll let Jim give you the numbers on what has been spent. I just – there is so many variables in that question. I just think it’s hard for us to really to answer it. We’d have to see – I think we are going to win on the biological opinion issue quite – but I have high confidence in that. This is the second time around they followed the dictates of the court and what the court was interested in and reissued it.  So, we would have to see we assume it’s going to get affirmed and if it’s not, we will have to see what the court said and then we’ll have to make a decision around that. But we think all of that is taken into account in these different timeframes given here, because we can proceed from Buckingham which is sort of almost middle of the pipeline, all the way down to Lumberton and up into Hampton Roads. 
Thomas Farrell: Thanks Rose-Lynn. Let me just refresh everybody on the background here. So, we announced that expected dividend policy – of course they are all subject to, as you all know, each quarter to Board approval. But we said in 2017 that looking forward we had a very robust MLP market. We had Cove Point expectations coming online et cetera.  Because of the unique nature of the take or pay contracts with Cove Point, very significant cash flows flowing out of that with the recapture of the capital cost that we would see through drops into the MLP that we would grow the dividend 10% a year in 2018, 2019 and 2020. And then, when we got to 2021, we have to see what the landscape looks like at that time.  After the FERC ruling, in March of last year that destroyed the viability of the MLP market. Over time, we said not too long after that date I don’t remember the exact date, Rose, and we said something along the lines that we are going to keep 10% in 2018. We expect to keep 10% in 2019. And depending upon what happened people are going to ask FERC to reconsider.  We didn’t know what exactly was going to happen that it could go from 6% to 10% depending upon what happened with MLP. I think we had since said that the expectation obviously the MLP market is no longer there.  So you are already at the bottom of that. But, we recognized that it’s not going to be 10% in 2020, highly unlikely and over time, we will bring the dividend growth rate, not going to be a cut in our dividend, that’s not even in contemplations, the notions will bring our growth rate of our dividends more in line with our peers after this year.  So starting in 2020, some – and I will talk more about that in March, but there will be some effort to bring them more in line with our peer group. I don’t know if that answers your question, I hope it does. 
Thomas Farrell: In Virginia, it’s just a matter of – it’s like any other part of fuel cost. So that will be part of the fuel cost case in whenever 2021 or 2022 along with all the other ins and outs of our fuel cost. 
Diane Leopold: And, good morning, this is Diane Leopold. With respect to the contract, there are provisions in the contract to discuss both rates and terms and as Tom discussed, given the latest schedule and pause that we talked about today, we are already working with customers to set these rates and terms, partial in-service options, the actual rates for the service et cetera.  And we are confident we are going to be able to balance the customer needs and provide them with their critical need for this project in both cost and non-cost items while preserving a fair return for the project, but we really don’t want to go into anymore details on that.
Diane Leopold: Yes, I mean, the last few days when it was cold, it wasn’t just cold on the East Coast, obviously as it was on the Midwest. But I believe it was somewhere $5, $6 versus the Henry Hub, it certainly has value there. But that five year average actually is summer and winter time. It is average through the entire year, not just the price spikes of the winter.
Diane Leopold: The discussions are with – sorry, this is Diane Leopold. The discussions are with all of the customers and every customer has something different with respect what they will need to finalize the deal. But we are in active discussions with all the customers now. 
