Thomas Farrell: Thanks. I'll start and then I'll turn it over to Paul Koonce who has spent an enormous amount of time working on this development, and Jim Chapman can answer any further questions on the financing. I would mention we are expecting rider recovery and we will seek rider approval for all three phases. We've been working on this project for six years. We bought the right lease option, the lease rights in a 2013 auction that was run by BOEM. And ever since that time, we've been working with a variety of stakeholders to make sure we had the right plan and we had the right folks to help us do the pilot. We got approval from the State Corporation Commission, it’s been through BOEM, we have the permits for BOEM. One of the things to keep in mind that differentiates us from the New England situation is we own the entire lease for the entire coastal region of Virginia, and ot is 26 miles offshore. It is not in fishing grounds and it is not visible from the shore. So, it's very significant differentiating aspects of what's going on here in Virginia and what you've seen happen in New England, but from the macro level, and I'll turn it over to Paul to answer the balance of your question.
Thomas Farrell: Sure. Well, we're the only one that owns the offshore lease. We own 100% of the offshore lease, we pay for it in the auction, nobody else can build a wind farm off of Virginia. Governor Northam if you I guess couple of months ago now called for the construction of this wind farm because it's his intention to help Virginia developed into the center of the offshore wind industry along the East Coast and that's a challenge that we embrace. And he specifically said that he recognized that there may be some who want to push back on that, whether it was necessary required or a good thing for Virginia that he was going to work very hard to ensure that public policy and regulatory supports in place to carry out this plan. And it was only after those statements that we went ahead with our announcements, the full deployment. Although we had been working obviously because we filed for the PJM interconnection agreement. So there's obviously a process in front of us, we are highly confident that it will be carried out to fruition. There is a lot of public support from this for this project, including from political leaders on both sides of the political fence, both Democrats and Republicans want to see this thing happen. So we have, obviously there are long way to go on it, but we have high confidence level in it going forward. It'll be the only offshore wind farm in Federal Waters. It will not be visible from the shoreline. So you don't have any of these visual impacts of concern people. Environmental community is very supportive of the project going forward. The economic development people In Tidewater, Virginia are very supportive of this going forward. So, obviously, we don't have any guarantees of that Steve but we have a very high confidence level in the outcome.
Thomas Farrell: Well, let me just give you a macro answer, Julien. And the folks who got the promotions are in the room, they heard your congratulations. On a macro base and I'll turn over to Paul Koonce. We are very concerned here about customer rates. It's something we focused on all the time. And because our goal is to ensure that our customer rate stays very competitive, well below national averages below the regional averages, they are now and we intend for them to stay that way including with the construction of this wind farm. So we will be working very hard with the fabricators, developers, installers. We will be the operators to ensure that we get the cost down as low as we can as we go ahead, which will be important for everybody involved helping us with the project. So with that, I'll turn it over to Paul.
Thomas Farrell: Julien, as mentioned, we've got $1.1 billion in total in our five-year plan as we walk through in March and for now that's the number.
Thomas Farrell: Greg, I don't think we're trying to imply that we think the permit is slipped. What we're trying to say is, even if it does, work still on the schedule and cost.
Thomas Farrell: Sure. We announced the South Carolina the SCANA merger, I guess late in, I guess it was 2017. And then spent the year 2018 going through the process and it was a relatively hot political climate in South Carolina over because the SCANA and Santee Cooper’s cancellation of the expansion of the summer business plans. We went through that whole process very transparently, answered all the questions, went to all the meetings. And then, as we closed the transaction, we said to policymakers that our intention was to stay out of the headlines through our blocking and tackling provide reliable service, both gas and electric at reasonable and much reduced electric rates and just be part of the community.  That was our goal. And that's exactly what's happened in the State of South Carolina. Things are very moving along very well there, progressing well. We're out of the headlines except when we do things in the communities we serve, including the extraordinarily prompt restoration of the loss of electricity for 40% of our customers got all their lights back in three days. All that helps, the community understand their new neighbor. We will be filing a rate case next year, we are under earning in South Carolina, it’s well known to everybody and we're formulating and completing that regulatory strategy now but we will be filing in IT May.
Thomas Farrell: Before May 1 of 2020. Now I'm sorry, in North Carolina. We have a rate case file in North  Carolina, we have settled all but one or two, we consider them to be relatively small issues got agreed on 9.75% ROE, very constructive regulatory environment and economic development environment in North Carolina.
Thomas Farrell: No, we have a long history of working with whatever parties in the majority in whatever the two houses, Democratic Governors, Republican Governors, Democratic leaders and Republican leaders, so not to expect any changes to our plan.
Paul Koonce: Thanks, Tom. Shahriar, good morning. As Tom mentioned, we've been at this for quite some time. We expect, as Tom mentioned in his prepared remarks, to file the construction and operating permit about this time next year. We’ve got ample time to get the BOEM permit in place in order to meet the first phase construction. We will be starting the work now, the ocean mapping, the geotech work, the environmental studies, and that will take place over the course of 2020. And having, as Tom mentioned, having just gone through it on the CVOW project, well that was a research area permit and this is a commercial and operating permit. The process is identical, that we know the stakeholders, we know the process and we feel really pretty good about it. I'll ask Jim to comment on financing.
Paul Koonce: Shah, you have linked quite a few things into one question there, good job. Look the offshore wind, what that does to our guidance, I mean, it's beyond our five-year planning horizon. So, the spending and any associated earnings as I just walked through the $1.1 billion including the pilot, I mean that’s in our plan, it’s in our earnings guidance. There are no changes for now on that front. On the VRP, you are right, that is kind of done and dusted earlier this year. We talked about that as being a savings of, call it, $0.05 to $0.06 this year maybe double that on a full run rate next year and diminishing over time as it's given back to customers. So that -- we talked about that as being available savings to offset unforeseen headwinds, and that's still the case. But as an update this year, as you know, the vast majority of our business, 95% of our business is not commodity exposed in any way, the 5% that's not regulated, regulated like it is. And within that 5% of our operating earnings, there's a couple things. One is obviously the gas commodity environment is weak, and our business is largely immune to that. We have a little bit of exposure, mostly around our single remaining processing plant, which is in West Virginia, and that's a little bit of a headwind as those businesses go from like very small to even smaller this year. So that is a little bit of headwind, well materially though, this farm-out program that has been very successful as you know, Shar, this is monetizing acreage and mineral resources, blow our storage field. We announced that program in early 2015. And we give guidance to the end of the decade of $450 million to $500 million of pre-tax earnings. And we've been taking along that kind of like clockwork, we’re 75% through that, that guidance. But given the pricing, given the commodity environment and the pricing that's available to us today, we're choosing not to transact on a farm-out this year. And we're going to, we're going to hold that acreage, net value for farm-out transactions in future periods when there's an improvement in the commodity pricing environment. So what that means is obviously we just reiterated our guidance in the midpoint. So that means we've overcome any unforeseen headwind previously unforeseen related to our decision, not to transact on a farm-out this year. So that is basically the VRP savings which we're using it pretty much as we described, we would. VRP savings and other initiatives to overcome that decision. So no change to our guidance, those are the parts.
Paul Koonce: Thanks, Tom. Good morning, Julien. Again, just to follow up on Tom's comments about costs, I think that's one of the key reasons why we broke the project up in three phases, so that we could continue to let the supply chain mature, let the costs continue to come down, so that the impact rates are minimized. Just in terms of ITC, and safe harboring, of course as you know in order to qualify for ITC, a treatment for an offshore wind farm you have to begin in construction this year. We're looking at that, we don't have anything to comment about that, but we're aware of that timing. There may be some things that we can do to safe harbor certain of those costs. So we're before more to come on that in 2020. In terms of plans and filings we're not as Tom said, we're going to file for the BOEM application this time next year. We're not prepared to say exactly when we're going to file for the SEC application. But I can tell you that we will be conducting many public meetings over the course of 2020. As we make the environmental assessment, obviously, marine lives, plant and birds, we will be doing ocean mapping and will be doing geotech analysis or sub-service analysis. So you will begin to see all that sort of play out in 2020. And I think that will be a good way to sort of pace when we might expect to make an SEC filing.
Paul Koonce: Julien, this is Paul. The GTSA finds that offshore wind is in the public interest. Now the SEC  process is well known whether they and how they conduct a market test anytime, we build generation for the benefit of our ratepayers, there's a certain process that we follow and that's the process we know well and we'll just step to that when that time comes.
Diane Leopold: Yes, when we looked at it, I think you haven't exactly right. When we gave guidance earlier this year, we looked at a lot of different scenarios and a lot of different contingencies to try to capture a variety of outcomes, including going to the Supreme Court, including when we would restart construction. And so just given looking at the different segments of the pipeline, we feel comfortable with that, we are well within what we've incorporated for both cost and schedule at this point.
Diane Leopold: Yes, this is Diane Leopold again, I won't get into the actual expected project returns, I will tell you, as Tom said, in the actual script, the customers very much need this pipeline for regional security, for their own customers needs. This is clearly a demand driven pipeline. And we are in very constructive negotiations with the customer for fair rates to their customers as well as fair returns for us and more comfortable with the returns that we’ll get for the pipeline.
Diane Leopold: Yes, I won't disclose anything in the contract, but it's basically negotiating cost increases up to the current anticipated level.
