Robert Blue: Yes. So Shar, you're right. The back and forth was expected. It's a regulatory proceeding. There's always a bit ask there. What I would say though is if you look at our rebuttal testimony and we were of this view when we filed the case, but I feel even stronger as now all the testimony is in, we have a very strong case on offshore wind. The legislation, the Virginia Clean Economy Act lays out the parameters for spending that is presumed prudent and we've clearly met all of those. And we showed in our rebuttal testimony under a variety of scenarios that this project is customer beneficial, particularly when you think about the updated PJM load forecast, which shows increased sales in Virginia.  So this project will help us meet that need. It will provide incredible economic benefits for the state. It is strongly supported, and we feel very comfortable with where we are on this as you recognize fully regulated offshore wind project.  On pricing. Yes, as you point out, there are portions of our contracts that have some indexes. They sort of move around but we contracted late last year, as you know, on these projects. And as we said in our prepared remarks, there's no change or update to budget or schedule on offshore wind. So we're still in what we believe was a very strong position we were in when we filed the case.
Robert Blue: We're a state-regulated pure-play utility, and we're interested in state-regulated projects like the one that we're doing in Virginia. That's our interest in offshore wind.
Robert Blue: Yes, Shar. I appreciate the fact that you -- every time we get a chance to see, you ask us about this. So that's good and I admire your consistency. And we'll give the same answer and try to be consistent as well, which is we like the assets that we have to deliver on the performance that we've laid out. We're very focused on execution.  I will note specifically with Millstone, as we've been saying for some time, there's -- we think Millstone is critical to Connecticut and the region achieving its decarbonization goals. And the Connecticut legislature just overwhelmingly passed a bill proposed by Governor Lamont [ph] for -- based on his executive order for zero carbon by 2040. And as you'll recall last year, the deep -- the Department of Energy and the Environment in Connecticut did a study on meeting that 2040 goal when it was executive order and showed that cases that keep Millstone in are hugely customer beneficial. So we think that Millstone is a really solid asset that has operated very well. But overall, we like the asset mix that we've got to achieve the goals that we've set out.
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve, as you know from our approach that we've taken on regulatory issues, if there's a way to find a constructive settlement, we're all in favor of that. This project has a litigated time line or a litigation time line that has a hearing set for a couple of weeks from now and then an order in early August. And that's obviously, the presumption on any regulated proceeding. If there were an opportunity to settle in a constructive way, we'd obviously do that. I expect you to hear that from every party to every litigated matter. But we've got a schedule and that's what we're following.
Robert Blue: Yes, Steve. Our data center customers are very sophisticated energy buyers. They understand market dynamics. So none of this. They're obviously -- given their own clean energy goals, given the sophistication of their operations, they certainly understand what's going on in the market here.
Robert Blue: Yes. I mean I can't -- there's not a lot of specifics that I would say, but it just gives us more confidence as you're sort of narrowing what they're looking at. I think there was some lack of clarity on that at first and that helps. So directionally positive. I can't identify that there's a particular specific number that it changes for us.
Robert Blue: Yes, Jeremy, I'll start and Diane could add any color, if necessary. But if you look, our CE2, Clean Energy II filing that was just approved was slightly higher prices than our Clean Energy I filing that had been approved a year before. And we'll file again for our third round later this year. And that was approved. The commission looked at the cost inputs associated with that and approved that filing.  So we're not -- we have not had specific conversations with the commission about this, but we'll -- we file the next round of solar, it will be on a similar kind of scale as what we filed before. And to the extent that there are some additional cost pressures, we'll show why they're there.  I do think it's important to understand that we've got a statute in Virginia, the Clean Economy Act, that calls for us to file for solar every year and hit those targets that are set out in the statute. And I think there's an understanding by all the parties there. And we still see solar as a very good value for our customers as we think about the overall clean energy transition.  So we'll do the next filing. We're obviously well underway with working through the pieces of that. We'll have that filing done later this year, but we're still very much on track.
Robert Blue: Yes. Certainly, things that we look at. Obviously, we have a grid transformation program underway. That'll be a decade long. Strategic undergrounding is an important part of that, being able to sectionalize lines more quickly and isolate faults and restore service without as much human intervention will be part of it. Some of the just basics of bigger poles, stronger conductor will also help. So yes, we've got programs underway that we will continue and always look for ways that we can cost effectively strengthen our system for customers.
