Thomas Farrell: The Mt. Storm-Doubs line is included in the $10.2 billion program we've previously announced, and that will run around $350 million to $400 million.
Thomas Farrell: We'll have to obviously get permission from -- first, it has to be included in the PJM plan, then we'll seek permission here in Virginia.
Thomas Farrell: First off, I think one of the things you said was incorrect from our viewpoint. We believe that '12 will be 5% to 6% growth over '11. So when we had been talking about the dividend payout ratio recommendation -- let's go back in time a little bit. In 2007, when we announced the sale of the E&P business and our legislature re-regulated in Virginia, we thought we could sustain a 55% payout ratio. Under those circumstance, we would work our way to that by 2010, which we achieved this year. As we decided to sell the rest of our E&P business, reducing the commodity exposure by an additional 20%, and looking out with what our regulated growth plans were, the way the PJM markets were looking at -- the PJM was looking at the Virginia growth rate, et cetera, we believed that the appropriate target for our earnings mix was closer to 75% to 80% regulated. And that the peer group there was more of a 65% dividend payout ratio. So the target became, by '12, 65%. 2011, as we've said since May, and as Mark just reiterated, it's going to be -- we expect lower earnings next year than this year because of the decline in the merchant business margins. That's exacerbated by the five large outages we have in our merchant fleet in '11, three nuclear refueling outages. As you can see from our hedging program in New England, '12, it's flat to '11. So the decline in the merchant margins should -- well, it's going to be greatly reduced, if not eliminated, in '12. And the underlying 7% to 8% growth in the regulated businesses will no longer be dampened by the decline in the merchant margins. Looking at all of those pieces combined and along with our decision to slow down the development in North Anna, allows us to pay a 65% dividend payout. We're looking through '11 because we know the plans are there. And so '11 should be about a 62.5% payout over the midpoint of this $3, $3.30 range, which will allow continued growth in the dividend payout in '12. And then we expect 5% and 6% growth ongoing, '13 through '15, based on the $10.2 billion worth of growth capital that we've explained starting earlier this call.
Thomas Farrell: We don't ever discuss, really, the volumes through Cove Point. That's our customers' business. And we have contracts. We expect them to be adhered, too. But we have customers, we listen to our customers. But we don't really discuss the volumes through Cove Point.
Thomas Farrell: Well, I'm not sure I have any better information than anybody else on that. But I think most people believe that President Obama's recommendation on the dividend taxation policy will be adopted, whether it's done in the lame duck session or early next year. As far as what goes on with the EPA, just I don't really have a comment on that at this point. EEI has been working very hard on that. We'll be talking about that at the financial conference next week.
Mark McGettrick: Hugh, this is Mark. Just a couple of comments around that. One, as you look out quarter-to-quarter, make sure you take into consideration, too, that we had E&P earnings in the third quarter of last year, and we have no E&P earnings.
Mark McGettrick: That's correct. We also had an unusual storm restoration period in the third quarter of this year; we did not last year. So adjusting for those two. More specifically to your comment, we've said for some time that our regulated growth business has strong trajectory going forward and that we're bottoming out in terms of a decline in our merchant generation business from '10 to '11 into '12. So I think the way you look at it is correct, but we see the merchant generation business reaching a bottom. And based on current forwards, we should see some recovery going forward on the merchant business.
Mark McGettrick: Michael, this is Mark. We don't have a specific time frame where we say we're not going to do it or not. We're very focused on the power markets and what the impact of the new environmental rules may have, particularly CATR [Clean Air Transport Rule], in '11 and 12 as we look at those. And we're in the market every day for coal. So obviously, the dark spreads are compressed on coal units right now, and we're more cautiously hedging than we have in the past. But we don't have, really, a line at saying that, at this point or at this level, we stay away. We anticipate what our runtime capacity is going to be every day at each going forward, and if we see the spreads being attractive, we'll go ahead and hedge and continue to average in.
Mark McGettrick: The markets are totally different, both the coal markets and the power markets. The spreads have been more attractive to us in the Midwest going out based on the price of PRB coal and the power prices. And in the Northeast, central App and Columbian coal, which is essentially what we burn there, they've been carrying a fairly high price. So we believe chances are better they will come down as opposed to go up. And so we think we'll take a more conservative and have taken a more conservative approach in NEPOOL versus what we do at State Line.
Mark McGettrick: Yes, thank you. Just a reminder that Our Form 10-Q is expected to be filed with the SEC later today, and our year end 2010 quarterly earnings release is scheduled for January 28. Thank you for joining us this morning.
