Jim Chapman: Thanks, Steve. Good morning. Dominion Energy reported first quarter 2019 operating earnings of $1.10 per share compared to our guidance range of $1.05 to $1.25 per share. Otherwise strong performance across our businesses was impacted by unusually mild weather in Virginia and South Carolina, which reduced utility earnings by about $0.06 per share. As a general indicator, heating degree days were 5% and 19% below normal in Virginia and South Carolina respectively. Various initiatives, primarily in power delivery and power generation were successful in offsetting some of this headwind and when adjusted for utility weather of $0.06, operating earnings for the quarter were $1.16 per share, which is above the midpoint of our guidance range. Operating segment performance for the first quarter is shown on slide 4. GAAP earnings for the quarter are negative $0.86 per share, which were driven primarily by the expected charges related to SCANA merger commitments and the early retirement of certain cold reserve Virginia utility-generating units. Slide 5 highlights the pretax drivers of adjustments to reported earnings. A reconciliation of operating earnings to reported earnings can be found on schedule two of the earnings release kit. On March 25, we held two sessions for investors that provided updates on capital investment, earnings and dividend growth outlook, financing plans, expense control initiatives, as well as the first-of-its-kind sustainability and ESG-focused sessions, highlights of which are shown on slide 6. It is worth noting that we continue to have full confidence in the earnings growth and other targets we've highlighted during those meetings. We are very happy with the in-person and online attendance and thank all of those who were able to participate and provided feedback following the event. Please note that the meeting materials including the webcast replay continue to be available on our website, which we encourage all to review thoroughly. Also during this quarter, we continue to be engaged across a number of important though less public initiatives as follows: First, as announced at our Investor Day, we are preparing to restructure our reporting segments, a meaningful change to the way we manage our businesses and report their financial performance. We continue to forecast that this transition will take until late 2019 to complete. The Alternate Breakdown Structure or ABS, provides a preliminary view of our future intended reporting segment results and will be posted shortly after this call to our Investor Relations website. The ABS, which is not reflective of how we currently manage our business, is not intended to replace Dominion Energy's current operating segment disclosures. Second, progress is being made on our flat O&M and voluntary retirement program initiatives discussed at the end of March. We're very intentionally combing through each of our segments, all of our assets in every location to identify opportunities to embrace technology, increase efficiency, improve business processes, and enhance the customer experience. Results of the voluntary retirement program discussed at our Investor Day, including response rates from eligible employees an assessment of backfill needs and financial impacts are still being quantified although I would note that preliminary response rate was robust. We expect to be able to quantify these results on the next quarter's call. Moving now to operating earnings guidance on slide 7. As usual, our operating earnings guidance ranges assume normal weather variations from which could cause results to be towards the top or the bottom of these guidance ranges. For the second quarter, we are initiating guidance of $0.70 to $0.80 per share. Positive factors as compared to last year include growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs as well as a contribution from the Southeast Energy Group. Negative factors as compared to last year include Millstone refueling outage timing, the impact of 2018 asset sales, share issuances and a return to normal weather. We're also affirming our expectation for full year 2019 operating earnings per share between $4.05 and $4.40. Positive 2019 full year drivers relative to last year, include the growth from regulated investment across electric and gas utility programs, contribution from the Southeast Energy Group, a full year of Cove Point Liquefaction operations at run-rate production levels and expense control initiatives. Negative drivers relative to last year are expected to include the impact of the 2018 non-core assets sales, share issuances and a return to normal weather. Finally, we also reiterate our long-term EPS growth expectations of approximately 5% per year through 2020 and 5% plus thereafter. I'll now turn the call over to Tom.
Jim Chapman: Good morning. Yes. Thanks for that. We do look forward to providing more update on the second quarter in particular as it relates to our voluntary retirement program which we announced at our Investor Day on March 25. But there really are two parts of this. One is a continuation that what we've been talking about since the last call, which is a flat O&M initiative and which is across our business segments. And that really relates to a large number of small improvements across as I mentioned in my prepared remarks every segment, every location, every asset: leaning in on technology opportunities finding better business processes et cetera. That flat O&M is on a normalized basis. And by that I mean that some of the savings will fall to the bottom line. And some of that in particular as it relates to the rider O&M, for example, accretes to the benefit of the customer. But we do expect flat O&M to be a driver for the foreseeable future on a bottom-line basis for our earnings per share growth. For the voluntary retirement plan, there are a lot of moving parts there. As I mentioned, we had a robust response from our employees to the option we provided them. I mentioned at Analyst Day that in the last iteration of this kind of program at Dominion which was long ago 2010, we had roughly a 10% acceptance rate from all of our employees. So, what we've done this time is we've offered the same type of program to union and non-union employees where they have the ability to retire and receive their accrued retirement benefits whatever they may be in addition to severance which is in line with policy which could be in various cases up to 12 months of severance. So, the way that will work is the severance payment will likely be treated as a one-time item, but the resulting savings in lower O&M cost from the VRP will begin to be recognized in our operating earnings starting soon after the second quarter.
Jim Chapman: Yes. The VRP which we started to talk about in public a month ago or so that is additive to the flat O&M initiative. But it is within our earnings guidance and stands ready to overcome any unexpected headwinds or things like $0.06 of weather that we incurred in the first quarter. It is a positive, but it's within the guidance range for the year.
Jim Chapman: Morning. Michael I don't believe the safe harboring really applies in our case. I mean we're pretty quick to transact on these construction projects in Virginia as they arrive. So, safe harboring is not really a factor in our case in Virginia.
Jim Chapman: And Michael just to reiterate what we outlined at the Analyst Day was a run rate ITC recognition of about of 10% to 15% -- $0.10 to $0.15, I'm sorry, per year which is not really a significant increase from where we were last year. And really 100% of that is related to what Paul just discussed. This kind of investment on behalf non-jurisdictional customers in Virginia that PPA structure that helps us in part achieve the 3000-megawatt commitment we've made in Virginia by 2022.
Jim Chapman: Paul, if I could add. Angie, it's Jim. You mentioned in your question the CapEx, which this program primarily is O&M expense very little of it is actually capital costs, so it's not a major earnings driver for us. And most of the activity and accounting space related to this new legislation is just in the balance sheet not impacting the income statement recognition of an ARO and a regulatory asset.
Jim Chapman: Got it. Abe, it's Jim. Sorry for the interruption. Yes there's no material change to our plans for our financing for the year. As we mentioned on our fourth quarter call, we do plan to replace the maturing -- converting existing $1.4 billion mandatory convert that we'll issue in 2016. Those plans are on track for the year and we're going to be opportunistic based on market conditions kind of through the summer period. Based on that knowing the exact timing of that, but also the exact size what we've said is around the size of the one that's converting, which is $1.4 billion, which is still is our expectation again depending on market conditions. On Cove, we have lots of time there. So as you know late last year, we put in place $3 billion of basically plain-vanilla non-recourse bank debt. So the cost of that is attractive. It's below 4% right now. It's non-amortizing. It's prepayable at any time and there are two-and-a-half years roughly left on the tenure. So we have lots of options on how to refinance that, but we also have lots of time. So no specific guidance on that activity, but plenty of flexibility based on what we did late last year.
Jim Chapman: Yes, let me address that. Good morning. It's Jim. Let me address that and then more generally, the sculpting of our expected earnings through the year. We do expect positive impacts -- again we haven't baked the numbers yet on the VRP element, but some positive impact this year to our operating earnings from our O&M initiatives, including our voluntary retirement program. The pension headwind was really something we highlighted as a short-term change between basically EEI on first of the year, but that modest impact which was about $0.04 change based on market activity in that short time period. That has been baked into our expectations for the year and is unchanged. Those pension assumptions that drive the accounting are revisited, as you know, basically every December 31. So no change before the clock turns at the end of this year. But let me give a little more guidance on -- a little more granular detail on the sculpting of our earnings through the year and I gave Greg a somewhat curt response that we do still target and expect the midpoint of our range for the year. But admittedly our earnings profile is back-end dated. And that's not something new to us. I know, we've just released our second quarter earnings guidance this morning, but this is, as we expected, other than the impact of the $0.06 of the weather headwind in the first quarter. So just to walk you through that, it's a little more than you asked. But Q1 $1.10, the midpoint of our Q2 guidance range $0.70 to $0.80 is $0.75, so $1.85, add in $0.06 of weather you get to $1.91. So comparing it to last year $1.91 is $0.09 less than $2, which is where we were during the first two quarters of last year. So, clearly, the earnings growth for the year, even aside from the weather headwind, is in the second half. And there are few reasons for that. Actually, there a number of reasons for that this year. One is the timing of the Millstone outage, which last year was in 3Q. This year's in 2Q. That's one thing that kind of pushes up on our second half contribution this year versus last. There's a full year of Cove Point contribution at run rate production levels, which means without some of the ramp-up costs that last year we had budgeted and experienced in the last three quarters. There's still some improvement there, this year versus last, not only in the first quarter. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, there's growth in regulated investment across electric and gas utilities, through the year which it accretes. There some timing of ITC and farm-outs to the year, this year versus last. And then, the last thing is, if we're -- there's more to come and we'll provide some more guidance on the second quarter call. As what, you mentioned, the operating expense initiatives: the continuation of flat O&M, but also the impact to operating earnings of our voluntary retirement program. So, overall, we're on track, but certainly are heavier in the second half of this year versus the first half, in particular, as compared to 2018.
Tom Farrell: Greg, I'll start the answer. And Diane, can fill in any details. The Transco backhaul solution is not a solution, does not meet our customers' needs on any kind of long-term basis. Our customers need infrastructure from a different supply basin. For example, the state of North Carolina has exactly one pipeline that serves the entire state, Transco. That's why the policy-makers in North Carolina ask for additional gas infrastructure to be built into North Carolina that is not Transco. It's in addition to Transco's lines. We have full confidence in the biological opinion case. The Forest Service follow the guidelines that were given to them by the court and completed that reissuing of the biological opinion. And so we'll see what happens, but we believe we'll be under construction in the third quarter. Diane you can answer additional points on the timing.
Tom Farrell: It's a very perceptive question. I think we need to just stand pat with what we've said about Atlantic Coast Pipeline Supply Header for now. We're working through the process. As Greg Gordon mentioned a few minutes ago, it's been a very frustrating process. But we are winding our way through it. Calendar is slipping and we're making progress. We believe that the Solicitor General will join us in this appeal no guarantee of that. We believe that he will that has a very high percentage of acceptance by the Supreme Court. When that occurs – and that'll take some additional time and there are other avenues that we just feel it's better not to talk about right at the moment.
Tom Farrell: No I understand. There are a lot of possibilities, Angie. That is one. And what we may or may not have considered some years ago I'll just -- I'll leave for after we have finished our court arguments for -- after we finish with the courts on all these issues and/or get our solutions. We'll be happy to talk through with folks all the process we went through over these last few years. There -- as I've said, there are lots of alternatives. And we just don't think it's useful at this time to talk about them. I appreciate the frustration level. Believe me. One thing Greg said about how he thinks the investor community is as frustrated as we are, I'm not sure that that's a possibility.
Paul Koonce: Yes. Michael this is Paul Koonce. The earnings impact I mean when we think about Safe Harbor -- as Jim said I mean we're bringing these contracts to market. We're not really sort of in a position to build a backlog of contracts because the need is immediate. Tom announced the Facebook transaction. We have a number of others that are in the pipeline. And as soon as we can get those contracts finalized then we'll be announcing and bringing those contracts to service.
Paul Koonce: Yes. Michael, this is Paul Koonce. We committed to the Governor last year to develop 3,000 megawatts to have that either in service or in development by 2022. The Grid Transformation & Security Act also calls on us to purchase 25% of that amount from third parties. So the way we think about it, 75% of the 3000 megawatts that we've committed will be Dominion-owned. Now that will be a combination of both rate-based solar like US-3 that was just approved by the Commission and it will include bilateral agreements with customers such as Facebook or others. So it'll be a combination of those two. I would expect that, you would see somewhere on the order of 250 to 500 megawatts, a year for the developed and that will allow us to achieve our commitment to the Governor.
Paul Koonce: Well, they do. Those that are in rate base obviously have a earnings profile over the life of the agreement. So in that regard, I think it's good for our customers and it's good for our shareholders. The bilateral agreements that we enter into as you know bring with it ITC income, which tends to kind of weight the income to the early part of the period so different earnings profile, different customer needs. But we are engaged to doing both.
Paul Koonce: Angie, this is Paul Koonce. So we work collaboratively with all the local communities as well as the legislative and executive leadership on the solution. Cap and close in place was something that did not seem to be -- while it was federally approved by the Obama administration, it was not something that our local communities wanted. So the solution that we came up with was on-site landfilling. Now, one reason we think it is probably more supported in Virginia than North Carolina is Dominion relatively has a small coal ash issue to deal with. Our 27 million metric tons is small compared to Duke and small compared to others. So we believe that we have a good solution for the local communities. It's something that is supported by the legislation and supported by the executive branch. So we look forward to getting that work started as soon as the bill takes effect on July 1. We already have the land, so it will be a matter of basically moving the ash into a landfill on the existing site.
