Mark F. McGettrick: Hi, Julien, this is Mark. And if we say neutral, we've run a number of different cases, some would be positive, some would be slightly negative. And I guess, we've taken the approach today that no one knows what's going to happen with taxes. And so instead of giving some range out in terms of probabilities, we took a neutral stance. But the key drivers for us, and remember, our mix is different in a lot of truly regulated companies, but the tax rate obviously is a key component on where that lands. Interest deductibility is a very large component for us because of our unregulated fleet, and the amount of current interest that we deduct, normalization, practices and our regulated operations, we operate in many, many states and day-one expensing. So, taking each one individually, they could have a positive or slightly negative impact, some greater than others, but because they – some of these may change or be offset, we think at this point, the best decision for us is to stay neutral until we get some additional clarity out of Congress.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think, today, I would see a breakdown where debt repayment at the parent of between now and 2020 would probably fall in the range of $3 billion to $4 billion, and the remainder of the $7 billion would go to either share repurchases, support growth, dividend support, but that's kind of the breakdown that I look at right now.
Mark F. McGettrick: We have some tax strategies that we are planning to put in place. And remember as you think about this, the basis of Cove Point is going to be very high when it drops in. So, it's not like a traditional legacy pipeline asset. But we have factored taxes into our assumptions going forward and we're comfortable with the cash flows we quoted coming back to the parent.
Mark F. McGettrick: No. I think the drivers Greg, is more – the drivers are pretty straightforward 2017, 2018, Cove obviously is there, one fewer Millstone outage. We try to adjust these growth rates and guidance range to current commodity decks out there on power and also on gas. So I think the growth drivers should be pretty clear. The other thing I'd emphasize, again, and we talked about it earlier. We've actually talked about for about year now. We are purposely stepping down our ITC reliance, so that we get to a very low normal run rate. We've used ITCs for a number of years here to help support earnings during a large capital spend program. And we are not going to be in that business any big way in 2018 and beyond.
Mark F. McGettrick: The only thing we've factored into our growth rate and for 2018 is a very modest increase in power prices in the Northeast just because we think they're extraordinarily low right now. It was not a reflection of any legislative effort that would be out there, but just a – on a normal slow recovery in the Northeast on power.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, this is Mark. No, it's not really the ACP delay, although obviously ACP versus previous estimates were being lower 2019 as the build out occurs and be stronger or I guess equivalent, I should say, in 2020. But there's a couple of things to think about there. And when I referenced to Greg earlier, that we kind of reset the commodity deck here, that is a reference to really two parts of our business, obviously the power vis-à-vis which everybody – there is real clarity on that. But the second is gas and oil prices that might impact our business, in particular at Blue Racer. Blue Racer's contribution versus previous estimates are going to be down significantly based on current oil and gas outlook; that can change, it could go up, but we wanted to normalize that in this growth rate. Also the contributions at Hastings, our small processing plant that is housed within DTI, their contributions are also down from previous expectations based on the same liquids pricing events that are out there. So, again to set up, taking a very bullish recovery in commodities, we pretty much looked at the strip, and if your outlook is that – that is conservative based on the recovery of economy, and E&P and others, that could well happen. But those are the two biggest drivers in the 2019 and 2020 timeframe than what we would have talked about previously.
Mark F. McGettrick: There has been improvements, certainly in the basin two between South Point and Henry, but we've seen a little bit of an incremental activity in Blue Racer. But it's going to be a slow recovery there, I think, to a more normal rate than we thought two years or so ago in the Southern Utica. So we put out a growth – anticipated growth a couple of years ago for Blue Racer. I'd reference you to those numbers, but it's going to be significantly less than that based on what we're seeing currently over the next two or three years.
Mark F. McGettrick: No I – the way I look at it, Steve is if you look typically, what those folks have done. The way, we look at it, if you look at the midpoint of our range. We see it of – 2017 I should say, we would see at least 10% growth of the midpoint of 2017. And you are right, we do give fairly wide ranges and that is mainly because we have been so weather sensitive the last five years that it can move in off a lot based on weather in Virginia and Ohio for us, but – but that's how I would do the math, midpoint-to-midpoint.
Mark F. McGettrick: Let me see, if I can help you a little bit on that. We look at the strip and we have a very small amount of growth annually off the current strip that's out there in the Northeast. So it's not material to our estimates, it's a few percent a year, the lift in power price. Again, we don't know if it would be more than that or less than that. But we've gone through this for two years now and power prices have not recovered to a level that were in expectations, and we were able to cover those other ways. What we've tried to do here is to say, we've taken a market look of what's out there and we've just taken a very conservative upside to that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Angie, this is Mark. We have no estimate to give you, the legislation is not even out of committee. And the exact structure is still evolving, I think, so we don't have any estimate or even a probability at this point whether there'll be success in Connecticut. We would hope there would be, but we don't have a number today at all.
Mark F. McGettrick: We haven't specifically allocated in 2018, 2019 or 2020, which is when we think Cove Point will be dropped over the three-year period. The exact amount that would go between supporting organic growth, share repurchase and dividends. But, on the dividend side, the math is fairly straightforward. There will be a modest amount, but it'll be the amount that allows us to grow our dividend at a level that doesn't burden our regulated entities beyond the 65% to 70% payout ratio. So, that's a few hundred million dollars. Beyond that, we'll have to see what the opportunities are, Angie, before I can tell you specifically how much the share repurchase versus organic. But, again, it will be a split between that, and as we get closer to the period, we'll go ahead and give clarity.
Mark F. McGettrick: Right now, we're anticipating staggering in over a few years. And, a lot of that will depend I think on a couple of things. One is there a need for cash at the parent in a particular period that might change that. Second, how are the other assets in DM performing, which we expect to perform quite well, could move that around a little bit. But what I would do for your modeling purposes is I would take the exact amount of EBITDA necessary to grow 22% in 2018, 2019, 2020 off the existing EBITDA stream that's currently there, and back into how the split will occur. And I think what you'll find is that we don't need but a very small drop in 2018 and probably an equal level between 2019 and 2020. So that's how we're thinking about it now, but that could change based on opportunity out there.
Mark F. McGettrick: We will certainly take back some units as part of the drop. A lot of that will be determined by tax planning and market access but based on our last drop or I should say or – I guess our first drop of Questar Pipeline, we can access the market at a very high level and it looks like a very favorable rate. So we would expect only the minimum amount to anticipate any tax issues that may occur out there in terms of units back.
Mark F. McGettrick: Okay. I think realistically, once all Cove Point is dropped in, it's – there is no preferred value to it at all. So probably, it becomes common, but we haven't really talked about that. Until it's all dropped in, a differentiation is probably important, but and after it's all in, I'm not sure there is a need for that.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, right now, we're looking at kind of a normal customer driven run rate of about $0.10 a share from ITCs starting in 2018.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Yes. We have – the board is fully aware of these statements we have been making since the fall that we expect to – starting in 2018, to have a dividend growth rate higher than 8%. So we would – our normal policy would be go back later in the year to talk to them about next year's dividend policy, but they are very aware and supportive of dividend growth rate higher than 8% starting next year.
Thomas F. Farrell II: There is a – good morning. What we've heard is more through the regulatory process in Massachusetts, but yes.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Similar, as we understand it, I mean, all of this is in development, but it's similar – it would be a similar approach to what Connecticut is considering, which unlike some of the other states is not a – some people are describing the other states and subsidies, I'll leave that to others to discuss, but Connecticut is clearly not, it's up to the – it is a opportunity for us to fit into their clean energy program, and compete with other clean energy sources. Connecticut – Millstone Power Station provides over half of Connecticut's power and it has – you can obviously see for the 20% lower prices we're getting for this year than we got last year, it's been under some pressure. And – but we're hopeful that things will improve there.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Steve, some of them, I think actually has been – a lot of interests starting really this – at the end of last year and this year throughout. We really think of it as three different areas. The West and our traditional Mid-Atlantic. I mean, Mid – Appalachian Basin area. And now it is more Southeastern situation with what we have in North – in South Carolina for example. They will start layering in – for new projects we'll start layering in 1919, 1920 and 1921. So they're going to be spaced out. There will be some in 1918. There will be some in 1919, 1920 and 1921. It depends on what – how quickly we sign them up. Some will be longer, and more capital and some will be shorter and less capital. So I would – they will come out – they will – as you would traditionally see, we announced them as we sign them. And we will have projects that will come in in 2018, we already talked about those today, we have more in 2019, more in 2020, more in 2021, more in 2022. And by expanding our gas infrastructure footprint, we have expanded the opportunities.
Thomas F. Farrell II: No. Just to backup, we're – we expect the units to come online, be ready for commercial operations late this year. The capacity and outlook is all entirely – is owned by the shippers. We have capacity contracts, take-or-pay contracts on those. So once its operational, we will be receiving our payments for capacity, and that will be up to the shippers to – to take the cargos.
Thomas F. Farrell II: We're doing quite well with Atlantic Coast Pipeline. The draft environmental impact statement came out as scheduled under the scheduling order. It's quite positive, as I mentioned earlier. And it's obviously there for anybody to see. It had about 85 potential conditions in it, number like that, which I think is fewer than we had at Cove Point actually, for a much longer pipeline. So, we were – FERC had done a very thorough analysis, but we had done a lot of – we had done a lot of very thorough work before filing everything, that any major reroutes were already all scoped out before the draft environmental impact statement came out. Comment period is underway. Public hearings will be heard starting at the end of this month. It will all be wrapped up in early March. So we don't see any hurdles to getting our final EIS out in June as it's scheduled. There's an issue, I know, people may have with the going down the two FERC commissioners here over the next I guess about a week or a few days. We don't – need to have a full complement or a quorum at FERC until summer time to be on our schedule. So I'm highly confident that the president will appoint folks by then, they will confirmed by the Senate and seated. So, we think, it's going extremely well, we've signed our construction contract. It's all taken into account all the changes that were necessary as a part of the rerouting through the mountains and the forests, the National Forest. So all in all, ACP is going extremely well.
Thomas F. Farrell II: We had – continue to have significant amount of interest in the farm-outs. Just to refresh you, I think we're about 3/5 of the way through the program. When we announced it in the beginning of 2015, we said that we would have – I think the number was about $450 million over a five-year period. We have done about 3/5 of it already. We have a lot of interests. We're not in any hurry to do. We have – we'll do plenty of farm-outs over that period, we're going to get the right price for them. So we're being patient, but we have plenty of interest.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I'll answer that part of that question and I will turn it over to Paul Koonce. So your reference is to, I think is the – there's a legislation progressing through the Virginia General Assembly that makes it clear that life extensions of our Surry and North Anna Power Stations, these additional life extensions – license extensions would be subject to rider treatment. It's progressing particularly through the General Assembly. General Assembly adjourns for the year at the end of this month. And all it's doing is ensuring rider treatment for all those capital expenditures. With respect to new build, I think we said pretty consistently last few years, North Anna 3 is there as a possibility, an auction for us for Dominion, when and if, it becomes appropriate and is in the best interest of our customers to do so. I think it's quite clear that risk is less in doing life extensions than building new nuclear reactors as we've seen. But, I'll turn over the timing to Paul Koonce.
Paul D. Koonce: Good morning, Paul. Yeah, we – North Anna and Surry have operated terrifically over its life and we see the opportunity to spend probably in the order of $3 billion to $3.5 billion in just equipment upgrade. Right now, when we take an outage we perform a lot of maintenance. If we get the second license extension support then we might start replacing, not performing maintenance. So I think what you'll see is that beginning to take place in the 2018, 2019, 2020 and 2021 timeframe and even out into the decade. One of the things we'll have to look at is our traditional refueling outages, do we change the number of days to get more work done. So we're really looking at all of that now, but you should start to see that, provided the legislation, you should start to see that in our earnings in the 2019, 2020, 2021 timeframe.
Paul D. Koonce: Yeah, Paul, you noticed we took $122 million after-tax charge in the fourth quarter to revise our estimates, and really those estimate revisions were due to just additional water treatment at Bremo and Possum Point. Recall we have four sites that we are in the process of remediating Possum Point, Bremo, Chesterfield and Chesapeake. We are in the process of getting the solid waste permits, which will govern the final closure plan and the 30-year water monitoring requirements. So I would expect, over time, as we get those solid waste permits, we buy – need to make revisions. But again, in a relative basis, our coal ash mitigation is pretty small relative to others.
Paul D. Koonce: Well, we do have a rider recovery for active coal plants, and Chesterfield Power Station is an active coal plant, so we do expect the coal ash mitigation associated with Chesterfield will be recoverable.
