Mark F. McGettrick: Greg, this is Mark. I would say nothing in the last three months or four months. We still have the same targeted growth levels that we've talked about historically. But I would say that over the last six months or eight months, that power prices in the Northeast have been weak. We think they will recover as we move into 2017. But that's probably the one variable that's out there that has gotten more negative over the last six months or eight months.
Mark F. McGettrick: It'll all be done between now and close, except for the DM equity which I think I said on the last call that we have, as part of our bridge financing, taken out a one-year term loan that is effective at close for up to one year that gives us flexibility to access the DM marketplace when we want. But the rest of the financing will be completed between now and close.
Mark F. McGettrick: Jonathan, this is Mark. Obviously, we had a huge pick up on the Capacity Performance Auction, which we think a lot of people probably overlooked in both 2016 and 2017. The 2016 number on just Capacity Performance will be higher than it is in 2017, but when you combine that with node rolloffs, it will be about the same year-over-year. And if you add on top of that the Millstone capacity in 2017 over 2016, we will actually have an increase in our total income associated with capacity from 2016 to 2017 when you combine those three together. But we were a very, very large beneficiary. And as you reference, year-over-year it's $0.16 for Capacity Performance. It's $0.14 in the last six months and there's about $0.02 worth of incremental rolloff of nodes in the last six months. That brings you to your $0.16 total.
Mark F. McGettrick: On Capacity Performance specifically, the number is lower. But as I mentioned, if you combine all of our capacity resources, Millstone and node obligations, the number is actually higher.
Mark F. McGettrick: Remember how this capacity option works on PJM. You had to cover 60% of your load in the first year and I then think it was 70% of your load. So the opportunity on Capacity Performance will get smaller as you have to cover more of your load moving forward. So 2016 is the biggest year for that one single item and it starts to whittle down from there, but we're quite pleased with the result for us.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Steve. This is Mark. That is almost correct. The assumption, though, that you get the benefit for all of your generation is probably not correct. Each company would have to make a decision on how much they wanted to bid in that generation against their Capacity Performance and hedge their risk for any units that might not perform. So, we made that analysis and based on the generation we bid in covering our load requirements at 60% in the first year, that excess is the benefit that I referenced.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Michael. This is Mark. The program that was referenced was really an effort across all the businesses and the corporate support areas to drive decision-making to a lower level, eliminate layers of management, increase management control and make the decision-making really more efficient by having those fewer layers. So that was the focus. We took a charge of about $70 million pre-tax. I think it's $43 million after-tax. And those labor costs will be recouped as the employees move on and so you'll see a full year's benefit in 2017 and a partial benefit in 2016. In terms of ongoing O&M, we're targeting a flat to CPI growth on O&M going forward. It will probably be different year-by-year and the only thing that would change on that of significance would be the outage period for Millstone, we might have two outages versus one in a given year. But I look for us and for you to model a flat to CPI growth on O&M going forward.
Mark F. McGettrick: Sales weather-normalized for the quarter were down about a little over 1%. We have an annual expectation of a 1% positive sales growth for the year. We still feel pretty good about that. So that was a net for the first quarter. April seems solid and supporting the 1% growth. And we had actually pretty strong growth in all sectors but residential. I would add, as I always do on sales, is when you're coming and comparing to a very significant weather season, we had a very strong first quarter of 2015 on weather and a light 2016, and so the weather normalization process is not penny accurate. That's why we think 1% growth is still a good assumption for us. Also recall at 1% growth year-over-year, it only equates to about $0.04 a share or $0.05 a share for us.
Mark F. McGettrick: Hey, Paul. This is Mark. No, I don't think you should think about additional programs going forward. We took a one-time charge, as we always do with a non-reoccurring event, and disclosed that. And we showed on a breakdown on Slide 8 that we would expect to see lower operating expenses in labor due to lower the staffing levels of about $0.02 this year for the last six months of the year. And I would expect to see probably $0.04 or $0.05 next year, which is supportive of the growth rate that we have out there.
Thomas F. Farrell: Julien, with respect to Blue Racer, Blue Racer continues along its plan. There haven't been any changes there. It's a very insignificant part of Dominion's earnings. But it's doing as anticipated and as we expected it to do this year and it's contributing as it should to the earnings profile. With respect to Wexpro, we're going to reserve all of our comments on what happens with Questar and on what our plans are with Questar until after their shareholders vote and we have a chance to further our dialogue with their management team.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, we're looking primarily in Virginia, both regulated and, as we discussed in the script, a couple of different quasi-regulated opportunities have arisen. Now, we're looking actively there. As you commented, we're much more interested in solar than we are in wind. Wind is not a good asset in the territories where we do business for producing power reliably. Solar is better and we are continuing to look at 2017 and 2018. So far with respect to all of our other growth projects, they're all on time and on budget or ahead of time and below budget. And we'll see how we go along through time and see if we're going to deploy any additional capital into renewable projects.
Thomas F. Farrell: We did one last year, Greg (29:06), and they could be a variety of different examples. Some of the cases, when we did the farm-outs, there were agreed-to drilling schedules. And, for example, if someone want to modify the drilling schedule, they would have to compensate us for that. So that's the kind of activity we're looking at. But the primary activity is in the traditional farm-out. We still have a lot of Utica acreage and we have a tremendous amount of interest in it.
Thomas F. Farrell: Well, the legislation you're referring to was adopted in the Senate and it has not yet been adopted by the House. I believe Connecticut Legislature finishes their work today. But I think this is a part of a dialogue that's going on all through New England and that's going to continue, it's going on in Massachusetts, it's happening in Maine, it's happening in New Hampshire, on how to deal with the carbon rules and existing carbon-free generation, which Millstone obviously is the largest asset in New England. It provides half of Connecticut's power when both units are operating in its normal operations. And Connecticut has very little prospect of complying with carbon rules if Millstone were to shut down at some point. So I think the legislature, the political hierarchy in Connecticut is aware of that. We're following the legislation, obviously, closely. But I think it's part of an overall dialogue that will take place over the next few months in New England generally about how to protect these assets, of which I guess there are only two left that are still going to be running, Seabrook and Millstone, which is about twice the size of Seabrook.
Thomas F. Farrell: I think it's going to be an ongoing dialogue. They recessed or adjourned, whatever the right word is. They finished their work today.
Thomas F. Farrell: There's certainly always a possibility for a special session in any legislative body. But I would expect it to continue over into the next regular session of the Connecticut Legislature.
Thomas F. Farrell: No, it's renewables. As I understand the Connecticut legislation, it would be structured so that Millstone would be allowed to bid as a part of the non-carbon or renewable energy component to these RFPs components of these RFPs. It's quite...
Thomas F. Farrell: ...creative and, I think, appropriate. It is carbon-free and it's baseload, and they can't make their requirements without it.
