Shar Pourreza: Just a couple of quick questions here. On just the offshore wind, I think you guys plan to file the COP for the 2.6 gigawatts of offshore wind that you highlight with BOEM later this year, and we've seen some other developers kind of in the Northeast have some delays in the time between filing the COP and receiving the review schedule from BOEM. Wondering, what's given you a sense that you're going to receive a review schedule from BOEM in '22, just to get a little bit of a sense there. I mean, obviously, you guys have some cushion in your construction schedule and how you guide investors, so just curious how we should think about what we're seeing in the -- on the Eastern side with you guys.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. And then, obviously, potentially higher corporate tax rates with the new administration or maybe a new administration, have you guys done sort of any preliminary work assuming like, let's say, an increase to 28% tax rates, for instance, on the whole-co or the op-co [ph] and potential impacts to maybe your ongoing equity needs? I mean, obviously, you're obviously a consolidated taxpayer. And then just any sense on what the potential bill impact could be as we think about the higher corporate tax rate, maybe a question for Jim.
Shar Pourreza: Got it. Got it. So, very manageable. And -- very clear cut quarter guys. That's all the questions I had. Thanks.
Bob Blue: We're keeping an eye on those Northeast projects, obviously, and we're learning from them as they move through permitting. And we also intend to take advantage of our experience with permitting as we described in our opening remarks, the only project currently in federal waters. We're comfortable with our schedule, we'll file as you noted at the end of this year. We expect about two years for BOEM review and that will, we think, be a comfortable timeframe for us to get our construction and our project in service in '26. So, we're very bullish on that commercial project. Look forward to the process with BOEM and getting that project under construction.
Bob Blue: Yes. Thanks, Steve. Fishing issues are different off our Coast than in New England. So, on turbine spacing, we're going to work with the Coast Guard and other stakeholders, shipping lanes in addition to fishing shipping lanes are going to be different for us than they might be in other projects and particularly ones that are several projects that may be strong together, whereas ours does not have that at the moment. So, we'll make sure we work with Coast Guard, other interested parties, but we're confident that we can get spacing that makes sense for our project and is going to work for regulators and other interested parties.
Bob Blue: Yes, Jeremy. That's a great question. And I think you hit on one of the things that we've learned a great deal about is the supply chain and the importance of the supply chain. We've selected our preferred turbine vendor already and we have a very good understanding I think in ways that maybe we didn't before of how to sequence this project, so you need to make sure that when step 2 is ready to go, that step 1 has been completed, it's -- that's much more crucial maybe on this kind of project than even on some others. Things have to be done sequentially. So, we've learned a great deal about that and we've learned a great deal about the other parties in the industry, it's not an enormous industry. And so, we've had an opportunity to get a lot to know a lot of folks that way. Those kind of relationships are going to be really valuable to us as we move forward with construction of this project. So -- and then finally, back to the permitting side, we've certainly learned about working with them. So, all of those things together I think have helped us out as we move forward with the bigger project.
Bob Blue: Yes. We have worked very hard and succeeded in meeting the commitments that we made when we announced this transaction. And I think that credibility is important for us and then we filed a case that was very much down the fairway, solid, well supported case, and we're moving through the process the way you would expect. So, I think the credibility that we seek to establish that we're going to continue to maintain will help us out, and also thinking very carefully about what we were looking for when we filed that case will pay off, I believe.
Bob Blue: I think our focus really is we've got a timeframe that we think makes sense, both for permitting and construction. And that's what we're going to stick to. And again, sort of back to where we started, we feel very confident in that schedule. I don't think we're sort of thinking about shifting that around. We have plenty to say grace over with the permitting and construction process for that project.
Bob Blue: Yes. So, we've talked about this, we're going to file in March, expect an order in November. It will review the period 2017 to 2020 and we'll know -- we'll have an order at the end of the year, next year, pretty straightforward.
Bob Blue: Yes. I mean, the strength of our customer base is always helpful, and we're not seeing a lot up in data center demand, it's continuing.
