James Chapman: Yes, Greg. It's Jim, good morning, thanks. The future nonoperating charges are, of course, difficult to predict so we don' know exactly what those will be, it’s the nature of the beast. I would expect some continued charges related to our integration of SEG the former SCANA business mostly in terms of accounting systems and implementations and things along those lines. The major charges related to customer benefit, and VRP and related restructuring have been kind of tackled in the first half of this year. So some numbers would continue but they will be, we expect, more modest than what we've seen so far.
James Chapman: Well, that's right, Steve. I mean, unexpected is unexpected so hard to comment. I mean we think about -- let's put it in context. So we mentioned -- I mentioned, and we have on the slide there that the net impact, none of the mitigants I described, for this year in the $0.05 to $0.06 range for the second half of the year. So you could easily annualize that for a year in the coming years. Of course, over time, that's given back to our customers through to rates [indiscernible]. For 2020, fair enough, think about double that amount, so it’s $0.10 to $0.12. So let's just put that in context. So $0.04 of weather hurt this year 6 months, we don't know what that will be the rest of the year. Or, of course, in 2020 that kind of thing stands ready to offset.  When it comes to ACP, as a reminder, our guidance on the contribution from ACP in 2018 last year was $0.07. This year, it's $0.11. Next year, we have a little more visibility but not on a granular basis yet regarding the exact timing of recommencement and the sculpting of capital spend through 2020. So what the contribution in 2020 is, we don't yet know exactly but call it mid-teens to high teens, at best, contribution. So the $0.10 to $0.12 stands available to offset various unforeseen challenges, but that kind of puts it in context versus ACP, which you're asking about, smaller.
James Chapman: Yes, that's right. I mean, over a number of years, that will go back to customers as mentioned. But for the near-term number, $0.05 to $0.06 is net of the amount that is immediately passed to customers through rider tax treatment. And that holds true for 2020 as well. After that, it tends to blend back to customers over time but for 2020, it is net of that factor.
James Chapman: Yes. Sure. let me give some color on that point. And obviously, for the norm, we don't really comment on material M&A. But I'm using color on the way we think about this. So we're always considering ways to create shareholder value to derisk our plan, to take our exposure to regulated and regulated-like businesses which now 95%, take it up towards 100%. So last year in 2018, obviously we made a lot of progress in that respect, as you know.  And this year, that continued but on a totally different scale. We're really focusing on that last 5%, for the most part, of things that are not core or not regulated or regulated-like. For example, we divested a 15-megawatt fuel cell asset we had in Connecticut in Bridgeport for $35 million this year. We also divested our stake in NedPower, the wind facility in West Virginia. The amount wasn't disclosed but is modest.  We're also fielding and thinking about what to do with another wind asset we own in Indiana, which is Fowler Ridge, no decisions there yet, early days. So that kind of thing, we're always thinking about it but it's very modest. Now I say that to put in context for retail, which is your question. So there are press reports about potential sales of our retail gas and -- there also, we've been fielding inbound inquiries on all of it, on the part that is in Georgia that was formerly SCANA business, on the legacy Dominion business. And we're thinking through that. There's certainly no decision.  But importantly, we're thinking about what to do generally, so it's not so focused on the process. Should we keep it as well? How can we grow it? Could there be ways to grow through JV, for example, or some other structure? So it's more thinking along the lines as opposed to, "Let's sell this thing," because we're probably not going to do that. It's not accretive. So no decisions, lots of thought processes. But no, nothing to share and not sure there will be.
James Chapman: I would call it yes, but I would put that in the kind of the general corporate when we're talking about not huge numbers in the scope of all of Dominion.
James Chapman: Yes, Michael, we don't really have such a number. I mean it'll -- over the years, we don't have material rate cases with all that much frequency. So it will be chipped away over time, but we don't have a specific number to bifurcate between what's kept it long term and what's not.
James Chapman: Yes. As of June 30, the total cash invested capital is $3.4 billion from all parties from all forms. Now half of that is funded, as you know, with the construction facilities at the project level, and you'll see that in our quarterly reports, that's $1.7 billion, so twice that. The other half is just the total and the other half comes pro rata from the equity contributions from the sponsors worth 48% of that. So $3.4 billion is the total. The -- as I mentioned, we don't have available, at this time, granular guidance on the capital spend for the end of this year or the sculpting of it through 2020, but it assumes recommencement of construction by the tree clearing season in the fourth quarter this year.
James Chapman: It's mid- to high teens so mid would be with less under construction during 2020 or later in 2020, and higher would be again most of it.
James Chapman: I think that's a good answer. And going back to the way I've started my answer to Shar, I mean, we don't comment on material M&A. But the review of real material things, which are noncore, including Blue Racer, as we talked about last year, and our last remaining fossil merchant plant last year, I mean, for big items, that pretty much exhaust the list.
James Chapman: Okay. Let me talk about that a little bit. I know it's a little bit funny to talk about that savings as being kind of available for unforeseen headwinds, whether it's the most prevalent. We always talk about the potentially material impact of weather now in Virginia and South Carolina on our earnings guidance ranges and where we end up. So it's hard to point any one thing because we feel pretty good about where we are at this stage, given what's to come in the next 2 quarters.  And let me address that a little more. So last year, as we sat here on our second quarter call and we looked at kind of what was remaining, what we needed to do after our first two quarters to get to the midpoint of our guidance range, we needed $2.03. So this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the cadence is different. We have a back-end loaded profile to our EPS accrual through the second half of the year. So last year was $2.03. This year, it's $2.36, so bigger company, more earnings, but we also need have a little bit of catch-up, it's back-end loaded.  The reasons for that and the reasons we are comfortable with that are these things that are generally set out in that right-hand side of Page 7 in our deck. So the Millstone outage, $0.08 to $0.10. Last year was in fourth quarter, and for the most part, this year, done in spring. The net capacity expansion, PJM with Greensville in the next now starting in June, $0.06 to $0.08. The VRP also in the mix, $0.05 to $0.06. Southeast Energy Group didn't have it last year, $0.04 to $0.06.  And then another basket of things are smaller but regulated investment across our utility business for the next 6 months: the Millstone PPA we mentioned, assuming that comes into place October 1; and then the continued impact of O&M to the next 6 months. So in our minds, we don't really have one thing that the VRP will offset. It's just there and available. So we anticipate Julien that a question, which was what if nothing comes up this year or next year? And there also, we're saying, I've said that it's not additive to our guidance.  So if nothing comes up and we're in the lucky position of not having any headwinds that aren't expected or such event, what I would do is identify areas in O&M to advance spending in order to use that VRP savings to derisk our guidance, our earnings guidance for a longer period of time. So not a very direct answer to your question but that's the way we think about the VRP savings and what it will potentially help us with over the next period.
Thomas Farrell: I will just add one thing. The surveys -- the one issue they had is they didn't think enough surveys were done around the bees, and we've been doing those surveys since mid-June. They'll be done this quarter and there will be more than sufficient facts, we believe, to just by issuing the BL.
Thomas Farrell: Yes, there are a number. And as we said before, we really don't want to get into a lengthy discussion about what all those options are. There has been some discussions from the developers of the MVP pipeline that as I've said a few minutes ago, we would expect all of those solutions to be available to us as well.
Thomas Farrell: We're completely focused on that right now. This is -- the Fourth Circuit decision is a very poor precedent, we think, for energy policy in the United States, setting up a 2,000-mile-long barrier wall to bring energy resources from the Midwest and South, the western parts of the country into the East. Don't think that's what compressible intent was. So it's very important that the precedent not stand.
Thomas Farrell: Well, I'll talk about Millstone. We have derisked Millstone with the legislative and regulatory solution that's in its final weeks right now with a very significant portion of the output being sold to the utilities for a 10-year period. So we'd consider that to be more than sufficient derisking of the Millstone asset. I'll let Jim and others answer the rest of the questions.
Thomas Farrell: Well, you can do a preliminary -- you can appeal a stay. You can -- need to tell, it will depend on what the stay was for if one was entered at all. Would it be the entire 600 miles or would it be a segment? Also it's kind of difficult to answer that question. There are a variety of remedies we can pursue but without a real detailed issue, it's hard to answer that question.
