Thomas F. Farrell ll: Well, it's certainly been a tough quarter, really for like maybe four months for the sector, although, I think, objectively that Dominion Midstream Partners has done relatively well compared to some of the rest of the sector. I think that's largely due to the long dropdown schedule we have for organic growth projects. We have looked for things like the Carolina gas transmission, the Iriquois assets, where we were able to place the LP units directly with the sellers. That's the kind of thing we're looking for. We have plenty of projects. We recognize the volatility of the markets right now and we're inclined to just focus on our own projects.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: I think we've been fairly consistent for quite a long time. I hope we have, we think, we don't talk about M&A at all. In case somebody decides slightly, we've got a different nuance in the way we say we don't talk about it. So we try not to talk about it. With the exception, we have said since we created Dominion Midstream Partners that we would be looking for assets to contribute to the MLP and we are. But like I said, we have anything that we look at that we're going to judge against our own projects and what issuing LP units, how we've prepared through just organically growing. We like what we have.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: We have a pretty good line of sight through the 30% ITC window through next year. I guess, the only caveat I give you on that is, we expect some projects in 2016 become available due to some distress with YieldCos that have a time commitment to build, may need some assistance in financing those. We'll very selectively look at that as we go out, and we will definitely look at Virginia projects for us to build in Virginia to support our future needs in terms of our carbon compliance, so again merchant wise, I'd say, very selective, but our focus really being on the Virginia service territory.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Praful, while of course we only have two gas assets, last one in New England in Manchester and one in CGM outside Philadelphia, Fairless. We do see pressure particularly on capacity, ultimately on energy and NEPOOL with some recent announcements. And I think the New York announcement this morning will also put pressure on Northeast prices, particular on capacity as you go out. Since the infrastructure there on gas is not going to be able to significantly, expand gas at least for the next many years, I think continued shutdown on NEPOOL's side in the Northeast will support both higher energy and capacity.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Well. First, I think you're probably referring to the order, I guess, with last week on the – or the week before on the Remington Solar Project. Steve, to distinguish between that project and the projects for example that we just filed, the projects we filed – I guess, we filed Remington in January or February. We had done a lot of work around RFPs and market conditions in solar in the region, when we filed that and believe that we adequately demonstrated that. We went through a much more rigorous or I shouldn't say a more rigorous -different process, which – over the summer, for these new projects, which we think are more than compliant with what it was the Commission was looking for in the Remington Project. So we do RFPs, test the market, look at what we get back in return and then we'll file them. The projects are going to be required – are going to be required to meet the Clean Power Plan and they are – the General Assembly said and it's built those path early this year that they believe these are in the public interest. So we'll work our way through this process with the commission. Projects are going to get built and I think they'll look like the ones we just passed.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Let me just give a high level response to that, and then I'll turn it over to Dave Christian. Steve, I assume you're referring of course to the announcement today of Entergy and FitzPatrick. We've seen other single merchant power plant, nuclear plants under stress from other companies. We had this happen here, we had this happen with Kewaunee. When I say here, I mean at Dominion. I guess it's happened three years ago, it was very, very difficult decision for us to make. We tried very, very hard to keep that unit operating, but we just couldn't see with the way the market structure we set up at Millstone in particular, that we could make it work without seeing it drain on the balance of our nuclear fleet. Wasn't a happy day to announce that closing. So everybody is in the different environment. We are all at different plant economics, but it's a structural issue. I think more macro than micro at least it was for us. But today, particularly on O&M and nuclear, well, I think Mark characterized it pretty well. We've had a cap to expected O&M growth at CPIs and that we are also try and work to culture a continuous improvement, we're always scrutinizing costs. We happened to be blessed with some very low cost units and some very large units. So Millstone in particular is largest unit in New England, dual-unit site. It doesn't have a lot of those same characteristics that Pilgrim, BY and Kewaunee, right.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: We had higher hedge prices than – versus last year and I'm assuming you're referencing to quarter-by-quarter or versus ...
Thomas F. Farrell ll: So we had higher hedge prices than we had in quarter last year and we also had additional one at all of our units at Mills – at Manchester and at Fairless. So it really was a pricing and volume issue for us.
Thomas F. Farrell ll: Yeah, Paul. A couple of years ago, I'm changed our view on hedging based on the forward curves really being depressed. And as you know, at Millstone, what moves that market is winter weather. So as you saw from the hedge tables today, we have hedged out most of 2016 production hour from 60% to 83%. And as we go into any calendar year, we've always and we'll continue to hedge Millstone between 80% and 90% going into a calendar year. So we're right on schedule for 2016. For 2017, we have not hedged 2017 as of yet. We will see what winder curves look like as we go through, but as we sit here at this time next year, we will be in a very similar hit position for 2017 at Millstone. Then we have historically or just a little more opportunistic about it than we have been in the past.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, this is Mark. We haven't talked about that. There have been a lot of questions about it. I guess, what the way I would summarize that is, we were very happy with the outcome of those auctions and expect to be a beneficiary.
Mark F. McGettrick: Yeah, we've never talked about doing anything with our GP, just to answer a statement rather than a question. We see no reason to change our distribution growth rate which is 22%, which is – we think is best-in-class at the MLP and we stated in February that it's our anticipation, subject to board approval, to increase our dividend at Dominion about 8% a year through the balance of the decade.
Mark F. McGettrick: Michael, on the cost side, you should think about our operating budgets growing at about a rate at CPI that we roll out. The only major fluctuations would be the timing of Millstone outages, where one year you might have two and next year you might have three. But we're focused on CPI type growth going ahead.
Mark F. McGettrick: Steve, I'm going to let Paul to answer that question, but I'd also take you back to the script where Tom differentiated our projects versus a lot of others that are in the marketplace. Almost all of ours are demand pull projects with regulated utilities or counterparties, hence we feel real good about that. But let me have Paul to give you more color.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think it's going to depend on, one, what ITC is available. Right now, it's just 10% and on the projects we'll be focused on, they'll be regulated projects. So they will flow through regulated rates through riders to customers in Virginia. So that benefit will flow through back to them.
Mark F. McGettrick: Brian, this is Mark. I think, we'll have to evaluate that if we get closer and give guidance for next year. We had a lot of a significant change to talk about it in February this year. I think an Analyst Day will be driven by how much the plan changes long-term, if at all. And if it stays pretty much on course with what we have, we probably will wait another year for an Analyst Day, but again, we'll talk about that in the first quarter call based on what events are at that time.
