Paul D. Koonce: Hi, Greg. This is Paul Koonce. Included in the list of projects is not what we would call necessarily a long haul pipeline extinct [ph]. The new market project up in the New York State is going to take gas out of Pennsylvania and West Virginia and take it up into New York State. What we have literally been focused on here recently or what we call these producer outlet projects which really gets the producer's gas, other interstate pipelines that take the minimal amount of capital, they take the shorter lead time and we believe that over time, those contracts are anyway from call it three to seven years and we believe that over time that as those producers get connected to us that that will lead us to doing longer term, longer line pipeline in the coming months.Greg Gordon – ISI Group, Inc.: Thank you.
Paul D. Koonce: Sure. It is as you commented, it's a very, very competitive business. We have always run retail as a profit business so we are constantly looking to – the mix of customers both by state as well as by site to maximize that value. The volumes if you looked in the kit on Page 21, you'll see that the electric volumes were down for the quarter. But that really has to do with a small number of provider of last resort agreements that we had this time last year that we don't have this year because they weren't profitable to continue to serve. So I think as we move through time when you look at customer accounts and you look at volumes, depending on whether you have a provider of last resort contract in there or not will cause the number to either be inflated or to be less. I think as we see these coal plant retirements, I think you have some large merchant fleets that are participating in the aggregation of business and I think as you have coal plant retirements, we think this business will stabilize and grow for us.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, I think that as it relates to Berne and Natrium II, I mean that's equipment is ordered. Natrium II is already on site. I think Tom mentioned that we expect those facilities to be online spring and summer. So that work is going very well. As it relates to others, of course the Berne and Natrium II are just processing facilities. They are not fractionation facilities. They will use the fractionation capacity that we have in Natrium I. So as it relates to the work that we're doing through Blue Racer, the equipment's ordered. It's fairly straightforward construction process and we expect to bring that online back to the first of the year.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes. I think when you look at the acreage where we're sitting especially in the West Utica and Southeastern Ohio, I think the plan is to continue to add a couple a year. And as I said when we're looking at processing, we're looking at pretty much a skid amount type of equipment, so that shouldn't be a problem for us.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, Paul this is Paul Koonce. So we’ve actually entered into agreement. So the option payment will start now …
Paul D. Koonce: Lease payments will start now and they will accrue over the -- over a preset drilling schedule that we have with the counter party.
Paul D. Koonce: No, the counter party will provide all the capital for the drilling. So we get an override, a small override based on the production, but it's all their CapEx. Now we have had an open season to provide the transportation capacity out of the basin, that will be our capital we’re working through that now, and I think as Tom said in his remarks there’ll be more to come on that in the coming weeks.
Paul D. Koonce: Well, this is Paul again. If you look at just PJM generally over the last two or three years, congestion is down substantially based on all of the electric transmission construction that has occurred. So, when you look at congestion projects in order for them to qualify they have to more than offset the congestion expense, and I believe that factors by 1.5 times. So the project has to be very innovative to overcome that hurdle. We bid on three different scenarios in AP South using the series capacitor banks [ph] which we've used on our own system which lowers and seasons which allows greater capacity flows and that has capitalized the very efficient way to deal with that. Now we have also modeled the balance of PJM to see what effect our project and AP South will have more generally on the larger PJM footprint. When we did that we didn't see that there were other projects that necessarily would meet the hurdle with PJM pass for congestion. So we are constantly monitoring how this will play out. Of course coal plant retirements will be a big part of that. But to-date what we have out there we think is very creative. We have not submitted others but we're watching it.
Paul D. Koonce: Yes, this is what PJM is calling a pilot year to try to implement per quarter 1000. So I would expect that PJM is going to move very deliberately and very cautiously to make sure that whatever recommendations they come up with are good. And so for that reason I wouldn't expect that we will know probably until after the first of the year.
Thomas F. Farrell II: That is four revenue streams that come out of us. The first is lease payments which we've given you a number for. The second would be a payment for the drilling activity itself. And third will be a royalty payment which is volumetric. And then the fourth will be the transportation agreements that come out of it. So at this point the only thing we are prepared to give a number on is the lease payments that we'll continue throughout the balance of the lease period. The rest of it will depend on some timing and with the royalties itself is on volume.
Thomas F. Farrell II: We are always considering options like that and not just obviously in the Marcellus and not just in West Virginia.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I'm going to let Paul Koonce answer your question. Paul, I'm not sure where you're seeing a delay in projects because I don't think there's a delay. So we can answer that maybe for you offline but Paul can talk about…
Thomas F. Farrell II: It was ready. As we dropped it down, we had some maintenance to do on that pipe and it was ready in the third quarter. The joint venture wanted it as soon as they could get it because it's key to marking that area and moving gas, locking in these producers and because the facility was prepared to be dropped, there was no reason to wait and we took it in the third quarter.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Steve, good morning. I would put them in the category of implementing the plan other than this potential of a longer term, larger pipe that we are working on. That's not in our plans but the rest of these are supportive of the 5% to 6% growth.
Thomas F. Farrell II: I would say, to answer your question is yes and yes. What we have done in with these customers and we will – there will be announcements downstream about who they’re and implementation and all that. But the way we’ve developed the thing now, there is also a processing rights, that’s something else that will be dealt within the future. That could be possibly done by us our -- we could do that ourselves or we could do that in a joint venture. That’s still -- that part we’ve the rights to the processing and whether we do it ourselves or with our partner is something we will continue to work on. And then we have a lot of assets in West Virginia and Pennsylvania that are not covered by the Blue Racer joint venture that we’re considering.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Julien, the -- for the present people should be thinking about what we’ve said which is at present what we’re looking at is placing Blue Racer and Cove Point import and Cove Point export into the MLP and how exactly we’re going to do it, when exactly we’re going to do it, we will have to wait on that. The balance of the assets that are in the Dominion Gas Holdings, we will put there so that we would have transparency and visibility on the earnings that come out of the gas infrastructure business, because we didn’t think they were being high as fully as they could be in the markets, but it's up to you all to decide that. We didn’t think they were, so we thought it would be helpful to the financial community to see exactly what they produce. Those assets are eligible largely, eligible to be contributed to an MLP in the future, and that’s a decision that remains up in the future. But the reason why we created that was to allow people to see exactly what the earnings are that come out of our gas infrastructure business.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Those are, there’s very technical issues around what can be put into an MLP and not. Hope Gas, I don’t believe is eligible and I don’t think we’ve ever listed it as a potential. There are assets in East Ohio. East Ohio Gas is much more than a traditional local gas distribution company. It has very large gas storage holdings. It has very large pipelines. It has gathering systems. So it's a different animal. So there are portions of it that would be eligible. But that’s all off in the future. But hope, I don’t think anybody in our team here think that Hope is a eligible asset.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Well, I think there are two issues. One is the sequester and it's budgetary implications and then the other is the shutdown, which was a short-term phenomenon that it’s actually most of the people still went to work, they just weren’t getting paid. But they’re getting paid twice now, so they’re getting paid retroactively. So the sequester is a bigger -- is a longer term issue and we will have to see how this conference committee works it's way through that ticket and which they -- we believe they will do by the end of the year and that will give us little more clarity on what we, how we view what the sales growth will be.
Thomas F. Farrell II: Mike, we haven't broken that but we could. It's clear enough. And on that recommendation, we'll go ahead and look at doing that in the future.
Mark F. McGettrick: Dan, this is Mark. Unfortunately I think we're going to have to pass on that question until we file the S-1. We have a clear path forward that we think will add significant shareholder value, but until we file that we'll not be able to talk about many of the details around this structure.
Mark F. McGettrick: Paul, this is Mark. Yes, I can and we talked about this over the year couple of years really. We have some legacy IRS audits that went back 8 or 10 years that we have been very methodically closing out and settling with the IRS. And we can't predict really what the outcome might be. In the third quarter we had success in settling the 2010 and 2011 audits and because of that, we had a benefit on some issues that were in dispute and so those audits now are closed. So we're almost current on these legacy audits. We'll be current through 2011 by the end of the year. But this has occurred over the last three years by our tax proof taken a very proactive approach of catching up and going – current going forward. So that's the reason for the rate change.
Mark F. McGettrick: Jonathan this is Mark. We’ve always said we thought we reach equalization in 2014. I think we’re well on schedule to do that.
Mark F. McGettrick: I think Jonathan, I don’t have the schedule right in front of me. But I think the reference probably there is to the gain on the sale of the merchant assets Brayton Point, Elwood and Kincaid, which was transact and concluded in the third quarter.
