David Dunnewald: Thanks, Candace. Hello, and welcome everybody. On behalf of Molson Coors Brewing Company, thank you for joining us today for our Fourth Quarter 2012 Follow-Up Earnings Conference Call. Our goal on this call is to address as many additional earnings-related questions as possible following our regular earnings conference call with Peter Swinburn, Gavin Hattersley and our business unit CEOs earlier today. We will use a standard question-and-answer format, and we anticipate that the call will last less than an hour. So let's get started. With me on the call are Heather Pollard, Investor Relations Manager; Spencer Schurr, Finance Forecasting Manager; Eric Mickelson, [ph] Manager of SEC Reporting; Mark Saks, Senior Director of Tax; and Zahir Ibrahim, Global Controller. Now as Peter Swinburn mentioned on our regular earnings call earlier today, lower fourth quarter underlying earnings were driven by a higher tax rate and cycling strong quarterly results the year before, including the 53rd week in our fiscal 2011 and some other onetime factors. Full year results included higher underlying earnings and $865 million of underlying free cash flow generation. Our Central Europe business is being integrated very effectively and in a difficult retail environment and isn't performing very well. In 2013, our focus will continue to be on the 3 pillars of our growth strategy and particularly, the first one, which is to grow profitably in our core businesses through brands and innovation. We also intend to pay down debt. In combination with disciplined high return cash use, our growth strategy is designed to drive long-term profit and cash flow and total return for our shareholders. So with that, we'd now like to open it up for your questions. Over to you, Candace.
David Dunnewald: Yes. So our cost of goods guidance in Canada was mid-single digits for the year. That does include a component of innovation and also -- and that does include the Aluminum Pint bottle, which we plan to roll out this year. We -- it also includes some high end or, call it, top of the category introductions as well.
David Dunnewald: Yes, I think Peter mentioned something about our New York Investor Day that we would have more information on our cost savings programs. And that's really when we plan to, as you say, provide a bit more texture around that.
David Dunnewald: Yes, that's right. The meeting this year is in June. The reason we moved it out is so that we'd have more specifics we can provide you around peak season programming. For example, we had feedback that if we moved it from March to sometime around May or June, we could show more of the peak season advertising and retail promotions and those types of things. So that's why the timing change this year and along with that comes kind of the strategic view, including things like cost reductions.
David Dunnewald: Yes, actually, we've been expecting it to take us a few years to get to our long-term tax rate. We've been -- that expectation is not new. It's been going -- we've been providing that kind of, call it, texture around the long-term rate for over a year, maybe 1.5 years. So that's not new. What is new is the level of the long-term tax rate, which did move down with the Central Europe acquisition. And then the individual annual tax rates have been lowered because of onetime benefits, certainly in 2012 and as I recall also in 2011, we had some onetime tax benefits that we did not expect to continue. And that's another reason that we were in those specific years below the long-term tax rate.
David Dunnewald: Yes, in my vernacular, a few tends to be 3 to 5. And so yes, we're not talking 10 years here. We're just talking kind of a moderate progression over, as I say, 3 to 5 years. Oh and by the way, that progression -- sorry, just to be sure, to be clear, Ian, the progression to get to the long-term tax rate, we say -- we suggest that, that's gradual. That would be assuming that there are no additional changes in tax laws or other onetime types of events. As we did actually see in the fourth quarter with the change in the Serbian tax rate.
David Dunnewald: Yes, the CapEx -- we're not going to provide forward guidance on that. But as you know, broadly speaking, CapEx and depreciation will tend to align over time just by their very nature. The amortization piece may or may not. But anyway, I guess, I won't provide specific guidance. But I guess, you probably understand the philosophical interaction between the two.
David Dunnewald: Based on some of the capital activity that we had in 2012, specifically the, what we call, master plan in the U.K. where we have some ROI projects in, call it, the brewing footprint there. That's a bit higher than it might normally be. I can't really predict for you or forecast for you what we will need to do in the years ahead. But I would say that those are increasing, for example, the CapEx run rate in the last 12 months. And we're not done with that yet in the U.K. And then in Central Europe, yes, I would say that we do have a bit of extra capital that we need to put in from a systems standpoint in the Central Europe business as well in the near term.
David Dunnewald: We're not providing a specific target date. What we are saying is that the business, currently, is in investment mode. And the fourth quarter profit notwithstanding, those businesses are still in investment mode. And at the same time, though, the strategy is to grow the top line faster than the rate of investment because we've been investing extra dollars behind the brands in those markets, relatively little in bricks and mortar. And as we grow the top line faster than the investment rate, then our intent is to bring those businesses to profitability over the medium term. But we'll see what that looks like.
David Dunnewald: Yes. What I don't want to -- when I say medium term, I just mainly don't want you to come away with the impression that it's short term, which generally is considered in a year. And so we're not talking about that sort of time frame.
David Dunnewald: Okay. Great, thank you, Candace. In closing, I'd like to thank you, all, for your interest in Molson Coors and for joining us today. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time this afternoon, please call me on my direct line or at the main number here at Molson Coors, which is (303)927-BEER or 927-2337. Thank you again, and have a great day. And happy Valentine's Day for those of you who celebrate it.
