Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, I'll just tell you the drivers of mix. I'm not going to comment on what the future looks like, but the drivers of the positive mix have been our driving harder against the above-premium space. That's the strategy for our company and that is something that, of course, we are driving harder in Canada. Second of all, we have been focused around our revenue management and have been pretty clearly focused on the returns of various promotions. So the combination of those things is what's driven the positives. Having said that, I mean, the environment, as a whole, is still very competitive.
Stewart F. Glendinning: So John, in terms of when the specific days come out, I'd to go back to the calendar, have a look. Maybe Dave can pick that up in the follow-up. I can't give you too much detail on the calculation, only to say that I've had the benefit of seeing all the numbers. And I can just tell you that the trends in total don't look dramatically different than what we saw in Q3. So that's really the best advice I can give to you.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, just -- I mean, look, roughly here, if you got 28 days last year and you got 3 extra days this year, I mean better than 10% right there, so rough order of magnitude, but stick with my guns.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure, Peter. I mean, Bryan, if you look to the third quarter, Coors Light was down mid-single digits. Peter summarized it in exactly the right way. And we had 2 problems of -- one was a big, emotional connection, be creative with our consumers and our in-store execution. I think the second part, the in-store execution, we've got that well in hand now. The creative appears to be going in the right direction. And probably the third thing to just think about here is that there is a cannibalization impact from Coors Banquet, which is now a national distribution. If you took Coors Banquet and Coors Light as a combined set of brands, then those 2, in total, help share in the quarter. So more work to be done in Coors Light, but Coors Banquet, performing very well.
Stewart F. Glendinning: No. I mean, we kept our creative -- we have enough creative materials to use. We've used some of our functional advertising around vented can, for example. So no, the answer is we haven't substantially changed that.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Look, that makes a lot of the sense, Peter. Yes, Mark, I mean, the cost -- our cost -- the program is going well, that we've been attacking both the aspects of our supply chain and COGS, and at the same time, we've been pushing very harder on our MG&A. And I think if you run some benchmarks on us versus competitors, you'll start to see that showing up in our results. So it's really all the detail I can give you, other than to say, we've got a team that's actively focused on it and delivering results.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Well, the short answer to your last question, Judy, is no, no changes to the way we look at capital allocation. We will continue to look at returning cash to our shareholders. We will continue to strengthen our balance sheet and we'll continue to look to invest behind growth opportunities, specifically behind our global brands. So no, that won't change. What I did say in New York and I think I said it again in Boston was that we expect to get back to our StarBev pre-acquisition leverage ratios in the earlier part of next year. And at that point in time, obviously, share buybacks come back on to the table as a consideration set, and we'll make whatever decisions we think are in the best interest of our shareholders as we go along.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Yes, Ian, we are required to test up goodwill and brand values on an annual basis, and we do that as at the 1st of July, beginning of our third quarter. So we have tested all our brands. We've tested our -- we've tested Europe and Canada, and these are the 2 brands that required an impairment, based on their testing.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Rob, it's Gavin here. There was a provision that we recorded when we bought StarBev in 2009, and this was regards to a regulatory review that we recorded as liability upon acquisition. During the third quarter, we were excluded from that, filing the reports, and so we released the full reserve. And if you look at the decrease in Europe MG&A, which was around $11 million, it accounted for roughly half of that.
Gavin D. Hattersley: No, we don't get into the detail of regulatory issues that we have on a country-by-country basis. Suffice to say, we've resolved the issue. The reserve's no longer required, and we released it.
Peter S. Swinburn: All I would add to that, Judy, is whatever decisions we make will go through our path model, and that will drive the consideration as to how we allocate our capital.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Tom. And again, just to reemphasize on that. I mean, we have, as you know, over the years, had some very successful bolt-on acquisitions, such as Doom Bar and Cobra and Creemore and so on. But the same -- we'll use the same discipline as we talked, that Gavin talked about earlier in terms of capital allocation. If we can't get a return that we want on any acquisition, big or small, then we will not undertake it.
Peter S. Swinburn: I think you're just going to have to trust us on that one. If you look at the like-for-like comparison, shaking out the extra days and you take out the Modelo volume, then Canada is down low single digits.
Peter S. Swinburn: No, there was no change in the thinking on the U.S. And again, it was increased low single-digits last year -- last quarter, and it's remained at increasing low single digits.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. Rob, in fairness to Pete, he literally has just dropped in, so I don't think it's fair dropping that question on him. But I think that the view of the market, that the view of the industry is as we -- you and I have talked about on many occasions. I don't think there's much more to add on that.
Peter S. Swinburn: Mark, I'm going to give Gavin a rest, because I think he's fed up of answering these questions. No disrespect to you, but we really can't tell you anything more than we've told you. We'll talk to our board as to how we allocate our capital. It's an ongoing conversation. We'll decide the best allocation between bolt-on acquisitions, dividends and share repurchase. But it is on the agenda. We've been clear about that. And when we got a decision to announce, I promise you'll be the first to know.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you very much, everybody. You'll have the pleasure of listening to Mark and exit the exercise for the fourth quarter, and I'm sure he will give you a much more cogent and better answers than I've been able to do for the last 6.5 years. Thank you very much, everybody.
Bryan D. Spillane: Peter, I'm sure the thing you're going to miss most when you step down is just taking all of our questions.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay. And then can you give us an update or a progress report, I guess, on the turnaround of -- or re-acceleration efforts for Coors Light in Canada? I'm not sure if you mentioned where -- what Coors Light volumes were in the quarter. But just trying to get a sense for how you've progressed in that turnaround.
Bryan D. Spillane: Okay. And then just one last one related to Canada. It just -- the overall industry, just how does your adjusted volume performance compared to the industry growth rate? I wasn't sure if you had given an industry growth rate.
Krishnan Anand: Sure. So Andrew, in the third quarter, we've -- we're actually quite pleased both quarter and year-to-date performance. As you see, our top line has grown 20% plus, specifically Coors Light has grown extremely strong, double digits. And the difference in just the third quarter, essentially because of increased marketing spend, as we're driving [ph] that top line growth. The International businesses continues to be well on track to deliver the commitment that Peter just said, which is to be breakeven and in profit by 2016.
Krishnan Anand: No. I don't think it'll require us to rethink. I think the main thing is our top line grows 20%. It enables us -- if you look at our gross profit, that's also growing in line with our top line. So that enables us to continue to bridge that gap.
Krishnan Anand: Sure. So we're excited with the progress of Coors Light in Mexico, in Central America and in the Caribbean, which are the main markets that we are in. This is based on continued impact over the last couple of years of our Rocky Mountain Core Refreshment positioning, working with our partners to execute brilliantly in the markets as well as a lot of in-store efforts, which truly makes the brand disruptive. In terms of your question on the new markets, the only new market we have in 2014 versus 2013, which is up significant, is Australia, which we added, really, end of December last year. So it's been the first 8 months, and we're extremely pleased right now with the progress on Coors Light. As you recall, Coors there for legal reasons so far with our partner, Coca-Cola Amatil, over there.
Krishnan Anand: In India, we don't have Coors Light. We have local brands. It's the local brands. And our business, as mentioned in Peter's comments, has doubled. But we are basically in Bihar. We export a couple of states, but essentially 90 plus percent of our business is in Bihar.
