David Perkins: All right. Thanks, Judy. It's Dave. So what we saw in Q2 was the continuation of the economic pressures that we felt recently. Certainly, gas prices and competition from other alcohol beverage is putting pressure on. Weather was a factor in Q2 as well. So we see that. Now as you think through the balance of the year on the industry, the only thing I'd point out is that last year, in the first 7 months of the year 2010, we did have 6 months that were essentially flat or up. So we had a strong performance in the first part of the year. In the last 5 months of the year, 4 of the 5 months were down at the industry level. So as Peter said, we're cycling something different going forward than we have seen on a year-to-date basis. On market share, we gave up about half of our gain in Q2 from the 1.5 points that we picked up last year. As I look at the market share result, I actually feel pretty good about it. I look at on a sequential basis, Q2 versus Q1, we actually grew our share marginally. And when I look at our innovation and our core brand programs, they're working well for us. So innovation in the quarter delivered about 3 share points for us. That's on the high end of what we've seen over the last year or so. So feel good there. Canadian trademark share was at last year's level in Q2 and we had strong pricing behind the brand. So we're feeling good there. We've got some new programming out on Canadian, including the Red Leaf program with a positive reaction. And then on Coors Light, our share was off slightly. But Coors Light was really the key beneficiary of that major spike in Q2 of last year. Again, we're seeing good brand equity scores on the brand. Our pricing was strong. So feeling good there. Last year, our market share performed particularly well through the end of August. Once we get into comps from September through to December, it is easier for us. So I just give you that perspective.
David Perkins: Well, yes, hard for me to predict what will happen in the back half. What I would say in Q2 is the market was very competitive. We did see a step up in discounting compared to the first quarter. I think small brewers were especially active. Consumers continue to respond obviously to the special offers. But nonetheless, we saw an increase in our NSR per hectoliter in the quarter despite that environment. And as I say, our brands performed where we'd like to see them performing.
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, the innovation is fairly broad based. In the past 6 months, we've rolled M, Molson M out to Ontario and the West. We've got Molson Canadian 67 Sublime and Miller Chill lemon in the flavored area and Rickard's Blonde, and those are building on top of the Keystone brands. And we've actually got fairly solid performance across the group of new brands. And you were far enough into this now that I'm actually feeling pretty good about the way the brands are performing and the staying power that they're showing.
David Perkins: It was fairly stable through Q2. And I would say it was a step-up rather than a dramatic shift in the environment that we're seeing. Clearly, there is some response to the volume softness. But I'd characterize it as more of a step-up.
David Perkins: Yes, Mark. There's not much regional variation in what we're seeing, which actually is encouraging. I mean, this isn't like something that we saw 3 years ago in Québec where you get a fairly severe situation in a region. So we're seeing that step up across the country as, presumably, people go after volume. And I'm not very alarmed by it. I think given the circumstances with the industry contacts, it's a fairly predictable reaction to that.
David Perkins: No, it's across the portfolios, actually. I mean, as you look at the various brewers across the country, I mean, whether it's mainstream or above premium, you're seeing temporary discounting behavior. In the value segment, the prices tend to be fairly stable.
David Perkins: Yes, James, we haven't left the price gaps relative to any major competitors change appreciably. So we've remained competitive. Certainly, there has been some increased aggression from smaller brewers that it's difficult to fully keep pace with. But I wouldn't characterize it as a really significant widening of gaps. I mean, we continue to do promotional activity by region, by channel and by pack site that keeps us in the ballpark of competitiveness. We watch the price and volume balance, and then make sure that our brands are able to perform for us. So I think the challenge for us that we need to watch is just that gap relative to some of the smaller players.
David Perkins: Yes, so on the Canada NSR per hectoliter, it was, about half of that increase was related to our contract brewing arrangement and half was to stronger pricing. And within that, mix didn't play a role.
David Perkins: Yes, let me just be clear on the 3 share points that innovation accounts for. That is not growth year-over-year. That is the total of our new brands, okay. And so what we're seeing is about the 3 share points from innovation, we're seeing the Molson Canadian trademark stable and then Coors Light off slightly as I mentioned before. On a regional basis, we're seeing a solid contribution from innovation across the regions. I wouldn't want to get into the brand level detail by region. But I would say that as we look across our 4 major regions, we're getting a meaningful contribution from innovation in each, and we're seeing similar trends year-on-year in each.
Peter Swinburn: I'll take the first part of that, Judy. I'll let Stewart take the second part. I'd really refer back to the New York conference with the analysts that we had in early March, and I think we laid out pretty clearly that what we wanted was to -- or certainly laid out pretty clearly we wanted flexibility in terms of the cash we'd hold on hand. We're comfortable, we do that. We wanted to make sure that we got a balance sheet in good order and we feel much better about what we've done around pensions and liabilities that we had on our balance sheet a couple of years ago. We did say that we really, when we look at cash, we continue to look at our use of cash to the extent that it can actually drive shareholder value. This is one way of giving value back to shareholders. It's not the only way. We will continue to look for M&A opportunities, but only if they actually drive the shareholder value that we would expect them to drive. So really, our position hasn't changed. And really, I think we flagged pretty clearly in New York what we would do if we didn't have any opportunities on the M&A front. And that's what we're doing. So I think we've been pretty consistent from the announcement and the clarity that we try to give in York and what we've actually done.
Peter Swinburn: So you're absolutely right, they were planned. As far as the U.K. is concerned, we had a major SAP implementation. So really, all of our efforts were placed on making sure that, that went through smoothly. And it seems we had a great job there. So we did plan for most of the activity in the U.K. to be back loaded. You'll get some benefit on the top line from that activity because there are some new product innovation, but obviously, you won't get a bottom line benefit from new products in such a short period of time. For the established brands, such as Carling, then yes, we would expect the impact of the expenditure to be reflected in better performance. On the U.S., it was more a structural thing where we've lost the NFL and we had first half spending on that last year. That's really being translated more to the NHL now on the second half of the year. But again, Tom, you're on the line, if you want to expand on that, please do.
Peter Swinburn: Just to expand on that a little bit. We're actually very pleased the way the international program is going. Although more opportunities have presented themselves in the short term than we expected, we've been able to take advantage of that. And as we said in the script, it's already contributing 15% of our net sales of revenue growth and we've been pretty clear about what we expect this section or this sector to do for the business going forward. So it's something that is for the future, but we're very pleased with the way with the progress that's being made in that arena.
Peter Swinburn: So trying and hit all of those points, Christine. First of all, let's split the China business up into 2. We've got this, our legacy Coors Light business. That brand continues to do exceptionally well in China. And we're pleased with its continued progress, and it's absolutely right in line with where we expected it to be and it continues to build equity value. So we're very pleased with that. In terms of the JV, it is going slower than we expected. But a lot of that really has have to do with getting certain commissions and certain licenses. We now have those. And we're in a position where we can put in the CapEx that we always planned to put in, which will allow us to get much more flexibility around the Coors Light brand, of course the number of SKUs that we can produce and improve the margins. So from that point of view, slightly behind the timescale we initially envisaged, but everything is going to plan and we're pleased with that. In terms of the future, we've got enough on our plates at the moment with building the Coors Light brand and also trying to get the JV and the CapEx away. So that's what we're really focused on at the moment. But I will always give myself the out, which is if the right opportunity came up in China and it satisfied all our criteria, we would seriously ask it.
Peter Swinburn: Broad answer is I've got no idea, but there are probably just as many people that want to go out and drink more as there are people who want to stay in and keep cool. So we'll have to see what the numbers turn out like.
Peter Swinburn: Okay, thank you, Michelle. And thank you, everybody for joining us this morning. I really appreciate your interest in the business, and look forward to speaking to you again at the next earnings results. Thank you.
S. Glendinning: Good. Thank you, Peter. Judy, I'd just say I really echo Peter's point there, but this preserves flexibility for us going forward. And we think it's an excellent way to continue to try to drive shareholder value. On the swap itself, I called out in the script that we're looking at a number of alternatives. But I think the most likely scenario is that you'll see this be a combination of some settlement of a portion of the liability and some portion that gets extended. This will basically allow us to take that up over time. It will potentially subject us to movements up or down as in any hedging program, and will allow us to take into account tax considerations as well. Bottom line is it's a period of years, Judy. That's how you should look at that.
S. Glendinning: We continue to expect that our long-term guidance will remain the same at 22% to 26%. We're expecting the benefit of some one-time benefits in the back half of the year that could push our tax rate down.
S. Glendinning: Yes, Mark, I really can't. I mean, what we said is that we're going to do it opportunistically. We've laid out the 3-year period, but it will largely depend on how we think that's going to drive shareholder value. So I'm sorry, but I can't give you more than that.
S. Glendinning: We really don't want to get into the details of exactly how we plan to trade. That's counterproductive. What I will say is, look, we're sitting on $1.2 billion worth of cash. And we continue to generate cash. This is a company that generates a lot of cash. We're going to have the flexibility to do all of the things that we need to do with using a varied pace depending on what the opportunities that present themselves to us. And that's the best way really I can give, bearing in mind also that we'll be paying dividends over that same timeframe.
