Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Greg, and thank you all for joining us today. Let me start by stating the obvious. The first quarter was not the quarter we expected to have, that reality was driven by three events, cybersecurity incident that caused the global system outage, a freak winter storm in Texas, that forced utility companies to shutoff power to major businesses, including our Fort Worth Brewery and government pandemic restrictions that shutdown the entire on-premise channel in the UK and severely restricted much of the on-premise in Canada. To say that all of these events happened in a single quarter is unprecedented, would be an understatement. So while we can't control the weather, across the business, we executed well on what was in our control. That's true how we responded to each event. Our team quickly implemented contingency plans to boost production and get our core brands back to a stable inventory before Memorial Day. Right now, we are shipping over 1 million barrels a week in the United States for the first time in nearly a year. But most importantly, it's true of how we are executing on our revitalization plan. During the first quarter, Coors Light and Miller Lite outperformed the combination of Bud Light and Michelob Ultra in U.S. industry share performance versus the prior year according to IRR. Our U.S. above premium portfolio grew brand volumes versus the prior year and continue to gain industry share according to IRR, and we took substantial steps toward our hard seltzer ambition.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Bill. Good morning. Yes, you're right. I mean, we had a spectacular launch of ZOA – it's not ZOA, sorry, it's Topo Chico and we got to almost a 20 share in Texas and we've got pretty close to 7 share of the overall seltzer market in its first week of performance. And as you rightly point out, we've had very strong reorders of Topo Chico. We're working with Coke to increase our supply of Topo Chico and I think it will be a little constrained as we meet the – I mean, the huge unexpected demand for that brand. But as the weeks progress, I think you'll see progressively those shelf spaces being full. I think it was the right decision for us to go to the limited number of markets that we did and we won't be expanding there, and so we're quite comfortable that we can meet the substantial demand that we've had in its existing markets.
Gavin Hattersley: I'll tell you what, Andrea. I'll take the marketing side of your equation and Tracey, if you can handle the G&A and the dividend side of Andrea's question.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Let me see. So towards the end of March, we did file an 8-K which laid out what we thought were going to be the impacts of the cybersecurity attack. If memory serves me correctly, we said 1.8 million to 2 million hectoliters and a shift of EBITDA of about $120 million to $140 million. Now, I would tell you that the recovery plan our supply chain teams just did a tremendous job in those, in sort of back end of March. So I would say, by the end of March, we were a couple of hundred thousand barrels ahead of where we were expecting to be. So I think you can assume that the impact was a little bit less than what we said in our 8-K. And as we sit here today, I think it's April 29, we continue to meet the recovery plan, and in fact exceeded a little bit. So I think our breweries are well on track with that recovery plan. And we have seen sequential improvement in our core brands inventory, but we're not where we want to be just yet. We expect to be much closer to where we want to be with those brands by Memorial Day, and then fully recovered on core brands towards – in the sort of back-end of the second quarter, and then we can focus in on those brands that we have paused beyond that. I think that's not as far as I may go on the impacts, Steve.
Gavin Hattersley: Texas is good, because the Texas brewery was closed for almost 11-day, government had shut the power down on us and it obviously has knock on impacts, because there are some of our input material suppliers in Texas as well. So it did have an impact to further up in Eastern seaboard as well. So I would say, certainly it did impact and was part of the 1.8 to 2 million hectoliters, which we announced. The lion's share was obviously the cybersecurity incident, but the Fort Worth shutdown was not immaterial.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. A lot going on there. Let me try and then maybe try and knock them off. So I'll start with your final point right which is actually more than half of the seltzer growth is actually coming from outside of the beer category. We've tested that number multiple times over the last year and it's pretty consistent. So obviously premium lights are losing supplement to seltzers, but it certainly is coming from other places, including craft and ironically economy, less so actually premium lights, which may surprise you, but it's what the data says. We have seen continued positive trends for Coors Light and Miller Lite over the past quarter and that's trailing with a strong performance that we had in 2020 and the focus on replacing on the health of our core brands is paying off, and specifically our ambitions to connect with new drinkers and giving them a real reason to reach for Miller Lite and Coors Light and it's kind of breakthrough that big beer advertising clutter with fresh creative approaches and we're seeing the benefits of it. For example, in Coors Light we're up significantly increased key brands and health metrics that consideration and that household penetration, positive impressions among 21 years to 34 year olds which is a key target market for us. And so far in 2021, Miller Lite have seen an increase in both consideration and positive impression and I can go on in quite some more detail on how the Coors Light campaign has turned the corner since the 2019 launch of two major chillers, brands growing segment share in premium lights, every quarter since we had that launched, we've cut our share loss in the total category by more than 70%, I think it was. Coors Light's continuing to establish itself as the brand consumers buy when they are ready to chill, so the campaign and for Coors Light is resonating strongly with our core market, but also our growth targets for example the Latino drinkers. So our revitalization strategy required us to invest behind our core brands, and we're doing exactly that and we are seeing the benefits of it. From a share point of view, I think I gave you some of the stats in our opening remarks, I don't know if I mentioned that above premium also gaining industry share. Blue Moon LightSky is doing particularly well and I haven't talked much about Vizzy, but we think we've got a real winner with Vizzy, it's achieved almost a 3% share in 2020 with only one skew and that skew moved faster in Q1 than all Bud Light Seltzer variety packs put together, we're expanding our footprint with new packs. We've got a second variety pack and the lemonade pack and we've got a third new variety launching in summer. Our variety pack number two is already turning faster than our variety pack number one, and here Vizzy Lemonade is the second fastest turning lemonade seltzer in the market. Vizzy actually had a record sales week last week. So you gave me a lot of questions, I'll try to give you lot of answers and give you a little bit of color, I hope that helps. Kevin.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. I think the answer to both of your questions Bryan is yes. During the pandemic, we certainly saw an increased demand for large trusted brands and that's particularly true in the on-premises as your question is directed at. We also saw in the off-premise, but it's particularly true in the on-premise where on-premise owners are sticking to fewer, faster moving brands, and that obviously benefits brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light and it also helps us from a Blue Moon point of view as well. I mean it's – Blue Moon is the largest craft brand as you know and it's disproportionately focused on the on-premise. So the reopening of the on-premise and the move to large trusted brands is helping us particularly with Miller Lite, Coors Light and Blue Moon and we've seen a tick up a couple of points in our share in the on-premise as the on-premises reopened. You referenced seltzers on-premise and certainly in packaged form I think that is absolutely right. I mean we're in – we've actually had triple-digit growth in our placements this year and retailers are reaching out to us asking for Topo Chico as quickly as possible, given it's spectacular launch and the demand that's been created by that and distribution of seltzers and velocity for us in the on-premise is actually increasing and it's going to give us a real opportunity to do large scale, sounding opportunities, particularly through our alliances because we know we've got great tasting products when we get consumers to try them, they're sold and that also applies to innovations like Blue Moon LightSky. We are launching to drive seltzers on a regional basis through our cross companies and we'll see how that plays out, but certainly we're seeing a big uptick in demand for our seltzer packaged brands in the on-premise. I hope I got all of that, Bryan.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Okay. Let me take the first question first. Look, as you know, we don't normally give these updates anymore, but I think given the cybersecurity incident, I'll make an exception and give you some flavor for how April's going. You referenced scanner data. I mean obviously that needs context, right? I mean the four week data, scanner data is including at massive loading that we had in the off-premise from March of last year and so it doesn't take into account any shift into the on-premise. Over the last four weeks, our sales to retailers in the United States are up mid single-digits, Rob. So quite different to what you're seeing in the scanner data. We're shipping over one million barrels a week in the USA as I said in my prepared remarks. The UK volumes have double-digits and despite that, as I said 30% to 40% of on-premise being open and only for outdoor dining. Your second question around seltzers, heading towards our goal of double-digits or 10% by the end of the year. I mean you're right. I mean we had a spectacular launch of Topo Chico in very limited markets in which it's in only in 16 markets. So I think we've got a clear winner here and we will continue to feel the potential of this brand, and based on the reaction in those 16 markets, I think it's got strong national potential and we will look to roll that out to future markets when we are confident that we can meet the unexpectedly very high demand that we had in its roll out markets. And you're right on Vizzy. I think we believe we have a real winner with Vizzy. I won't repeat the stats I just gave. I think it was to Bryan or Kevin, but I think particularly exciting for us is the fact that Vizzy Lemonade is the second fastest turning lemonade seltzer, and as I said, we had a record sales week for Vizzy last year. We're pleased with the performance. We have singular SKU last year. We only launched in April and we had inventory challenges. While we're meeting all the demand for Vizzy now that we've got the capacity up and running in our Fort Worth brewery. That means that we are more confident to get to our 10% target. We certainly think we've got the brands in the seltzer space to do that and now we need to execute. I think the early data in the European market suggests that seltzer is going to be good. I'm not sure yet that I'm ready to tell you that it's going to be as good as it is in the United States. We don't have any data to support that, but certainly Three Fold has landed well in the United Kingdom and Wai is already in a couple of markets in Central Eastern Europe, and we'll be rolling it out more fully towards the – in this month. So I hope that helps, Rob.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Trace. And many thanks Trace. On the revenue side, Bonnie, look in terms of pricing, we don't give forward pricing guidance. Rather than using pricing to offset higher COGS, we've got hedging programs in place which Tracey mentioned and we have the cost savings programs in place as well. And I don't know, Trace, did you mentioned the fact that our guidance does actually include any new in cost pressures, which we may have. We factored that into the guidance which Tracey gave earlier on. Thanks, Bonnie.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Sean. Yes look, my excitement on ZOA got ahead of me when I was answering a Topo Chico question earlier on, and ZOA has been extraordinarily well received by retailers and by distributors alike, and we've got a very strong partner in Dwayne Johnson. He is not just a celebrity partnership, he is actually an owner of the business together with us, and frankly, every time he puts something out on Instagram, he reaches 231 million followers in a nanosecond. The true test of how innovation lands, is what are the distributors order. I mean, we just had our order window for the very first order closed, I think it was either last night or the night before, and the orders are strong and that tells you how the distributors feel about it. The retailers are particularly excited about it as well. So we're just getting into the market with it now. So I don't want to get ahead of myself, but where it has been in the market with some of the vitamin stores and GnC and online and it's been – the results are tremendous. So short story, very excited about ZOA from a retailer and a supplier and consumer point of view. La Colombe, we've already hit our distribution targets. We had distribution target with our partner La Colombe that was set for the full year and we are in April and we've hit them. So, and that is an illustration of how distributors have executed in C stores and the drug chain. So short answer is very good, Sean. From a Yuengling point of view, tremendous amount of work has gone into getting that going to launch in the fall of this year in Texas. They've made tremendous progress with the joint venture hiring and for setting up the distributor relationships, awarding the brand to the various distributors in Texas and gaining commitments, talking to the chain. So I would say we are exactly where we thought we'd be with the Yuengling joint venture.
Gavin Hattersley: Look Kaumil, I'm not going to break down the sort of brand contribution to our NSR. I'll give you two points though. One, is that our seltzers and almost all the value innovation operates in the above premium space and some in the super premium space and some of our innovation actually operates even above the super premium space. There's a lot of profit to go around for both ourselves, for our suppliers, for distributors and for retail. These are all above premium brands and they're all going to contribute to the bottom line over time. So as far as contribution to NSR is concerned, I mean essentially we had one brand in the market for eight months of the year last year with Vizzy and I think we exited the last – exited the year close to a full share of seltzers and we are closer to seven share now than we were at a four share. We've got the plans, we've got the marketing muscle to put behind our seltzers for the balance of the year. I'm not going to be repetitive, and hold you on all the excitement around Vizzy end, both with Topo Chico. Proof Point's just launched into the market, so that these brands are coming off a very low base from a contribution point of view in 2020 to our business and so we would expect them to be a much more meaningful contribution to our business in 2021. I hope that's helpful Kaumil.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Debbie. And thanks everybody for participating in our call. There may be additional technical questions, which you have and please feel free to follow-up with our Investor Relations team and we look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So with that, thanks everybody for participating in today's call and have a great day.
Tracey Joubert: Thank you, Gavin, and hello everyone. Despite the challenges Gavin mentioned, we are proud of our operational agility and resilience as we are deeply managed through these challenges, while still continuing to execute our revitalization plan. Now let me take you through our quarterly results and provide an update on our outlook. Consolidated net sales revenue decreased 11.1% in constant currency, principally due to lower financial volumes, which declined 12% while brand volumes declined 9.1%. We delivered net pricing growth in North America and Europe as well as positive brand mix in the U.S. as we continue to premiumize our portfolio. However, this was more than offset by the on-premise restrictions due to the coronavirus pandemic and a corresponding negative channel mix as well as the unfavorable shipment timing in the U.S. related to the cybersecurity incident and the Texas winter storms. Net sales per hectoliter on a brand volume basis increased 1.8% in constant currency as the net pricing growth more than offset the negative mix effects in Canada and Europe. Underlying COGS per hectoliter increased 5.6% on a constant currency basis, driven by cost inflation and volume deleverage partially offset by cost savings. Driving cost inflation was higher transportation costs due to the continued tightening of the freight market in North America as well as higher can sourcing costs as we continue to source additional aluminum cans from all over the world to address the significant off-premise demand for our core brands.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So – and hi, Laurent. So just in terms of our confidence around our guidance. So we did reaffirm the guidance as we said. The actions that we took in 2020 greatly improved our financial flexibility which better enabled us to execute against our capital allocation priorities including investing behind our brands and our business to grow topline and to grow our topline to pay down our debt and as we said we pay down $1.1 billion since March of 2020 And so the next lever is to return cash to our shareholders and as we see consistent with our Q4 2020 earnings coming, we do currently anticipate that our Board will be in a position to reinstate the dividend in the second half of the year, and we are having those discussions with them as to when and how we will reinstate that dividend.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Andrea from a G&A point of view, obviously, the odd things like T&E that we're just not spending behind with the restrictions in travel and other targeted cost savings for example, in the UK the on-premise was locked down for the entire quarter. There were obviously savings related to that as well from the G&A point of view. I also want to remind you that we do had the cost savings program that we announced last year, $600 million over three years. In 2020, we achieved $270 million of that $600 million and we expect to achieve in sort of roughly in equal portions the balance in 2021 and 2022. And so there is the cost savings, which we are continuing to track very well against. That will provide some relief and enable us to carry on it with our revitalization plan and invest behind our brands to grow the topline. As it relates to the Board, and as I said we are having conversations with the Board. We are assessing exactly when and how and or we will be recommending to the Board to reinstate the dividend. So I can't say much more than that, but more to come.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Bonnie, so I'll take the cost questions. So our underlying COGS in the quarter increased 5.6% and 470 basis points of that was inflation with just – and a half of that related to the transportation. So as I think everyone knows the freight market is really tight. We spoke about that in Q4 and we said we expected to continue to be advancing in Q1. This starts showing improvements in January and the beginning of February, but the net change with all the winter storms and that caused major disruptions to the entire transportation networks. So we expect to continue to see that happening in the freight market. And then as it relates to us, sourcing cans from four continents has also actually added to that inflation. And in terms of levers to mitigate that, I did mention our cost savings program, so we did have a $270 million of the $600 million in 2020. We expect to deliver the balance of that in 2021 and 2022 roughly in equal portions, and we are doing – so far we are tracking well to achieve those savings. And the majority of those cost savings are focused on COGS. So in addition to the cost savings program, as you mentioned, we have really robust hedging program. We hedge all our commodities, we can, I don't want to get into the detail of how we hedge, but our hedging programs are robust, and that will help to mitigate some of the inflationary pressure that we are seeing.
Tracey Joubert: Just in terms of, when you talk of the cyber incident. In Q1, as we said in our earnings release, we did incur a net expense of $2 million as it related to various consultants and experts that helped us and are helping us with the investigation. I just don't want to talk too much about it because it is an open investigation around the incident, but just in terms of investments, we have spend significant amount of CapEx upgrading our systems in North America and we spoken about U.S. for a number of years our PP&E systems and at this stage, we are also upgrading our system support, Canada we will be actually taking the Canadian systems and putting it on to our U.S. systems. So more than that, Lauren, I really don't want to give, because it is an open investigation. Just in terms of Q2, though as it relates specifically to the incidents, we do anticipate some through the minimal really immaterial costs as we could have put it to-date.
