Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Look, you're right, okay, I won't rehash everything, Tracey said in her opening remarks, but let me just start off by saying we did in the second quarter, exactly what we said we were going to do. In fact, we did it at the lower end or the better end of the guidance that we gave the market after the second quarter -- the first quarter, sorry, in the second quarter. So where do we stand right now, right? I mean we had an 11-week strike in the second quarter, which we obviously knew about the strike, and that's why we guided you to where we did. But we grew dollar share in the U.S. on a 13-quarter week basis. And we're 1 of only 2 major beer companies to actually achieve dollar share growth in the 13-week time frame. We've got the fastest-growing Hard Seltzer portfolio. Coors Light and Miller Lite are really strong, and they had their best quarterly industry share performance in the U.S., our both premium brands hit record highs. Our U.S. economy beer portfolio has had its best quarterly performance versus the industry in 3 years. Our revenue is holding up. That's evidenced by the fact that our share is doing really well despite the fact that we put a price increase in the earlier part of this year. It gives us confidence to put another price increase then, as Tracey said, in the back half of the year. So notwithstanding everything that's happened, our brand portfolio is strong, whether that's in the United States or whether it's in Canada or whether it's in Europe, and we feel very good about building off of that. And as I said, look, I'm not going to rehash everything Tracey said, and I don't think you should either, but I mean do you want to make a comment about the cost environment that Kevin referenced.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Eric. Look, you're right. I mean we don't give monthly guidance. We stopped doing that a while ago. I think you can see our performance in the share data that comes out from a Nielsen or an IRR basis, which is publicly available data. And I can reiterate what I just said from a share point of view. Our brands are growing share, not only in the United States from a dollar point of view, but also in Canada and also in our third other big market, which is the U.K. So we're continuing to build on the strength which we delivered in Q2. We've got some really positive innovations, which have only just hit the market. I talked about Simply Spiked. That brand has really just taken off. We've already exceeded our business case for the year. We're ramping up supply as quickly as we possibly can to meet demand, which has frankly surprised us. We've accelerated the in-housing of Simply into the Fort Worth brewery for 2 -- I mean, we weren't planning to do that until next year, frankly, but demand is so strong that we brought it in-house, and we did that in a record time. I think it took us about 6 weeks to get it into the brewery and we're getting cost savings and ramping up supply into the market. So I would expect our share trends in the flavored malt beverage space to accelerate as we're going forward. And without wishing to rehash everything I said about Miller Lite and Coors Light and our Above Premium space, we're in a great share position. And Tracey mentioned some of the headwinds which go away for us in the second half. I mean we -- essentially last Christmas in the U.K. and Europe, and it's a really important time period for that business last year, and we're obviously not expecting to lose it again this year. And we're coming out of the Canadian Montreal, Quebec strike. All of Canada's volume loss that took place in the second quarter came out of Quebec. If it hadn't been for the strike, we would have -- but we did grow volumes outside of Quebec. And as we ramp up supply into the third quarter and specifically the fourth quarter, I would expect to see the improvements there. So I think we had a strong quarter. We had a strong quarter, despite the soft industry, despite the global inflationary pressures and the labor strike and we delivered what we said we're going to deliver and at the better end of that.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, Bryan, to advance that golfing, yes, I think we landed in the middle of the fairway, maybe about 10 yards further than than we expected. We didn’t really – we didn’t obviously head into our guidance the voluntary product withdrawal. I think the Montreal went on just a couple of weeks longer than we were expecting it to. And despite all that, as you said, we landed in the middle of the fairway. Well, what's changed, right? I mean we knew we were going to take a price increase in the fall. We're probably going to get a little more than we were expecting. So it was our expectation that we're going to get it. But we're probably taking a little bit more, as I said. I think the overall industry is maybe just a little softer than we had expected. And when you add all of these things up, that gives us the confidence to deliver what we said we're going to deliver, Bryan. I don't know if that's helpful.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, if you look at our 3 big markets, Bryan, in the U.K. from an on-premise point of view, it's settled down very close to 2019 levels. So I think in the first part of the quarter, it was a tad below and in June, it was a tad above. So call it, 98% of 2019 prepandemic levels in the U.K. In Canada, it's a little bit more tricky for us, right, because Quebec is an important on-premise market, and we were constrained in supply in Quebec. But even outside of the Quebec market, Canada has lagged the rest of the world in terms of consumers' propensity to get back into the on-premise. And in the U.S., Bryan, which is obviously our biggest market, it has settled down in the sort of 85% to at the top end sometimes 90% level. And I think that's probably where it's going to settle until circuit back into the big cities like New York and Chicago, and start visiting bars and restaurants on a more regular basis. I think commuting and office work habits have changed fairly meaningfully through the pandemic. And obviously, that's hitting the bigger market. So I would say it's probably more in the off-premise side than in the on-premise side that, that comment applies to.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Okay. So on the SKU rationalization and the discontinuation of some of our Economy brands, there's 2 sides to this, right? From an STW perspective, that has a quicker impact than an STR or brand volume perspective. Because obviously, from an STR perspective, both our distributors and our retailers had inventory on hand of the brands that we discontinued. And so they continued to sell those until they sort of ran out, right? And that would take place, frankly, more towards the back end of the third quarter and into the fourth. From a shipment point of view, obviously, when we had the cybersecurity attack, we stopped shipping a bunch of Economy brands and we started picking those back up again, some of them towards the end of Q2, but predominantly in the end of Q3. So from a shipment point of view, the benefit is sooner than from an STR point of view. So if that -- hope I explained that, that okay. From a pricing point of view, look, I mean, we feel confident about putting pricing into the marketplace behind our brands. If you look at the peer CPI versus the national average CPI, even after putting these price increases into the market, we'll still be less than that and we're substantially less than some of the other products, which consumers are buying, whether it's eggs or bread or milk or gas, whatever. I mean we're substantially lower than those levels and lower than overall national average CPI. Our brands have also held up really well in the last sort of 4, 5 months since we put the overall price increase in place. I mean I don't think it's a coincidence as I said, that we're growing share. We’re 1 of only 2 major beer companies in the United States to deliver dollar share growth in the 13-week time period. So we feel very good about the strength of our brands and the ability of them to absorb more pricing in the fall.
Gavin Hattersley: I guess you're asking to break down the industry -- the shipment decline, Kaumil. And I would say that the overall North American shipment decline was driven primarily by 2 things, right? One was the strike in Canada, which was the entirety of the Canadian volume loss. And the second 1 was obviously the -- I think I said this on the call last time around, we pulled out every stop we possibly could in the second quarter of last year to try and recover from a devastating cybersecurity attack. So we were shipping beer all over the country, we were -- folks were working long hours, over time, everything to try and make sure that we got as much beer out to the distributors. And that was inefficient and it cost us a bunch of money last year to do that. Obviously, this year, we're in a much more normal environment given our inventory levels. And we're not making sort of -- we -- our service levels are where we need them to be. So we're not having to ship beer all over the country at a higher cost in the second and the third quarters to meet that demand. And because of that, obviously, our shipments are a lot less. So that would be the biggest impact from a deleverage point of view. And the second biggest would be obviously our Canadian volumes. Our overall plan for the year is to ship to consumption, Kaumil. So that's generally our plan. We have shipped less than retail so far. And we'll get the deleverage benefit going forward. I don't really think deleverage will be a driver for us in Q2. In other words, a negative drag. Sorry, not in the second half -- yes, it won't be a negative driver for us in H2.
Gavin Hattersley: our plan for the full year is to shift to consumption, Kaumil. We've got work to do in Canada to catch up with what happened with the strike, right? I mean, obviously, having an 11-week strike at a really big plant like that is not a positive for us. And it will take us the whole of Q3 and into Q4 to recover from that. So certainly from a Canadian point of view, we will be shipping -- my expectation we would be shipping higher than we were selling. In the U.S., I think we shipped below STRs in the first half. And so you can expect that we will align that over the full year.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Drew. Look, I mean, from a marketing perspective, obviously, we don't manage our marketing spend on a quarter-by-quarter basis. We manage it over the year, and we manage it long -- for the long term. And we frankly don't always spend marketing in the same quarter as we did in the previous year, depending on what happens. Specifically to your question, though, obviously, the Quebec strike went on a little longer than we expected, and it made no sense for us to be marketing up in Canada when we were not able to supply. And so we did spend less in marketing, particularly in Canada than we were originally intending, because of the fact that we had the strike and at some point, we didn't have any beer to sales. So that was, I think, probably a good decision on our part. Outside of Quebec, we increased our marketing spend across the board. And we had some  marketing spend. Simply launch, as I said, has just been off the charts good. And we don't normally launch innovations in the time period that we'd launched Simply. We normally do them earlier than that. So there's a bit of marketing spend that's coming through in Q2 there. From a pricing point of view, obviously, we do watch what our brand's performance is when we put pricing into the market. We watch very carefully how it performs and what the elasticity is. I think we said on the Q1 call that elasticity wasn't as high as 1 would have expected given the pricing that we put into the marketplace in January and February of this year. And we'll do the same thing again with this price increase. We'll watch the elasticities and we'll watch how our brands perform in the market very carefully. But without rehashing what I said, our brand performance from a share point of view is strong, and we're pleased with it.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Vivien. Look, I mean, the strength of Miller Lite and Coors is like long predated, the softness of some of our competitors seltzers. So you can take from that what you wish. But I think our Miller Lite and Coors Light brand performance has been very strong for quite some time now. And that's because they've got great differentiated marketing programs and are really nice and healthy. I mean we had the best quarterly industry share performance in the U.S. in nearly 7 years. And potentially when you look at the outstanding performance of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, its something which might be driving the softness of some of our competitors. I mean our market share has grown 25%, as I said, and that's largely driven by Topo Chico, which is actually doing really well in markets where the Topo Chico name is not necessarily that well known. We're getting we're getting strong growth in market shares in those markets. So I guess that's what I would say, Vivien.
Gavin Hattersley: I think, Steve, one of the -- any positives that come out of the pandemic. One of them is that it's driven us to be way more flexible and agile than we were maybe 3 years ago. And our marketing team is a particular personification of that. They really are agile in terms of how they spend their money and where they spend their money, pushing behind things that are working, shifting dollars to things that are really doing great and maybe dialing back on things where they're not doing that well. So I would say to you that we are very flexible. We are very agile and we're very happy to lean into things that are working. I think Simply would be an example of that. It's performing so much better than we expected. And I would expect that we'll put a bit more fuel behind that fire as we go forward. So we're very flexible, Steve. We obviously do have a plan that we come into the year with and the team adjusts as and when it makes more sense for us. I mean the work which that they have done together with finance and the other teams from an ROI point of view continues to get better and better and the teams know what works and what doesn't work and pretty flexible in changing that on the fly.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, look, from an overall perspective, I think Miller Lite and Coors Light, which is 2/3 of our U.S. business, Robert, both of those brands grew the top line in the quarter. They grew share in the quarter, and they are doing -- they're well positioned and doing well. In terms of individual brand volumes, Robert, we don't have plans to disclose that at this point.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Robert, I'm not going to give you individual brand volume -- that brand volume performance. We don't do that, and I don't plan to.
Gavin Hattersley: Tracey has pointed out that I can tell you that our brand volume declines in the U.S. were driven by the Economy brands. So you can assume from that, that everything else in total grew. So just that piece of context. As far as the revitalization plan is concerned, Robert, from a cost point of view, I mean we're pretty much done. There is a little bit more cost still to come out from the revitalization plan, but it's not meaningful. On -- from a cost point of view, though, we are always looking at taking more efficient ways of doing things in our business. We invest capital in a variety of ways to achieve that. The Simply in-housing, for example, is a fine example of that, right, where we can take our cost down without actually much capital investments in the process. So revitalization costs pretty much done. Ongoing, we've always been looking for ways to be more efficient and that won’t change. From a revitalization plan point of view, obviously, our goal ultimately with the revitalization plan was to drive top line and bottom line growth at the same time and on a consistent basis. And that obviously remains our goal. And this year, we've got guidance out there that says that we will do it. And it's obviously not intended to be a one-off goal for us. It's supposed to be an ongoing goal for us. In terms of making sure that our core brands are healthy and strong. I don't think that 1 can ever say that it's done. We need to stay strong and vigilant behind that, but I think we've made amazing progress there. And we've still got lots of work that we want to do in the Above Premium and the Beyond beer space, Robert. We are doing well. Above Premium is exceeding our economy share of our portfolio. But our ambitions to drive our Above Premium volumes and revenue up doesn't stop there. So we'll continue to invest behind that space, to invest behind the innovations and to drive our emerging growth division with some of the great new brands and relationships that we've got in that space. ZOA, obviously, being 1 of the lead ones.
Gavin Hattersley: I think what we're trying to say there is that we're not expecting to have the situation in the fourth quarter of last year as we had in the fourth -- this year, as we had in the fourth quarter last year. So if you -- if you think back to what was happening in Q4 of 2021, the Omicron was fairly rampant, and we pretty much lost the Christmas season in the U.K., which is a big season for us. So we're not assuming the same thing to happen. We're not also assuming unrealistic expectations in terms of, if the U.S. is at 85%, we're assuming something pretty similar to that. But we are assuming better performance out of Canada and U.K. when you compare it with last year, yes. Over to you, Greg.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Kevin, maybe just a little bit of context, I'll just talk about firstly our COGS per hectoliter in Q2. So we reported an 11.5% underlying cost per hectoliter increase. So if I break that down, inflation was 570 basis points of that. And then the mix, our premiumization of our portfolio was 300 basis points. So we always look at that as a good thing driving the premiumization. And then deleverage was 210 basis points driven by, as we said, the inventory goals last year in the U.S. and the Quebec strike. So those are the big drivers of our COGS per hectolitre in the second quarter. As we look out then to the balance of the year, I mean, we expect inflationary pressures to continue. But we do expect to mitigate some of that through our hedging and our cost savings program. So in terms of the hedging coverage, as we look out over the balance of 2022, we're very comfortable with our hedge position. We continue to make good progress against our cost savings program, and we expect the realization of some of those savings under our program to be weighted to the fourth quarter of this year. And then as I also mentioned, I think it's very important to understand that the deleverage that we saw in Q2, we don't expect to see a similar deleverage impact in the second half of the year to what we saw in Q2. So I would just consider those big drivers as you look out at the back half of the year as it relates to our costs.
Tracey Joubert: So Nadine, from a COGS point of view, the 1 thing I can tell you is, I think I've spoken about our hedging program and how we hedge. And so if I look at 2023, I mean we're comfortable with our hedge position as we stand today. In terms of other drivers of our cost for next year, we haven’t given guidance on that. But there’s a couple of things obviously, looking at commodities all the time. We see freight rates coming down on some commodities that are growing up, so it’s a little bit of a mix bag at the moment. And costs going forward – there’s still a lot of uncertainty, but its something that obviously we continue to look at as we get into next year, we’ll talk a little bit more about our asset for 2023.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Let me just say -- let me reiterate our guidance for the full year. But let me kind add some color for you for the third and fourth quarter. So firstly, from a phasing point of view, I would tell you that in Q3, just remember that we're still going to be cycling to some degree, the Economy SKU rationalization. And again, as Gavin mentioned, the Quebec labor strike, even though ended in June, it will take time to ramp that brewery back up with normal shipments not resuming until Q4. So that's in Q3. When we look at Q4, there's several positive drivers, as I've mentioned, that's going to help offset the headwinds in Q3. We spoke about incremental pricing. We've spoken about the top line comparisons really beginning to ease in the fourth quarter with the on-premise restrictions in the fourth quarter of last year. I mentioned the World Cup, which is taking place in November. So that's a big beer drinking event. And then just from an investment point of view, I think Gavin mentioned that we expect to invest more in 2022 than we did in 2021. But in the second half of the year, we expect marketing investment to be down, but in Q3, higher relative year-over-year investments in the third quarter. And then in the fourth quarter, we don't anticipate increases. And then just a final thing to mention is the deleverage impact in the second half of the year. I mean we don't expect to see that deleverage impact that we saw in Q2 of this year. So yes, that's about as much color, I think, that I can give here.
