Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Bryan. So, obviously, I tried to offer a perspective when we met in June, and I think that held good at that point in time. And on the back of that, Q2 estimates came down by about $0.09 and full year estimates came up by about $0.07. So you've now seen our Q2 reported numbers and I think we've given a perspective as we come into the second half. Clearly, there'll be a benefit from the rev-rec reversal. There'll be a benefit from the STW builds. As you mentioned, inflation pressures are reasonably intense at the moment. So I think we've still got a pretty balanced perspective on the full year. And if you remember, against the backdrop of what's been reasonably sluggish demand inflation and some of the mix challenges, we came into the year with a sense of a contingency in our plan and we're working hard on not only our base cost savings, but additional cost mitigation. I think we're demonstrating we've got flexibility with regard to our commercial spend and we're very focused on driving the right decisions to ensure that we deliver against the deleverage commitment. So probably a bit of a longer answer than you anticipated, but hopefully that gives you the color.
Mark R. Hunter: I think, Judy, you also want to talk just about making sure that we've got the balance right in terms of supporting our portfolio. And one of the things that we benefit from is the fact that our ROMI program allows us to, I think, measure in a pretty sophisticated way where we get the biggest bang for our buck. And interestingly, if you look at Coors Light and Miller Lite in the U.S., our spend is relatively similar, pretty much identical. Miller Lite is performing better. So it really is about kind of the quality of our content and the quality of our execution, and that's really what we're focused on.
Mark R. Hunter: And, Gerald, the other thing I would add is, as we went through this process, the decision we had to make was do we want to be a spectator or a participant. We concluded we wanted to be a participant in this new segment and we concluded we wanted to be an active participant with a trusted partner, and that's what we've announced today. I think it's clear that the opportunity is still unproven, because we're actually not through legalization. But we believe, based on all the work we've done, that it's potentially have got very significant potential and that needs to be proven out over the medium to long term. So this is a first step for us. I think it's a very appropriate structure that we've set up and we're very excited about what the next handful of years could bring.
Mark R. Hunter: Andrea, on our MG&A, we don't split that out by separate line item. So it's bundled together and we're not going to break that out. On the second point, the challenge we're dealing with on Coors Light is not unique in our business. We've dealt with this challenge in many of other markets with our large core brands and we've got a track record of both stabilizing and turning around our brands. And actually in the U.S. if you look at the success on Miller Lite, so our spend levels on Coors Light are very equivalent to our spend levels in Miller Lite. So for me, this is less of a spend issue and much more of quality of content and focus of execution issue, and that's what the teams are resolved to deal with as we go through the second half. I'm not going to predict where our share number will be in the second half, but as Gavin and I have spoken to getting our broader business stabilized and back into growth remains a strategic imperative in the U.S.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, I mean, across our business, I think we have built our sophistication around our pricing and revenue management approach, and we're very clear on the frameworks and our expectations that we have across our markets. But the specific detail is delegated to each of the business unit CEOs to make sure they're making the right calls on a market-by-market basis. But, clearly, as I think we've talked about consistently, premiumization of our portfolios are driving our mix positively and, at the same time, making sure the overall NSR per hectoliter continues to move up as one of the KPIs that we set for our self in our business. So that's kind of a broad perspective. Gavin, do you want to talk in a bit more detail about the U.S. pricing environment and our intentions going forward? Not that you offer a lot of detail, I'm sure.
Mark R. Hunter: Lauren, the only other thing I would add is just a reminder of how our incentive program is set up. So our annual incentive program has got four key components, one of which is our NSR per hectoliter. So it has been and remains a priority in our business to improve our NSR through both pure price and mix.
Mark R. Hunter: It's a good question, Pablo, and our focus is absolutely on Canada at this point in time. It's going to be federally legal and approved there, and in the U.S. that's not the case. So we'll keep a watch in brief on the U.S., but as a federally regulated company then we'll tread very, very carefully. And I think the great thing about what we're doing in Canada gives us a real opportunity to incubate and test. As I mentioned, this whole segment and the opportunity is speculated, but unproven at this point in time. We believe potentially it's got really significant potential and we're going to learn a lot. And if other markets start to open up in due course and this becomes federally legal, then we'll be in a good place at that point in time. But Canada is a focus at this stage, Pablo.
Mark R. Hunter: Tristan, one last point is that if you look at the CMOs across our business, every one of our CMOs has got a balance and a blend of both sales and marketing experience. So that's a model that certainly has worked for us and continues to work for us in our other business units.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, Brett, it's a good question. I think it varies on a kind of geography-by-geography basis. I mean, we try and be as sophisticated as we can when we look at how much we're investing behind our brands and look broadly competitively principally against our beer competitors, but we do also reference what's happening in other segments as well. But the principal focus is really against our beer competitors. I think once you get into spirits and you look at some of the premium pricing and just some of the kind of niche segments, it's very difficult to draw comparison. So we continued to use our ROMI model. We continue to test the effectiveness of our spend in marketplace. And if you look at our International and our Europe business, for example, through the second quarter and first half, our MG&A spend is down and our performance is strong and improving. So I think we're pretty sophisticated in terms of how we look at the absolute spend requirements and the competitiveness of the market, and clearly that's always going to be set in the context of how is our broader business performing, what's inflationary pressures, what's happening with the overall industry demand. So it's a pretty complex three-dimensional model and it's as much science as we can and a little bit of art. I don't know if that helps, Brett.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Anita. Thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. I think we'll see many of you at the Boston Back-to-School Conference that's coming up in early September, and thank you for your continued interest in our company. Bye, everybody.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, sure, Mark. I mean, look, Robert, it's no secret that the first six months have been a difficult six months for Coors Light. It has disproportionately, relative to some other brands, been impacted by the BP&S issues that we had in Golden. About a fifth of its decline in the second quarter would be associated with that. We launched new marketing executions in the middle of the second quarter and they're a step-up on last year, but they haven't driven a strong enough change in momentum. And so we'll be leaning in more heavily and even more differently on The World's Most Refreshing Beer messaging. Our summer YETI program landed really well with our distributors and our retailers. And so we'll be building – it gives us a nice base for next summer. We're learning on our media mix what works and what doesn't, and so we'll be adjusting our media mix and leaning into what is working and what is not. And the final thing I would say is that our new CMO, who we're in the process of recruiting, their number one job will be Coors Light.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, Robert, we're looking at a wide range of candidates. We're looking for a fresh perspective on our marketing with, as I said, an urgent focus on turning around Coors Light and getting more growth in above premium. Our plans for the summer are locked, they're loaded, and we're executing them. And I don't need to sacrifice finding the right person for a short-term timeline. So we're moving at pace to recruit the marketing leader, but we're not ready to announce that yet.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, sure, Mark. I mean, also add just a touch more color to the second quarter, Steve. Our Golden rollout did hurt us in the second quarter, probably about 100 basis points from a volume percentage point of view. And we also agree with the industry pundits that July 4 falling on a Wednesday hurt volume sales in June. And, of course, we had the holiday timing and difficult April. And, as Mark says, our trends have improved quite nicely in the last four-week read. From a shipments point of view, we're still expecting to build inventory with our distributors as we head into the next go-lives. We've had suggested orders for July and the distributors have actually met that and slightly exceeded it. So I think our comments around inventory build that we made on the first quarter call still hold true for the second half, and you will see STWs outpace STRs meaningfully in the second half as we build those inventories heading into the full year and the $30 million number still holds true.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah. Mark, I mean, you covered it fairly comprehensively. I mean, all I can add to what you said was, I mean, obviously, given the first six months, we're not going to get to flat in 2018 and you've covered the reasons why. It doesn't change the strategic importance of it, but we're certainly not going to get to flat and growth by any cost. I think we were pretty clear on that as well. We've had some self-inflicted challenges around our Golden rollout and our intent just to make sure that those don't happen with our future rollouts. If you take a step back and look at the three segments, we're pleased with our performance. In the economy portfolio, we've met our objective of halving our decline rate and holding share. We have grown the above premium overall, but we're not growing as quickly as we want to do, not by any means. And we do think we've got some real winners in above premium, which we'll be leaning into, like Sol and Arnold Palmer Spiked and Peroni and our craft companies. Blue Moon has returned to growth. Blue Moon was the biggest impact after Coors Banquet of our Golden go-live, and so that brand family has returned to growth in the last four weeks. A strong brand, very pleased with that. And as Mark says, Coors Light remains our biggest challenge in the Premium Light segment. Miller Lite continues to gain meaningful share of Premium Light, and job number one for us is to return Coors Light to the position it was in before.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, sure. This is not just about marketing. There's many elements of Coors Light which we're working on and which we need to improve focus and trajectory. So, no, this is not just about a marketing campaign at all.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: But just one call out. I've noticed a number of folk are calling out 0.9% increase in our pricing. Actually, that is 1.6% when you adjust on a comparable basis for the revenue recognition guidance. We had negative mix in the quarter of about 80 basis points, so our frontline up about 2.4% across all the pricing components. Most of that mix negativity was package mix. And, obviously, that's driven by the success of our Keystone Light 15 packs and Keystone Ice. And from a cost input pressure point of view, I mean, we've made no secret about the fact that aluminum tariffs and freight and the unjustified increase in the Midwest Premium are having a negative impact on our cost structure, and they may factor into future pricing decisions. That said, as Mark says, we price our brands as we always have priced them. It's done at the local level. It's done at market by market and brand by brand, and it takes into account the competitive environment in which we're operating.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: No, I don't think our share performance has been impacted by pricing. I think our share loss is driven by the challenging supply chain environment that we've had in the first six months, which we are, obviously, through that now. Our competitors' innovations have driven faster results than our innovations have and we'll, obviously, be driving hard against that. We're also cycling some really good share performance from last year. We're cycling the Keystone 15-pack from last year. And whilst Keystone Light is still growing very nicely, our biggest competitor is, obviously, benefiting from the launch of the Natty Light 15-pack. Our share trends are stabilized and actually slightly improved over the last two reads.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, sure. No, there haven't been out-of-cycle price increases, Pablo. I think the comment you might be referencing was some of the soft drink guys have taken out-of-cycle pricings. We have not done that. And then from an STW point of view, certainly in Q3 and Q4 I would be expecting our STWs to run ahead of STRs. I mean, I'm not ready to give you any input or feedback for Q1 or Q2 of next year at this point.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, sure. And, Mark, just a few things. I mean, Sol growing in triple digits, we're very pleased with that. Lots of excitement from our distributors. And that triple-digit increase in volume is in the context of a substantial increase in price. I mean, our dollars are running – and retail dollars are running substantially higher than that. We're well over 200%. So when you think about that and the new premium bottle, the new 24-ounce can, the new vibrant and fresh look for the brand, we're very excited about it and so are our distributors, and we're seeing that.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, I mean, thanks, Mark. Tristan, we spend a lot of time looking at the gaps between our various brands, between the economy brands and the Premium Light brands. And I think I said on the call last year maybe that in some markets we've probably gone a little too far in economy and dialed it back a little bit. But generally we're very careful about the gaps that exist between our economy and our Premium Lights, and also our above premium brands and we spend a lot of time looking at what our competitors are doing. Yeah, I mean, it's true that in some markets the price of beer is very similar to what it was many years ago, but I could point to just as many markets where that is not true. And, I think, we've also been consistent in the fact that we have taken price fairly consistently on an overall basis over the years. I wouldn't necessarily agree with all the premises of what you're saying.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, I mean, I think you answered the question perfectly, Mark. We're not just looking for someone who's a pure brand architect brand architect, but I do want someone who's got deep brand experience. And beyond that, looking for a broader commercially-oriented person. My comments around marketing, Tristan, was about this is not just a marketing campaign, right? It's about all elements, as Mark said earlier on, around 360 through-the-line approach. And so, how you come to market, in which pack sizes, what your visual identity is, how you bring The World's Most Refreshing Beer to life in the market, it's all of these elements.
