Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, absolutely. I mean, Judy, in truth, I don't think we've seen anything dramatic change in the Canadian environment. We did see the benefit of Easter, as Peter said, just from a timing perspective, and we saw volumes, particularly strong in the West, which enjoyed some better weather. So I can't say that I have seen anything that is dramatically different in the environment. Having said that, to pick up on your question about Québec, that tax increase went into effect this week. It's a fairly sizable increase of about 26% increase in tax, similar to what we saw in -- at the end of 2012. And we do expect that to be negative, but we'll have to see what happens over the rest of the quarter. Just, you asked also I guess about industry conditions or competitive dynamics across Canada. I would say that overall, the market continues to be very competitive. Discounting was most pronounced in Québec, where we saw aggressive discounting in the independent off-premise and in the value segment. And in BC, the mainstream segment moved pricing closer to value. As a result, we saw a slowdown in value in that market. Responding to those market conditions year-to-date, we've carefully managed our portfolio to drive revenue ahead of cost and to ensure appropriate returns for our promotional investments. Sometimes, that has led to some choice of share versus profit.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Okay. So a couple of things there. So first of all, we called out the Modelo impact as $18 million for the year, which is roughly $12 million through COGS and about $6 million through G&A. Specific to the second quarter, that was roughly around $7 million with the same kind of split, so that just helped you parse that number. Obviously, the impact in Q1 was much less. We haven't given any specific numbers to marketing, but what I would do is pick up on Peter's comments last quarter where he was clear that we are going to continue to invest behind our brands, continue to spend no less than we have spent. And I think if you looked at Canada on that basis, we called out that we've underspent in the first half of the year and therefore, there will be some catch-up in the second half, with most of that coming in the third quarter.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, look, Bryan, I think we did see some benefit in the second quarter. I mean, Coors Light had a better quarter. We increased news. We had more offers. We had better in-store execution. And as a result, we saw Coors Light volume decrease low single-digits. Having said that, the performance is still not satisfactory. It's still losing share of beer. So there's more work to be done. And as I shared at our Investor Day, the elements of focus for us are more brand news, better in-store execution and better marketing execution. And so it's that last piece, I think, where a lot of our effort is focused for the moment on, the next round of copy that we hope to make even better than the last.
Peter S. Swinburn: [indiscernible] we have -- we -- there is a court date set for the end of the autumn, and that's really where we are.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I think you probably summed it up. I'm sure there are some other -- some things at the margin. But generally, if I try and encapsulate where we are, Bryan, you're right. We've taken specific actions through the treasury function to improve our interest expense that certain positions in tax have changed and therefore, we're at the lower end. Free cash, obviously, is looking good, and there's a direct link between those 2 and then a reduction in our capital expenditure. Our marketing investment, as you outlined, it's always difficult to get the precise timing on this depending on how creative comes through. We will be skewed much more towards the third quarter this year. So that will impact our earnings then, and you are fully aware with the Modelo impact and the benefit that we got in terms of the cash for that. So I think overall, the business is very much on a steady even keel and has been -- as has been highlighted, I think, by the mix element of our NSR, we're very comfortable with the way the portfolio is moving to above-premium, which gives us a buffer against having to take pricing and also gives us a real buffer against discounting in markets where things get difficult.
Peter S. Swinburn: Bryan, sorry, just -- if I can just add to that. While I don't let Stewart off the hook on this one, we do need to get Coors Light where he said. If you -- I mean, Coors Banquet does have a cannibalization effect on Coors Light to some extent, and if you put both of those brands together, we are actually -- the volume actually is growing at mid-single -- sorry, low single-digits.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you very much, Chrissy, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. I look forward to seeing those of you who are going to be there at -- in Boston at the beginning of September. Thank you very much.
