Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bill, and good morning. Look our programs industries can supply stabilizing and we've really seen it increase incrementally over the last four to five weeks and we expect that to continue incrementally increasing through the balance of the year. And with that two constraints particularly, one would be the tall can for 12 ounce, which is what Coors Light and Keystone might go into primarily. And then obviously the 12 ounce tall slim can, and that's been more driven by the success of Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky that has necessarily been by shortages. In terms of prioritization, obviously Coors Light gets first priority for us when it comes to the tall can and we've made some adjustments on slow moving products that have been packaged in that can and to make sure that we can fulfill Coors Light. That to your second question from a trade down point of view, but we haven't actually seen that at this point in time. In fact, we're seeing quite the opposite both in the U.S. and in Europe as well as Canada. I think consumers are finding that their dollar stretches a little further in the off-premise than it does in the on-premise. We're actually seeing the opposite.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren, and good morning. Look, it depends what lens you look at this through, right. So if it's through three lenses, from a retailer point of view, they’re well-prepared for innovation, they're hungry for it and expecting it. So I see no issue there. From a distributor point of view, 80% of them already carry non-alcohol products and 50% of them carry wine and spirits already. So they're actually ahead of us. We're playing catch up with them. They manage and deal with tons of complexity. And Lauren, I would tell you the vast majority of them are very excited about the moves that we're making, and can't wait to have these brands in their houses. And then you look at our business and that's exactly why we structured ourselves as we did at the time of the joint venture and formed this emerging growth team under Pete Marino's leadership. It's a small team of passionate and very dedicated specialists in the field. And Lauren, arguably there's even more focus behind the core since we actually made this organizational structural shift under the revitalization plan. And you can see that in the strength of core brands and the innovation coming through and above-premium. Of course, we're going to continue to leverage capability through the CCOE and back office. But there's little additional complexity for ourselves and marketing groups that focus on our core business and our above-premium business. And then from a supply chain point of view, these products are not going through our breweries. They had no complexity to our breweries at all. We are expanding our warehouse capacity and obviously, they use the same ordering systems and tools. And then the final point I would make is these things are, although we announced them all within a tucked, probably two months period – these things are all – the timing of them is all different. Yuengling will come in the back half of next year, La Colombe will come in the front half of the first quarter. Topo Chico Hard Seltzer will be in the second – second to first quarter or early in the second quarter. So from a timing point of these things are not all landing at the same time. So I think there – obviously, there are questions about it, but we're managing it now and we're managing it effectively.
Gavin Hattersley: Some of the can shortages in the coronavirus pandemic have forced us into making decisions around slow moving brands and SKUs, Lauren, and we've done that. And I would expect some of those SKUs won’t come back. So from a complexity point of view, from a brewery point of view, I would expect that we will have less SKUs coming up when we come out of this pandemic than we did coming into the pandemic.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Laurent. Look, I mean, we've got what we think is arguably the strongest portfolio of seltzers for both consumers and for our distributors. If you look at Vizzy, we’re positioning Vizzy to lead for the better-for-you space. We're aiming for Coors Seltzer to become a number one beer brand in this segment. The addition of Topo Chico is going to help drive a meaningful scale for us with a portfolio approach. It's a known and loved by a very large number of consumers in the United States. And then proof point, we expect you to lead spirits based seltzers. So we think we've got a highly differentiated, very powerful and very attractive seltzer portfolio for consumers. And our distributors are getting behind them. You can see that in the performance of Vizzy and you can see it in the performance of Coors Seltzer and I've not seen them as excited in the while around Topo Chico, particularly in the markets with Topo Chico, mineral water does so well for the Coca-Cola Company. So we think we've got the portfolio and we think we've got the distributor buy-in.
Gavin Hattersley: In 2021, it will be primarily outsourced and in 2022 and beyond it will be insourced Laurent. So you got that. You got that, right.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Andrea, from an overall environment point of view, the off-premise in the North America continues to remain strong. And the on-premise seems to have settled down at sort of roughly 60% of historical levels from a sales point of view. So down roughly 35% to 40% on an ongoing basis, and we haven't seen much move on that recently, so that that's sort of North America. From a Europe point of view, in Central and Eastern Europe, we saw about 85% of outlets reopen. I would point out that the fourth quarter is – on-premise is less of an impact for Central and Eastern Europe because there's much less tourist activity during that time period. That takes place more in the second and third quarters. In the UK, for the third quarter, we had good weather that was supported by the government's program to eat out at on-premise outlets. And so we saw a much better performance from an on-premise point of view in the third quarter. And obviously, as we head into the fourth quarter, there's a lot of uncertainty around that because it has obviously sparked in the UK and there are all localized lockdowns. So we'll have to, I guess, see how the quarter in the UK progresses. Your third question there was around inventory levels, certainly our 12-ounce industry standard can supply stabilizing, it has improved consecutively for the last four or five weeks, and we see it continuing to improve into the balance of the year. The shortage for some of our exciting innovations like Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky is driven by the strong success of those two brands. And we would expect to see the inventory for both of them improve meaningfully as we head into the fourth quarter and that new capacity comes online in Milwaukee and Fort Worth. Obviously, the shortage would be more pronounced for 12-ounce tall cans. And we are seeing that stabilizing and starting to improve.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. Look, I mean, from a focus point of view next year, as we look at marketing spend, obviously we've got a big focus on our core brands, Miller Lite, Coors Light, and Blue Moon. And then we've got a really big focus on our sell support portfolio. So, we will be giving the required investment behind Vizzy, and Coors Point, and Topo Chico, Coors sales the next year that they need in order to be successful. In the third quarter, we actually spent – we doubled our media spend from Q2 behind Coors Light, Miller Light and our two big bits, Vizzy and LightSky. And in the fourth quarter, you can expect to see a ramp up of support for both of those Seltzer and Blue Moon, LightSky as the additional supply comes on online. So, those are our two primary focus areas. Our core brands and our Seltzer portfolio, Brian, and we will put the necessary money behind it to make sure they are successful. The early signs are good. They're very differentiated. They are clearly resonating with consumers. And lots of excitement from the distributors as well.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Bryan in the alcohol space, it's illegal to pay sliding fee, so they wouldn't be – in the United States, so they wouldn't be doing that, or if they would, that would be a problem for them. Certainly from a media and national spend point of view and the strength of our chain teams and our selling teams that's how you get shelf space in the U.S. And we're confident we're going to get it for our four brands.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look our above premium share about portfolio in the U.S., which I think was your question is just north of 10%. And as you rightly out what we pointed out, it grew very meaningfully in Q3. As far as the potential is concerned, look, we've tried to give you some indication of where we think the above premium portfolio can go. We do believe we can get a 10% or double digit market share of the of the Seltzer category. We think that that is a big category and it's – despite some of what you might have read recently, we don't see it slowing down meaningfully. I mean, 50%, 75%, 100% growth in 2021. There isn't another part of the beer category that, or the industry that has that kind of growth potential. I think everybody has always said that it's not going to grow 300% forever. So, I'll take 50%, 75% or a 100% anytime from an overall segment point of view, and we believe that our differentiated portfolio can get a double digit share of that, which would have a meaningful impact on our above premium share of our portfolio. And then of course, there's the beyond beer space in the emerging growth division, which all of it really is in the above premium space from a price point of view. And from a revenue point of view, we can see that getting to a $1 billion in the next three years. Yes, I think those are your questions.
Gavin Hattersley: Hey, good morning, Robert. Yes, a lot in there. Let me try and parse that out. To start with the Coors Light, I mean, we feel really confident in the brand's direction. We're seeing strong brand healthy improvements, particularly amongst the 21 to 34-year-old consumers, which is really good. Coors Light’s improvement in consideration amongst 21 to 34-year-olds is high than any other brand in the category that we checked. So I feel very good about the direction of the Coors Light’s brand health. The team continues to reinvigorate the brand. We launched a refreshed and modern packaging design across all of our skews in early August. And based on the testing that we've seen, we find that consumers found that the new design is much more refreshing, it's memorable, it's unique, particularly when you compare it to Coors Light’s competition. And based on the early results that we've seen, we’re seeing volume and velocity gains as a result of that new packaging. And I think it will be fully retail through probably already there, if – if otherwise it will be there in the next week or so. From the “Made to Chill” campaign, we've had new assets that we've put out, plus we have a new brand campaign promoting all expenses, paid trip to your video conference background, which has been well received by the consumer base. So overall feel very good about Coors Light. We saw in Q2 the brand drive significant share growth in premium light, and have continued to gain, share of the segment in Q3. And we'll build on that as we head into Q4. From a Miller Lite point of view, it's also accelerated both from a segment point of view and an industry point of view. It’s shared with, we very proud of the 24 consecutive quarters of share growth that we've had as a six years of growth. And we think it's got a nice opportunity to continue to accelerate. We have launched new creative, particularly around it's calorie message and targeting a competitor. And we believe that Miller Lite proposition can strongly challenge that competitor. And we also have big plans to continue to build Miller Lite during the tea beer moments including football. So we've launched the Cantina, we're leveraging NFL partnerships. And in November, I think, it is we'll launch a larger than ever holiday program behind Miller Lite. So, overall Robert in this environment, we're very pleased with the strength and the share guidance that both of those brands have gained. And from a distributor mind share point of view, Coors Light and Miller Lite are really big, meaningful parts of our distributors houses. They lack what we're doing on those two brands and that's reflected in their ordering profile. So I don't have concerns with our distributors placing focus on Coors Lite and Miller Lite. It's the sort of foundation that many of the distributor ships.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Look from an economic point of view, it's a 50:50 ownership structure. So 50% of the benefit will come out and 50% of the benefit will go to Yuengling. From a speed point of view, we've – I think we'll expect to have Yuengling originates first market in the second half of next year. We'll be in a position to advise which market that's going to be soon. And we'll roll out in a deliberate pace beyond that. If you look at where Yuengling has traditionally sourced its volume from when it's gone to a new territory, it has not primarily come from our brands, its source of market shares has come from one of our largest competitors and we wouldn't expect that to be any different as we roll out into new territories. We'll be accounting for it on the equity method. But you can be assured that we wouldn't have entered into this joint venture if we didn't believe that it was going to be accretive to our profit in our earnings.
Gavin Hattersley: Let me answer that question this way Kaumil. I said in my prepared remarks that we expect the emerging division on the Pete’s leadership to get to $1 billion in revenue in three years time. And so, under Pete's leadership, we've got the cannabis joint ventures in Canada, we've got the new cannabis joint venture in Colorado. We've got non-alc space which is primarily at L.A. Libations. We've got the Wine & Spirits group, which has got Movo in it at the moment. It was all sources of all our regional craft and an export license and distribution businesses fall under Pete. But to be more specific maybe to get to $1 billion we will have to grow that division by about 50% over the next three years. Hopefully that helps.
Gavin Hattersley: Hey, Bonnie. Good morning. Look, I mean, from a scale point of view, I'd guide you to the $1 billion. I just spoke about in a second and grow that division by more than 50% to get there. As we – I'll put you back to the revitalization plan, the revitalization strategy, which we're executing against. When you starting to see the benefits of that coming through on the mixed line certainly, very profitable brand mix improvements. The U.S. alone, we increased our brand mix favorability by 260 basis points in the third quarter. I'm not sure we've seen a level that high in quite some time. Our revitalization strategy was designed from a structure point of view to take cost out of our business, so that we could actually invest in marketing. So what you're seeing now is a delivery of that exact strategy, which we put in place, change the structure, eliminate some office locations, make the necessary changes in order to deliver the firepower that we needed to execute above premium and beyond beer and at the same time and importantly supporting our core brands. So it's all, it's coming through as we had planned.
Gavin Hattersley: We talked about a strategic review, Lauren, so I'm not necessarily sure what you're referring to. All I've talked about is the revitalization strategy and what we're doing on the revitalization strategy, where our focus is, where we're trying to build capabilities, and where we're trying to take cost out of the business. And we tried to lay it out in the earnings release, very clearly all the actions we've taken under those five pillars of our revitalization strategy, and that's our focus. And we're all very pleased with the progress we've made right in the middle of a pandemic. So feeling good about it.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, Good morning. Gavin, I mean it was great that in your prepared remarks, you addressed the complexity conversation. But I would like to just go maybe a step further to understand how you're evolving the organization to handle the increased complexity, and then with regard to distributor relationships and how do you work with them to prioritize – to set priorities, I guess, and to manage sort of what's working; what's not. How long do you give some of the activity to click into, okay, this one's got some legs, that's really push it because the activity has been tremendous. And obviously looking at the price mix this quarter, it's helping and mattering and it's getting attention. But there will be a point where resource allocation and having to make choices comes into play? And I'd love to know a little bit more about that.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. I can keep going. But Greg said, we were only supposed to ask one, so I'm passing it on. Thank you.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thank you. Sorry. I lost my place. I just was – you've talked about the strategic review since late last year. And I just was wondering, would that the specific language around a quote strategic review? Is there anything you can talk about in terms of what's been looked at? Where that process stands and maybe where a refresh might be needed in terms of strategy or footprint. Thanks.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Okay. Thanks so much. This concludes the question-and-answer session. I would like to turn the conference back over to Mr. Tierney for closing remarks.
