Mark R. Hunter: Bryan, yes, it will be a positive contribution, but I'd point you back to our guidance that we have of $40 million to $60 million worth of cost savings in this financial year. We obviously have a lot of moving parts, things that move around, so that guidance has remained unchanged.
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Judy. I think there was a multiple number of questions in your question there, I'll try and cover them all. I mean, to the most important thing, in terms of the decision around Gavin, it's because Gavin is absolutely the best person for the job and we're delighted that we're able to ask Gavin to step up and he's accepted to do that. I mean, that's some of the easiest part. In terms of the process, I mean, Tom indicated towards the end of last year his intention to retire and we publicly announced that earlier on this year ahead of our distributor convention. We've had a search process in place. And I think, from our Chairman, Pete, Alan Clark and myself, we are absolutely clear that we want to find the best possible leader for the MillerCoors organization, that's what the organization requires and deserves, and we will take our time and be thoughtful. As I'm sure you're aware, these type of searches sometimes take time. We're well into the process, but it's clear that by the end of June, it's unlikely we'll have a new full-time replacement or permanent replacement in place and we're in a privileged position with Gavin, someone who knows both of the shareholders well, has worked for both companies and has actually operated a very senior level within MillerCoors. So he'll hit the ground running. And whether Gavin is there for 1 month, 3 months or 6 months, he'll be leading that business to compete, play to win and win in the U.S. beer business. That's the agreement, and Alan and I are absolutely clear on that. So that's where we are and we'll keep everybody updated as the process develops over the coming weeks and months. Gavin is going to be busy in the meantime, so please try not to distract him.
Mark R. Hunter: I mean, obviously, any investment in any of our international markets goes through our PACC model and we will be very judicial in our use of cash as per the framework that, I think, we've described on a very consistent basis. We're certainly very excited about the medium to long-term potential around the geographical platform we've now given ourselves in India.
Mark R. Hunter: I mean, to take the second part of your question first, we have a 50-50 governance model within MillerCoors, so the board is constructed with equal directors from both SAB and from Molson Coors. And it's fair to say, I think, Alan Clark and myself are absolutely aligned on what we need to get done in the U.S. business. We both harbor the same ambition to build a winning beer business in the U.S., and we both hold the intent of ensuring that we have a great leader to lead the MillerCoors organization. We are looking broadly for a new leader. I don't want to get into the detail of the process, the process is well underway. And I think people are just going to have to be patient. I mean, asking an executive from one of the shareholders to step in and run one of the businesses is not unusual in any organization, so I don't think we're doing anything unusual in it. I would really encourage people not to read anything beyond the headlines into this. We have an interim requirement. We have an interim solution and the process for a permanent leader continues.
Mark R. Hunter: Let me pick that up. So what we said was as we moved towards the end of 2016, we expect our International business to be at least a breakeven if not in profit. We still believe that we will deliver that when you put to one side impact of FX that's clearly impacted the business since we made that statement back at the end of 2013. We expect the FX impact relative to our plan at that point in time to affect us by mid to high single-digit, millions of dollars. So when you include that, it will make it challenging to get to breakeven. When you exclude that impact of FX, we're still very confident that we'll get to breakeven, FX excluded.
Mark R. Hunter: And Ian, just to be clear, that 4-year period begins November of this year, so really think about '16, '17, '18 and '19 as the 4-year periods.
Mark R. Hunter: I do. Thank you. I'd just like to thank everybody for joining us today and for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward as a senior team to meet with many of you in New York on June 17. And just finally, best wishes again to Tom and also to Gavin as we work our way through this transition. Thanks for your interest this morning and see you soon.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, not a lot I can add to it. I mean, Judy, I think that the quarter was a bit better for the beer industry, no question about it. The shift, I think, from Easter from Q2 into Q1 was absolutely a help. If you look at the marketplace, the market trends were not dissimilar to what we saw last quarter in the sense that the West was much stronger than the East. And so part of our underperformance came from geographic mix. Part of it came from cycling the big promotion of Molson Canadian around the Winter Olympics last year and part of it came from just underperformance. On the underperformance side, we've got a very clear view on what's driving that and we're working very aggressively to change those things. Probably, there's also worth mentioning, just looking at the big picture of things, our goal is to grow share and our goal is to grow the profit. And we've been focusing against this strategy of overhauling the portfolio, driving our cost base down and improving our executional capabilities, and I think we've made good progress on all of those, as Mark commented. If you look back at last year, we saw improving share trends for the first 3 quarters of last year and the last 2 quarters have been more challenged. But as I say, I think, we've got a clear line on where the underperformance is coming from and we'll be working to address that.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to address that. So first of all, let me work backwards. I mean, SAB's entry into the market has been in the last 30 days, so nothing I can really comment on there. I think, we've got a terrific portfolio and we're able to -- we'll be able to address all comers. In terms of competition in the marketplace, I mean, it is a competitive beer market, certainly, more and more brewers as the market and the cross base grows, but I don't think that anything has changed in that over the last quarter. Relative to your question around pricing, pricing was, I would say, broadly in line with inflation across the country. The amounts in excess of that I would put down to mix as both the Above Premium import and the Above Premium domestic segments of the market grew. More specifically than that, I would say pricing was weakest in Québec and strongest between -- strongest in Ontario and the West.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I'm not sure, really. That is true only in that beer stores will continue to operate and will continue to be run by our board as it is today and they will continue to exist in a format that provides opportunities for any brewers to get their beer to markets. So in that sense, I don't think anything changes. As you will have read, there are a lot of changes that are coming to Ontario, but there's not a lot I can add to what has already been announced publicly.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So a couple of things, so maybe mixing 2 things there. On the pricing side, the province has instituted some restrictions on pricing for a period that ends in 2017, but the beer tax, which at the beginning of the process looked like it could all come in 1 year, will be phased in over 4 years.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I don't think the Heineken brands have dramatically changed our NSR mix. I mean, we brought other Heineken brands on board, they tend to be much smaller, but just to give you a sense of the split. When you look at that 3.8%, about 2/3 was driven by net price and the remainder was from mix.
