David Perkins: Yes, for sure. It's Dave. So, yes, what we've seen in Q4 was strong industry performance, up 1.8% when you take out the 53rd week impact. So we've had 2 quarters in a row that feel good. We've had good weather through those 6 months, but certainly I think, some of the value offerings and innovation that have gone into the market have made a difference. Consumer behavior seems to be changing. I think the folks are loosening up a little bit on their wallets, and so that's playing true well for us. In terms of the competitive environment, pricing bids continue to be very competitive right across the country through Q4. Consumers continue to respond to that activity. December is, obviously, a pretty important month, and I think, with the slow start to the year with the first half being soft, we did see a spike in activity and pricing activity in December, not to be unexpected. We gave up the 0.5 share point that you've referenced, that largely comes from our unsupported brands. Innovation continued to deliver about 3 share points for us in the quarter, which is really good. As Peter referenced, our import performance, which I had called out in Q3, as the softness actually strengthened up for us in Q4 so that was good to see. And if you look at the 10 or 11 brands that we put our focus behind, we grew a share or volume on all but 2 and we're able to get price increases through as well, so I feel good on that. Coors Light in Québec, we gave up a marginal amount of market share because of competitive pricing. But Coors Light grew in the rest of the country. So overall, I think as we continue to play with the price and volume balance, it feels like we have it about right, but no doubt it's a competitive environment there and we'll continue to focus on that.
David Perkins: Well, we've seen softness on the unsupported brands right through the year. They would likely -- I don't have a precise number for you, but I would say probably high single-digit or very low double-digit as a percent of our portfolio. And -- so what we try to do with those brands is migrate the drinkers through to the brands that we support over time. As far as your question on January, I mean, January is a small month for us. We are down low single-digit, so far, when you take out the 53rd week impact. It's difficult to establish a real pattern so far. There are some things in the market that feel good to me in terms of the pricing environment. We'll see how they play out through the rest of the quarter, but in the West, we have seen some selective price increases that seem to be in the right direction. In Québec, we've seen -- but not brewer-instigated price changes, but retailer price increases, which I think were a positive sign. So there is some encouraging news there.
David Perkins: Yes, so in Québec what we've seen, Mark, is that almost all of the major retailers have moved away from the minimum price, have moved away from that floor, and generally are up about $1 a case, a case being at 24, from that level, and that's just happened in recent weeks. And so we'll see consumer reaction and how that plays out, but that feels good. And then in Western Canada, it's really selective price increases that we or other brewers have been pursuing, that would reflect a strengthening environment there. In Ontario, the next catalyst to any pricing change would be the increase, the index increase for the minimum price. So on an annual basis, the minimum price has increased by, I think, it's a weighted average of the prior 3 years CPI. And in Québec, the beginning of the second quarter, there is also a CPI adjustment to the minimum price there.
David Perkins: Yes, Canadian continues to hold or grow share so the brand's performance is strong. It will be receiving pretty significant support behind the NHL property as we go through into the playoffs this year. So new piece of news on that brand, which, I think, will be really positive for it. We weren't able to activate heavily in the tail end of 2011 because of some legal uncertainty that you'd be aware of, and so certainly, as we go into this year, you're going to see strong activation there behind Canadian. All the equity tracking that we're doing is very positive, so we're seeing the equity scores on the brand move up at rates that we haven't seen before. Coors Light continues to be a very strongly rated brand in our consumer tracking. As I said in the fourth quarter, it grew or held share everywhere but Québec, where there was some pricing challenges that caused a minor erosion of market share. But Coors Light continues to be a strong brand for us, and there's no question, moving forward, that the thing that is very important for us is the performance of those 2 brands. There's a number of other things we do in our portfolio around the above-premium brands and the Six Pints and so on, but we really have to have that strengths from Canadian and Coors Light, they'll both benefit from the NHL exploitation. They will both benefit from innovation going forward. So the plan feels strong, the equity measures look good and the performance is good, along with NSR increases, which is really important.
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, look, the losses are happening on the unsupported brands. The reality is that we need accelerated growth on Canadian and Coors Light to offset those declines. I don't want to try to slow the declines on brands that don't matter to our future. It's how do we feed our major brands with the volume that comes out of those. And, as I say, innovation, hockey program and just good solid marketing and day-to-day sales execution are the things that are going to make the difference for us on that. And so we're pushing into those brands really hard, and they'll make the difference for us. So we always have the price volume balance that we can play with. We've been tracking some share loss through 2011 knowingly and we do believe that our brand need to get NSR growth. And -- so we'll continue to play with that balance, but I feel pretty good about the balance right now, actually, and I think it's really for our marketing programs to continue to accelerate the performance on Canadian and Coors Light.
David Perkins: Yes, all right. On the pricing, it really comes into play at the premium and the above-premium level, it's actually rather than value, I mean, value tends to sit down close to the minimum price, anyway, so you will have some movement there, but the majority of the pricing action that we see is in the mainstream and above. And I would say it was across-the-board when you look at the competitive environment. We do see the smaller regional and national brewers active in this area on an ongoing basis, but certainly I would say through the fourth quarter and into December, it was fairly broad-based as opposed to regionally and across the industry.
David Perkins: Yes, there hasn't been any fundamental shifts in that. There are certainly is, anytime there's a major price promotion going on in a market. You may see above-premium come down -- and this isn't just brewer action, it is sometimes retailer action. So, for instance, in Québec in December, the retailers used the above-premium import brands as traffic builders, and so you'll see a fair amount of discounting there. And they'll come down fairly close to the price of our regular brands, and so it varies by region, what you actually see. But generally, the price gaps, on an ongoing basis, are holding up and we're seeing the action, as I say, in the premium and above-premium.
S. F. Glendinning: Let me take those, Judy. So first, let's take the buyback first. I wouldn't necessarily connect those dots. We'll say that we bought back almost $325 million worth of shares, that's a huge chunk of money back to shareholders. It still left us with some almost $900 million in cash, which we think is an appropriate level. And we have said that we'd like to maintain flexibility, that's the reason I wouldn't necessarily connect any other dots, as you say, we will share with you, in a couple of weeks when we are in New York, our guidance for 2012 and we'll be prepared to explain all the details around that. With respect to the miss, we did call on the third quarter, as we saw the year turning out a little bit tougher than we expected, that we expect to be at the lower end of the range. Then, in fact, it was true, that played out, but what also played out were some timing items on working capital, and we expect some of that to come back in the next year. So if you'd looked at that, just to sort of dimensionalize that, somewhere in the $40 million to $50 million range, which explains the difference between the bottom of the range and the number we ended up with.
S. F. Glendinning: So, Mark, let me just make everything clearer. So just to recap, what we said is that the U.K. will increase $10 million year-over-year. That'll move from a pension benefit, up $7 million in 2011 to $3 million of expense this year, $10 million year-over-year, then. In Canada, we expect expense to increase by $20 million from 2011, and then in the U.S., we actually expect a decrease of about $15 million on an underlying basis. So just ignore the $22 million that we saw come through this year, it was a special charge related to a multi-employee pension plan. So take those 3 things together and then you end up with about a $15 million year-over-year total for the company. $80 million is the total expense for the [indiscernible].
S. F. Glendinning: I always say, it's not true we don't give any guidance. Of course, we do give guidance around MG&A and around our tax rate, and around the capital spending, around our COGS, it's some important elements. What we don't give is guidance around our top line.
S. F. Glendinning: It's going to be $12 million higher. And I guess, the only real difference in corporate this year is to point out that there's about $1 million that's in there that's related to the 53rd week. So that'll be the only small thing to point out, but [indiscernible] the actual year-over-year versus $103 million is the number to point to.
S. F. Glendinning: There's $60 million of savings in 2011, and another $24 million to go in 2012. Based on the current program, let me be specific about that.
S. F. Glendinning: The only thing I would say is that U.S. is taking pricing at the end of the year, and U.K. is also taking some pricing. So we'll have to see how that plays out during the year, but as Peter says, we're not going to give any guidance on what we might do over the course of this year. With respect to COGS, we don't give real guidance in terms of what specifically is locked. What I will say is that in the marketplace, you are seeing the pressure from some of the brewing materials and continued fuel pressure, I mean, that's publicly available data. What is important is that you just reflect on the mix and how that's impacting our business. So I don't think you see as much volatility in parts of our business because of our hedging. We will be subjected to these broad inflationary pressures, which we haven't baked into the COGS numbers that we've given you. And because of the mix differential in our various businesses, so, for example, Canada uses a high percentage of returnable packaging, whereas the U.S. is almost all nonreturnable packaging. That's the reason we give you COGS by the year to help you model that.
Peter S. Swinburn: Two things, first of all, we try to make it very clear in the script that we recognize that we've got to grow the top line of this business. I think there's probably 3 areas that we're focused on. One, obviously, is the more dynamic area around crafts. And I think we've done a good job, whether we look at the U.S., with Blue Moon, Leinenkugel; as you look at Canada, with Creemore, Granville Island, Rickard's; if you look at the U.K., with Doom Bar, if I can be really knock that out of the court to be honest with you, but it's a small part of the overall portfolio. We talked about adjacencies or the impact of wines and spirits, and I think we feel really good about the innovative ideas that we have to address some of that space. So, again, we're pleased with that, but, really, the biggest U.S. [ph], as Dave has called out is we got to get our power brands moving forward, and that's Miller Lite, Coors Light, Carling and Canadian. And that's what'll make the difference, and so we want to put our marketing dollars behind those, as well as innovation. To give you some scale, it's difficult, it'll be a minimum of $30 million, really depends on how much we put behind innovation at the top end of the scale, so I think I'll leave it at that, if that's okay, if that helps.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes -- not, Mark, sorry, can I just come back, because you did reference Canada. My $2 billion [ph] is talking about the total business, okay.
Peter S. Swinburn: If I can just build on that, James, again, just to step back from the minutia a little bit, if you look at the U.K. market, it's still roughly 50-50 on-premise, off-premise. We have consistently grown share in the on-premise. That's where your brands are built and where your brands remain, and they're not susceptible to fluctuations or promotional pricing. In the off-premise, Mark and his team have been very diligent in terms of trying to move pricing up, but what you've seen is actually just the strength of our brands. When we choose to be competitive in that area, we actually do exceptionally well. And so we've always got that lever to pull if we choose to pull it. So strategically, we're in a very strong position in the U.K. as to which way we want to go, and I think Mark and his team have done a great job putting us in that position.
Peter S. Swinburn: I'll let Stewart take what's been locked in, but we've given guidance on our COGS. But I'm not going to give guidance on our top line pricing. We'll let you sort of work through that.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Martina. And thank you, everybody, for your interest in Molson Coors and for the questions. And we look forward to speaking to all of you in New York in March. Thanks very much, everybody.
