Tracey Joubert: Yes. Bonnie, the one thing that I would add is the PEP contract that's winding down. So as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we will see a headwind in terms of volume and revenue from that contract, we expect on a book volume basis for that to have a headwind in Q4 of around 2% to 3% of our American volumes. And then just also, don't forget the sort of pricing as we lap the larger price increases that we took supplier in 2022. So we'll see that impact declining through the back half of the year as well.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. And then just on the COGS inflation question. So -- as we said, we do expect the impact of cost inflation to continue for this year, but then moderate in the back half of the year. And if we've got good line of thought right now based on hedging our contract prices and the expected cost savings. But again, do expect inflationary pressures to continue, particularly in our EMEA and APAC region as we've mentioned. So from a margin expansion point of view, because of some of these factors as well as the benefit from our efficiency projects as we've invested more in our business around efficiencies and cost savings and really looking at a more normalized cost of goods sold environment. In the medium term, we are expecting a margin expansion.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Hi Eric, it's Tracey here. So, look, we're going to monitor this very closely. Obviously, our distributor inventory levels, as Gavin mentioned, over the sort of holiday period will fall and then we'll grow it again. Typically, we grow on the shoulder quarters, the first quarter and the fourth quarter. But we're monitoring it very carefully. I mean, right now, we focus on making sure that we have enough inventory to meet the demand and that our distributors have enough inventory to meet their demand. So, as we get further into the year, we'll continue to balance that. And again, just really focused on making sure we've got there on the floor.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So maybe let me help maybe give a little bit of color and maybe a little bit more detail around our leverage and operating leverage. So on an enterprise basis, our fixed costs comprise about 20% of our enterprise underlying COGS. So now that does differ by geography. And the composition -- the composition of our year-over-year volume changes that can influence that. But on average, for enterprise COGS makeup is about 20% fixed. And then obviously, as we look at operating leverage, our marketing strategy also supports flexibility, which does allow us to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands. And so as Gavin mentioned, we're going to be spending $100 million more in marketing in the back half of the year. And then just from an overall sort of margin driver as well, we've mentioned the PET contract coming to an end. That's certainly going to help our margins, even though it is a revenue loss, but overall margin expansion as well as a lot of these efficiency projects that we've been working on our ongoing cost savings, that's all going to help drive that margin expansion over the medium term and this year.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So look, we did a lot of analysis, what was the desirable leverage target for us to have, and we got to the two and half times. And remember, we've been very vocal and make sure that we maintain our investment-grade rating. And over time, we want to improve our investment grade rating. And so it makes sense for us to continue to look at that leverage ratio, reduce our net debt that drives us towards that upgrade in terms of investment grade. So yeah, it's just really important to us. And so we'll continue to look at that, Bryan.
Tracey Joubert: No. I mean, look, obviously, capital expenditure is one of the things that we look at. But I think we've been quite consistent with our capital expenditure. And we've also said that, any investments we make is not going to drive our capital expenditure up significantly. And even the investments that we've made in new breweries in Canada, we built those 2 new modern breweries in Canada, we're busy modernizing our G150 Brewery in Colorado. We built capabilities in our breweries, whether that's the flavor capabilities or variety of packing capabilities. All of that is within that range of around $700 million, which is the guidance that we've given for this year as well. So I don't see a significant uptick in anything CapEx related or anything unusual. I mean the one thing is, at the end of the year, obviously, working capital will be a driver of our free cash flow but yes, nothing out of the ordinary.
Gavin Hattersley: Bill, thanks for that question. Look, I don't think we're going to breakdown the individual components of our guidance. But I'll just -- I'll reiterate that we haven't seen any slowdown in momentum for our brands. One big difference is the extra $100 million versus the first half of this year and actually also versus the back half of last year. To Tracey's point, pricing, we are and have already lapped one of the big price increases we put through last year, and we lapped the other one obviously in the fall. And we've been pretty consistent about the fact that we're expecting pricing to fall back to more historical levels of that sort of 1% to 2% range. And then, of course, there is -- there are some employment-related costs which we referred to in our script as well. So those are sort of big four things, which I would point you to. Next question, operator.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, Bonnie, not Bonnie -- sorry, Andrea. As I said, our momentum has not slowed down at all, and we're now towards the end of July. Our guidance assumes US brand volume growth in the second half of the year, which implies continued share growth based on current industry trends. It does consider continued caution around the consumer and the competitive environment. And we -- Tracey referred to the PEPs winding down and price increases. And then, of course, there's the extra $100 million that we've got going through from a marketing point of view. So we factored all of those items into our guidance.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. It's our top -- it's 20 retailers that are going to make changes in the fall resets. Some of them actually already made those changes. And frankly, that number grows every week when I talk to our head of sales. So it's actually somewhat higher than what it was when I made these prepared remarks. From a supply chain point of view, I think our supply chain team has done an amazing job keeping up at such short notice. We always run close to full capacity in summer. So of course, we're going to be a little tighter than normal. And so there are some distributors in some pockets where they may be out of stocks, particularly where the momentum is really strong. We've got some distributors growing 30%, 40%, 50% at the moment. We rebuilt inventory coming out of Memorial Day. We're doing the same now as we rebuild heading into Labor Day. And we came into the second quarter with good inventories. So I think we're doing a great job of keeping up with this unexpected demand. I think we've got the capacity to do that. And of course, when PEPs it starts coming out, we will be able to replace that volume with our own brands, and it will free up a little bit more capacity for us as we head into 2024.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Thanks Eric. Yes, look, I mean, the US industry in 2023 has been softer than expected. There are obviously a number of drivers behind that. Here on the West Coast, particularly California, big beer drinking market. We had some really difficult weather conditions in the first part of the year. And so that challenged the overall industry. And I think it's true to say that we've had higher-than-expected declines in the overall Seltzer segment. Our data with -- from Circana would suggest that there's actually been a slight improvement in Q2, when you compare it with Q1 and an improvement from an overall industry point of view versus the second half of last year. We do think that some of the bigger drivers of these trends are lifestyle choices and some buyers shifting to other categories. However, core beer drinkers are incredibly loyal and have maintained their share of dollars and volume in beer. So we have seen some pretty seismic shifts across the industries fueled by the continued growth in Mexican imports and fabs. And obviously, the disruption in the AVR [ph] portfolio, our brands, Coors Light, Miller Lite growing industry share. So what really matters here for us is that more consumers are reaching for our beers versus our competitors' beers, regardless of the -- of the segment that they are purchasing from. So those are the comments I would have from an overall industry point, Eric.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Thanks Peter. Look, obviously, we'll share a lot more detail when we have our Strategy Day in October, but I'll make a few points ahead of that. When we started down the journey of our revitalization plan, we wanted to deliver top and bottom-line growth on a sustainable basis, not just once every now and then. So that's the first thing I would say to you. That's how we measure ourselves. Secondly, we're seeing share and brand improvement in every single one of the markets that we operate in. So this is not just the United States. We're seeing it in Canada. We're seeing it in the United Kingdom. In the US, we are the number one dollar share gainer in the second quarter. Canada is up 1.5 points from a volume perspective. That's through May because we don't have a more recent data than that. We grew premium light dollar share almost 11%. Canada premium beer is up 2.4, in the FAB segment, we grew industry and the segment. We grew all of our core brands in the United States and Canada grew industry a share and we continue to grow our economy segment performance from an improvement point of view. Our job is to make sure that we maintain and retain as many and frankly, more of these consumers that are moving to our brands is one of the reasons we're investing $100 million in the back half of the year. That's a significant investment and commitment to the momentum that we're experiencing. And we're seeing that in the data. We're seeing the 12 -- the handles the new tap handles we're getting. We're seeing the shelf changes. We're seeing the display dollar share gains. And we're going to push hard to maintain that and more, Peter. So I think I think I'll stop there ahead of our strategy data, but we'll share more with you in early October.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Lots of questions there. I'll take your last one first. No, we're not seeing any slowdown in our economy portfolio. As far as on versus off-premise, you didn't hear it because I didn't say it. And we're not going to get into that level of detail, but suffice it to say that on-premise grew I would say maybe low single digits better than the off-premise. What was your second question? The tap handles. It's a meaningful number, Rob, and that's only Miller Lite and Coors Light and Blue Moon, which I referenced. And let's say -- I'm do not sure we've given this before, but let's say, around 10% higher. Meaningful for us.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Look, our tightest period obviously is always during the summer. And we always see a fall off after major holidays, just like we did in July 4th and we are currently rebuilding the inventory as we speak, and we'll continue to rebuild it in August. And then we'll have a fall off coming out of September. And then overall consumer or consumer takeoff traditionally does fall off in the fourth quarter. So it provides us a good opportunity to get inventories back to where we would like to have them going into next year. Our marketing activities, as I said is not just limited to the United States. We are putting more money into our other markets as well behind the momentum of a brand like Madri, behind the Coors Light and Molson trademark brands up in Canada behind some strength in certain territories in our Latin America business. But it's also true to say the lion's share is in the United States. And frankly, the at a very, very high level, two kinds of marketing right in selling expenses, some drive shorter term behavior, which we're investing behind, and some drives longer term brand health, and we're going to be doing both. So as I said, we don't have unlimited capacity, but certainly perhaps coming out of our system and then the shoulder quarters, as I think Lauren referenced in the fourth quarter and the first quarter give us ample opportunity to maintain inventory and supplies where we want them to be.
A – Gavin Hattersley: A couple of points I'd make. One is that we came into the second quarter with very high -- we're not very high inventory. We came in with higher inventories than we normally did because we wanted to make sure we could supply our consumers and distributors through summer. Now we obviously weren't planning for the current situation, but it's -- we certainly had higher shipments coming into Q2. We always run close to full capacity in summer. So frankly, there isn't a lot of -- from a shipments point of view, a significant increase possible as we operate in summer. Notwithstanding that, our breweries had a record May and June since 2019 and are functioning extremely well. So those are the 2 factors that I would point you to, Vivien. From a capacity point of view, of course, we don't have unlimited capacity, but we're keeping up, I think, amazingly well given the short notice of this demand shift. And we'll rebuild our inventory heading into Labor Day, and we'll build -- rebuild inventory post Labor Day as we head towards the back of the year.
A – Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. I'll take your second question first. Yes, our on-premise trends were better than our off-premise trends in the U.S. As far as your shelf reset question is concerned, yes, we are in a better place now than we were necessarily thinking at the end of the first quarter. A lot more retailers have, a, already moved some of their shelf resets and are planning to move their 4 shelf resets than we had initially expected. As I said, nearly 20 of our retailers updating the planograms right now. That number grows every week, every time, as I said, I'll talk to head of sales, that number grows. We're working really closely with our retailers to recommend space and assortment solutions to just drive a sustained category growth for the retailers. And given those recent trends, we have seen a number of retailers make interim adjustments to displays and space this summer. And we do expect that to continue into the fall and also next spring. And as I said, I think in my prepared remarks and maybe in Q&A, I can't remember. But was Molson Coors is the number one in retail dollar display gains year-to-date. So, we're working hard at making sure that shelf resets reflect the current reality in the marketplace, which shows that there is a strong momentum behind all of our core brands.
A – Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Steve, look, we don't have unlimited capacity, as I said. But obviously, we had a strong May and June shipments, well above anything that you would have seen in 2020, 2021, 2022. And obviously, I think I've made the point we had higher inventories coming into the second quarter at the end of March, and that might have affected some of our shipments in the sort of first part of April. So there is that as well. We have long had a very robust program of seasonal workers and some are temporary workers which, frankly, if we needed to, we could continue even into the shoulder quarters. We traditionally haven't found that to be necessary. But in the event that it did, we could extend our summer brewery performance into the shoulder quarters. I'd also think, Steve, just to remind you that we are seeing pets come out, and that will free up a lot of capacity for us. And it will free up and simplify our breweries. There won't be so many changeovers. There will be longer runs much more effective and efficient. And as Tracey said, we start to see the benefit of that coming through at a faster rate in the second half of this year in the fourth quarter than we did in the first half, and then obviously, that will accelerate even further into 2024. So based on what we know now, we've got the capacity to supply the market demand.
