Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks for that, Mark. Thanks, Amit. Look, I mean as Mark says, I'm going to spend the next few months leading the planning for 2020 and beyond. And as, of course, as would any CEO, there will be change. We need to consider all options that we can take to maximize the future potential of our business and to create additional firepower to put behind our brands and in order for us to innovate. And that's what I plan to do. Beyond that, I'm not going to get into any more detail.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, let me kind of reiterate what I said earlier on, right, and which Mark said as well, is I'm going to take the next few months to flesh out my plan for 2020 and beyond, and I'll take the Board through that at the appropriate time. And in that, we need to consider the options that we've got that we can put enough firepower behind our brands and enable us to innovate. And of course, that will require some change and that's what I plan to do. Beyond that, Bryan, I'm not going to speculate on what that is specifically on this call.
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, look, I don't want to say anything more beyond what I've already said, right? I'm not going to get into speculation now. But as I said, I'm going to spend the next few months working the plan and I would look at the company's structure and operating model, and we'll take it from there in the months ahead.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Mark, thanks. And thanks, Steve. Look, I mean there's a number of things I can say. Firstly, I think you can see an increased pace with how we are doing our marketing. You're going to see us target investment behind brands and ideas where we see the greatest returns, particularly in a world where consumer retention is in all-time high, and we need to have the right ideas. And when we have them, we'll put money behind them.  And a fine example of that is the work that we've done on one of our newer brand launches, which is Cape Line, and we've grown our innovation pipeline quite heavily to attract these new consumers. We are shifting a greater percentage of our investment to the above premium segment with big increases on brands, such as Blue Moon and Peroni. And we're going to continue to invest strongly in Coors Light and Miller Lite. And I'm very excited about our new Coors Light creative, and we have very strong messaging behind Miller Lite. Michelle has also continued to shift spend to digital and nontraditional media to reach those groups of consumers who now spend their time away from more traditional channels.  As far as Coors Light is concerned specifically, gained a little bit of share of segment in Q2 of 2019, which is the first time we've done that for quite some time. And obviously, we're not where we want to be at this point in time. We know that focusing back on cold refreshment was the right thing to do, and shifting that message to cold refreshment has improved trends, but it's obviously not enough. And Michelle has worked and moved very quickly to launch this big, new campaign. It feels very distinctive. It feels fresh, and it's unlike anything else you've seen in beer. I hope you've all had a chance to see it.  The "Made to Chill" platform focus on the language which resonates with young people, and it builds on occasions that we believe is only going to grow into the future. It launched yesterday and, quite frankly, I don't know that I've experienced this much excitement from the distributor network since 2005 around this. But you note, it's day 3, and we're -- whilst we're excited about it, now we need to execute against it. But the level of excitement I've felt was -- is very strong. So to summarize, we're changing where we're marketing. We're changing who we're marketing to, and we're changing the pace at which we're getting things done. And I think if you talk to our distributor network, they will concur with that as far as marketing is concerned.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks, Vivien. Look, I mean I think it's safe to say that competition for consumers' attention is really at a high level in the United States. And obviously, the beer category, the beer industry needs to evolve quickly. And it needs to keep pace with consumer preferences, which are rapidly changing. I would point to the seltzers, alcoholic seltzers is a more recent example of that. A large part of seltzer's growth is coming from outside of the beer category, specifically wine and spirits. And so for us, that means that we need to keep focused on that evolving space. And as was said, it means two things for us: It means a much faster-paced innovation pipeline. And it means recruiting and focusing on drinkers, new drinkers with our core brands. And so you'll see our plan, both here in the United States and globally, embracing these new categories and focusing in on the above premium. And as Mark said, we've been very successful with Arnold Palmer Spiked and Henry's and Cape Line, all of which will be delivering millions of cases to the beer category by the end of the year from outside of the beer industry.  So I think innovation is essential. Above premium is essential. And catering to consumers' different needs is essential. And we're going to focus on all of those as we go forward.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Sure, Mark. Thanks. Look, I mean there's no doubt, Kevin, that seltzers are big, and they're here to stay. And we think that the reason for that though is they're tapped into two big consumer trends which have evolved. One is better for you trends, and the other is consumers looking for an alternative taste for beer. And whilst Henry's is performing well, I mean, it's growing at triple digits, it's off a small base. And therefore, we bought a deep innovation funnel that we're looking at. Some of this focus is on consumer white spaces against those consumer trends, and Cape Line would be a fine example of that. It's the first better-for-you option with a stronger flavor base. And from Cape Line point of view, I'd like to point out that same stage as the evolution of White Claw. And truly, several years ago, Cape Line is actually performing meaningfully better than those two brands who were at the same stage. Again, it's only -- we've only had it in for a few months, but the early signs are very good.  And on top of that, we need to more squarely go after the seltzer space with new and unique points of differences in the marketplace. And obviously, for competitive reasons, I'm not going to get into exactly what we plan to do from that aspect, but watch this space.  As far as the innovation pipeline is concerned, I think you used the right word, right, which is pace and speed, and I think everything that we've done over the last 4 or 5 months since our marketing leadership change has demonstrated that we can do that. We're capable of doing it, and we are doing it. And there's multiple examples, which we talked about in the past. We also have with 2 of -- I mean, we've had the #1 new FMB in both 2018 and 2019 with Arnold Palmer Spiked and this year in Cape Line. We're moving quicker. We're taking smarter risks, and you're quite right. In this fast-changing environment, we can't afford to let others pass us by. So I think you will see us move with pace going forward. And from competitive point of view, I'm not going to get into specifics of that other than what we've public, which is Movo, which is line of wine spritzers, hard coffee beverages and our test market on Saint Archer Gold, which has shown great potential in its 4 test markets.
Gavin Hattersley: Nice try, Amit. I'm not going to give forward pricing guidance. I can talk about what happened in the second quarter, which is that we grew net sales per hectoliter 3.6%, with frontline of 3.9% and brand mix -- not brand mix, total mix was negative by about 30 basis points. But our brand mix was actually positive for the quarter. And that is reflective of our premium efforts. Beyond that, Amit, I'm not going to get into future pricing strategy. I can't do that.
Mark Hunter: Yes. Thanks, Robert. So Robert, I mean, I think we've laid out very clearly our intentions to be on the playing field here. We announced that over a year ago, and Canada gives us a great opportunity to really test consumers' appreciation for an appetite for the range of nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages that we'll launch. The team that set that -- set up that initiative have continued to monitor opportunities for cannabis in other geographies. We are watching very closely the opportunity in the U.S. particularly around CBDs. Now clearly there's still some legislative complications, but we anticipate being on that playing field and ideally, with our partnership, the -- with a partner that we have in Canada. And we have a team of people who are working on that. So I don't want to get into the details, but I'm giving you the same kind of, I think, indication that we gave ahead of us moving into the Canada market. So more to come on that in due course.
Mark Hunter: We don't give EBITDA growth guidance beyond the MCI. We did that because we went through some very significant restructuring as we acquired the Miller International business, and we wanted to remove some of the complexity around that. That's why we gave the guidance last year and into this year, and we reiterated that guidance for strong double-digit EBITDA growth on a full year basis for our International business.  But with regard to our major brands, again, we don't give specific volume detail. You can pick that up from the Nielsen data in the marketplace. But we're very encouraged in particular, by the Miller Lite performance. I mean just to give you an indication, in the last 4 weeks in particular, and recognizing that July 4 timing is a little bit complex, but Miller Lite in absolute terms is up single digits in absolute volume growth in the U.S. So Miller Lite has got very good momentum behind it. And we're very excited about the opportunity for Coors Light to shift its trend. And again, through July, we're seeing the Coors Light trend improve to kind of low single-digit volumes. So May and June were clearly challenging from an overall industry perspective, but it looks like normal business has been resumed as we've come through July, which is encouraging.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. Steve, just to kind of put a full stop on this. I mean if you look across our business and look at the range and pace of initiatives that we now have in marketplace, it stepped up dramatically in the last 24 months, and I've covered many of them in the script. But if you just look within the U.S. and take Cape Line, Arnold Palmer Spiked, Henry's Hard Sparkling and the Sol family of brands, just over 24 months ago, none of those existed in our portfolio. By the end of this year, they will be millions and millions of cases of volume. So take that as, I think, indicative of what has been emerging and what will continue to emerge in our business as we further ramp up with innovation and the pace of premiumization right across all of our business units.
Mark Hunter: Yes. So we don't break out our specific marketing spend, Sean, but I think I indicated in our Q1 call that we expected to step up particularly in Q2 and Q3 the weight of our spend because they are the critical 2 quarters in the year. So we've delivered on that promise in the second quarter. And we anticipate that continuing to step up our spend in the third quarter of this year. And confidence is growing in terms of the quality of the work that we have and the premiumization of the portfolio. So expect those to continue to really deliver on the commitments we've made, and you should see that as you've seen in the second quarter and the third quarter as well.
Mark Hunter: Vivien, it's Mark here. I mean the only thing I would add to that is just making sure that we continue to keep the balance and focus between both volume and the -- really the value growth of the U.S. beer industry. Consumers are clearly changing taste, and most of the demand in the marketplace is emerging in higher-priced above premium space. So actually, the total revenue for beer in the U.S. has continued to grow despite some of the volume challenges, and that's why it's important for the Molson Coors business, across all of our business units, but particularly in the U.S. to accelerate the pace of premiumization and why you've seen -- and what you have seen emerge and why you'll see more of that going forward as we look to reshape our portfolio. So stabilizing and energizing our core brands by accelerating the pace of premiumization. And that is our agenda. That's an agenda which is on the tracks, and I know that Gavin will look to accelerate that over the coming months and years ahead.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Kevin. Do you want to pick those up, Gavin? They're kind of opposite sides of the same coin.
Mark Hunter: And I mean just to add to that, Gavin and Kevin, if you look more broadly, I mean Coors Slice is the #1 new item across major retailers in Canada this year. Pravha has been a remarkable success in the U.K. marketplace. So I think there's demonstration in terms of what we've already taken to market and what's in our pipeline. The organization is already, let's call it, through integration and well on track for picking up the pace and driving a significant step change in the number of initiatives that we have from an innovation and premiumization perspective across all of our business units. And you'll see more of that to come.
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Gary, and thanks, everybody, for joining us. Today, obviously, we had some unexpected news for you, which we've chatted though, and Gavin and I will forward to catching up with you over the course of the next couple of months.  Just as a sign off from me, as I mentioned earlier, it's been absolute privilege to serve as the Molson Coors CEO, and I've thoroughly enjoyed engaging with our investors and our analysts over the course of the last 5 years. I will see many of you up in Boston, and you're likely to ask me questions as well as Gavin questions when we get together in a month or so time. But thanks for your time and attention today, and we look forward to connecting with you over the course of the next few weeks and months. Thanks, everybody.
