Mark R. Hunter: So, I'll pass across to Stewart. Stewart, do you want to set that question just in the context of the kind of transformational agenda that you're leading for in Canada.
Mark R. Hunter: Vivien, the only thing I would add to that is I think if you look at what's has happening on macro level within the beer industry in Canada than consumers generally are choosing to invest their hard earned dollars in some of the higher-priced segments, whether that's craft or Above Premium and imports, the exception to that really has been in Alberta where, obviously, that economy is under a lot of pressure with what we've seen from the oil industry, but not dissimilar to what we've in the U.S. where in a relatively benign volume market that the areas of real consumer momentum tend to be in imports, higher-priced segments like FMBs and craft.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Simon. And then, Judy, just to your broader question about Europe and the impact of MillerCoors, as business as usual we've got a big business and it'll be a bigger business in the U.S. We have a big business in Canada. We've got a fast-growing International business and we have a big business in Europe. And we want all of our businesses to be focused on top-line growth. The European business will have the additional benefit of, in particular, the MGD volumes in the U.K. and Ireland, but it'll be very much business as usual, and I think the opportunity is on that enhanced platform, how we can lift and shift some of our faster growing brands, so brands like the Sharp's portfolio or Franciscan Well, and really leverage them and more broadly internationally. So, very much business as usual. I think you've seen solid improvements and a competitive position in Europe, and we'll continue down that path going forward. Europe is a big part of our overall business and is an important part of our business.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay, so let me pickup Mauricio's job description and his goal setting conversation, which will take place probably later this week. I anticipate this being a very seamless transition. We are delighted that Mauricio has joined our business. He's got great experience in both developed and developing markets and across the alcohol sector broadly. And I think he'll come in and be provocative and added value on a number of fronts. So, I mean, the short-term priorities are pretty clear and I think we've been consistent on that, Mark, which is we've got to deliver our 2016 plan, make sure that we are delivering both top-line, bottom-line and the strong cash performance and be prepared to go when the deal is approved and then subsequently close this (31:57) in relation to MillerCoors and Miller International and Mauricio is going to play a very explicit part on that agenda. It's really no more complicated than that. I don't know, Mauricio, if you want to say, hi and offer any further perspectives.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. Hi, Pablo. Thanks for the questions. To your specific question on the synergy target, I would say having done the planning, I'm more convicted or convinced, that's the right word with regard to the number, but clearly I don't want to talk in any more specifics. I have been pretty clear that once our planning team have finished all of the planning work and we get deal approval and we're moving towards close, then we can update more specifically at that point. But, I think the gains that we offered last November as we work through the planning stands good and we'll update more broadly in due course. From your question with regard to the center of gravity that would be our business being the U.S. Our overall strategy doesn't change, we will have a bigger position in the U.S. and you know that has many benefits associated with it. But, we've been on the journey to build a footprint over the course of the last five years, in particular, led by Coors Light and more recently by Staropramen and that will continue. I'm not going to comment specifically on any M&A opportunities. We never do, as you're aware. But we need to play to win in both the U.S., Canada, and in our European business. And we need to continue to build our global footprint, led through our global brands, that's principally been on an asset-light license and export model. It's likely that model will continue as we look to take Coors trademark, Staropramen trademark in the future of the Miller trademark into more markets, that's probably all I can say at this stage.
Mark R. Hunter: Well, look, I can give you a headline on that, Bryan. COGS performance in the first quarter was very, very encouraging, probably about half of the COGS improvement related to some timing benefit and that relates specifically just to some distribution charge and the timing of those distribution costs. I think if you work on the basis, about half of the COGS improvement as underlying and continuing and about half of the COGS improvement in the first quarter or something that will fall away because it was a timing benefit – I don't think we whether want to get into any more of the specifics at this stage.
Mark R. Hunter: Hi, Rob. It's Mark here. Just a couple of comments for you. Firstly, Coors Light isn't available in India, so no issues there. I don't think, Kandy has got any plans to launch in India, hasn't spoken to me, I've heard it. So, Coors Light globally was up about 3.5% and across Europe and our international business, we were close to 19% growth. So, we're seeing very, very strong performance as we take the brand outside of North America, a tremendous traction and velocity and growth in Central and South America. And a brand which has become our second largest brand in our UK and Ireland portfolio and has grown to well over a million hectoliters now across the UK and Ireland. So, in a number of international markets, but I wouldn't describe it is having a global footprint, center of gravity outside of North America, certainly, Central and South America and our UK and Ireland business. And strong and growing momentum behind the Coors Light brand. Alongside that, we've introduced Coors 1873 into a couple of markets, as a sister brand of Coors Banquet. And again, we've seen that performed strongly, so we're looking to build out the Coors trademark and that proof-of-concept in Coors 1873, I think, gives us some signals as to how we can build that trademark more broadly going forward.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. We'll – I mean, I think we're in a great position because the positioning of the brands is very complementary, the Coors positioning is very clear in terms of begin born in the Rockies and owning the whole sense of cold refreshment. Miller is much more of an urban positioning and MGD, in particular, I think it's very complementary to Coors Light. And then, Staropramen clearly operates with a very, very strong check in our European provenance. In really simplistic terms, Robert, we've got a great clear bottle offering, brown bottle offering and green bottle offering, but that's me probably getting out my depth on my marketing skills. But, I think overall positionings of the brand are very complementary, it gives us more scale in a number of existing MCI markets, and it gives us an entry point into a number of new markets as well. So, our international business will scale up very significantly on the back of this addition to our portfolio. With what I think will be a great backbone of international brands and around that we can then start to really test our ability to build some of the international footprint for some of our craft brands as well. So, I think, we're poised for the next phase in international brand development.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, I think it's a good observation, Robert. And I think we've led that wave with the development of Blue Moon in a number of markets. Obviously, we've now got Belgian Moon up in Canada. Blue Moon has been in our UK and Ireland business for a number of years and is growing strongly. And Kandy and his team now have gone into a multiple markets. Australia is one of those markets, Japan is another market. And interest from around the world continues to grow, so we're already on that path and have been developing that over the course of the last three years to five years, in particular and we're seeing demand growing. I think we're in a strong position when you look at the number one Irish brand, the leading brand in UK with Sharp's and our Canadian brands as well. There is opportunities for us to really build out that craft portfolio at international level and that's central to some of our international expansion thinking at this point in time.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Brett, let me give you just a couple of comments on that. Obviously, selling alcohol is something that you know comes with a significant obligations and we are – and all of our markets very, very careful about the way that we both introduce and market brands. FMBs have been a big part of our business for the last couple of decades back in the UK. We, in the mid-1990s, launched a brand called Hooch, which was you know one of the forerunners of the FMB category and it's been you know part of our business as a safer you know a couple of decades now. So, we are very careful, very responsible, very clear about the fact that these are adult drinks, they're clearly marked as adult drinks and will continue to comply with all regulations in all of our markets to build our portfolio responsibly. I think beyond that, it's probably not worth getting into any specifics. So, that's just our general philosophy in our business.
Mark R. Hunter: Pablo, the only thing I would add is, I mean, if you look at the choice in the U.S. market now as probably be, there's more proliferation, more choice for consumers than we've seen in living memory. So, our job is to make sure our brands deliver great value for consumers and we'll make sure we do that through a combination of our price points, SKUs that we offer, the quality of our brand communications. We got to be competitive. And as I say, consumers have got more variety and more choice than they've ever had before. So, we've got to be really sharp, we've got to stay very local, and we've got to ensure that we are competing very effectively in the marketplace.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Connor. Can I just thank everybody for your time, attention, and interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward to seeing hopefully most of you at our Analyst and Investor Day in New York in June. And Dave and team will be available for follow-up questions at – a little bit later on today. So, thanks again for your interest and we look forward to seeing you soon. Thanks, everybody.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yeah, cheers. Thanks for that, Vivien. Well, look, I think if you look at where we've been going with our portfolio, our focus has been on developing the top end and we're really pleased with the way that the Above Premium brands are gaining share in the marketplace. If you look at our NSR in total, the underlying increase in NSR is close to about 1%, and the mix that we're talking about is really being driven by two items; one is the loss of Miller and the other is the impact of our contract brewing revenues which impact the top line, but don't impact the volume. So, I would focus on the 1% is what fits underneath the real performance.
Stewart F. Glendinning: No. I mean I don't have the most recent data for the first quarter; it will be out next week. I think that the broad trends that we have seen in the last couple of years have seen wine gaining share. Spirits hasn't been a major factor for us in Canada. I would step back and look at the health of the beer industry. I think the first quarter had the benefit, obviously, of an extra trading day and Easter, but broadly this quarter has felt healthier than previous years, number one. Number – with number two, I would point out, that there are the challenges in Canada that we saw in the fourth quarter, we're limited really to Québec and to Alberta. In this past quarter, I think the most challenging market remained Alberta, but the rest of the industry looks healthy.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yeah, sure, Mark. I'd actually just, Mark, just step back one second and just say, that as we looked at our strategic plan three years ago. We really built out three big blocks; one was redoing our supply chain footprint, the other was lowering our G&A cost base, and the third was improving our commercial capability and portfolio. And those are relevant. Why? Because on the cost base and the supply chain, the savings that we're getting from that has allowed us to start to feed the investments required to get the brands going. On the brand side, we're really focused on making sure that we had a portfolio that was right for consumers. And on the Above Premium, which is where we built up all the brands, we're performing well and we're really happy with those brands. On Molson Canadian and on Coors Light, those brands sit in the mainstream. That is the part of the market that is under the most pressure. And if you looked at this past quarter, Canadian held share of the segment and Coors Light did not. So, Coors Light is where our real challenge is. I've been pretty clear about calling out where the challenges are for Coors Light, those being our need to improve our brand scores. Our need to reach out to millennials and to engage those consumers more actively in our brands. I think when you look at the first quarter from a costs standpoint, our G&A costs went down, and we spent some of that money back in the brand. So, that's moving our strategy. I think it gives the brand itself, we saw finally the introduction of some marketing that is working. Our advertising is scoring better than any of the campaigns we've seen over the last three years or four years, that's a positive, and we're seeing an uptick in our brand equity. So, those are positives. I think if you look at the activity that we have for the second quarter and the call out that we made in the earning release and the script this morning, we pointed to the fact that we expect to put more money behind the brands and that is because we have a pretty full activation agenda, we've got a full advertising agenda and we know that we need to spend some money to get the energy going on these brands. So, that's where we are. And I think you'll be in a position in June to hear more from us and to see some of that work when we meet in New York.
Stewart F. Glendinning: I'm not sure whether there is a strong correlation between the markets is because the development of the brands has been a little bit different. But what I will say is that, we've been working well together as a North American group to understand what drives our consumers. You will see us leveraging more ideas back and forth between the two business units. And in fact, here in the next few weeks, you will see us starting to use some of that U.S. messaging.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yeah. Sure. Bryan, as you point out, we closed the deal this quarter. In terms of the timeline, we have up to five years. So, we've got plenty of time to find and build a new brewery. And, of course, that process is actively underway already.
Simon Cox: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. Thank you, Judy. So, if you look to that top-line results, Judy, then our volumes grew by just over 5% in Europe in the quarter and that translated into just over 4% top-line on net sales revenue growth if you extract currency changes. So, we were very pleased with that. We think that's a very, very solid performance. And to answer your question and give that some context, the markets in which we operate were pretty much flat from a volume perspective. So, in other words, we gained share and we would calculate that to be about an 0.6% or 0.7% share gain across the quarter, which again I think is very solid. And I think, pleasingly, it's share gain driven by the majority of our countries, by the majority of our main brands, and we also saw some pretty good trends on our premium brands. So, overall, if you're looking for our performance in the context to the market, good performance on volume, strong performance on revenue, good share gain and a good shape to the portfolio growth as well.
Simon Cox: No. I think it's similar to you, Mark. I mean of all the things that we should keep our eye on, it wouldn't be one of the things that necessarily keeps me awake at night. I just don't see it actually having any material impact on the overall demand in the beer market in the UK. And I certainly think based on our recent trends of Carling performance on that portfolio in the UK, we'd be able to withstand whatever effect did come. So no, I wouldn't put that in any future model of any real importance, no.
Simon Cox: Yeah. Sure. I mean, to your point, Mark, I think, we could spend a lot of the time doing individual diagnosis on 11 different countries. I think, the theme that I will point you to is that, in general, we are increasing our investments in marketing and those investments are playing out well for us with stronger volumes, stronger revenues and premiumizing that portfolio. And actually, that's a factor virtually across all the markets. So if for example, I took Staropramen, we are investing in Staropramen across all of our European markets, and we've also repatriated that into the UK, and we're investing behind it, and that's giving us double-digit growth almost universally, actually across those markets. So, there are always you know some puts and takes from a timing perspective in individual markets, but our general strategy of investing behind our core brands and investing in premiumization is working at the aggregate level in Europe and any countries that isn't true in this quarter, I'd been confident that we could continue to drive those countries back towards the norm. So, I don't think, there's actually as much variation as perhaps you might be pointing to. And I think overall, our strategy is just working in aggregate.
Gavin Hattersley: No, Mark, other than to say, we just haven't made a decision as to what to do with the facility and land, at this point in time, as you correctly stated.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, I was going to say, Bryan, we're focused on the moment of closing the brewery down and transitioning the volume to where it's supposed to be. That's our focus, here. And we just haven't made any decisions on what to do with a facility or the land at this point.
Gavin Hattersley: Right. I mean, Pablo it's little difficult for me to give you a detailed specifics as Mark says. And from an industry pricing point of view, you know price increases take place in the fall, they take place in the spring, there is no general one-size-fits all. And as I've said quite often on these calls is, we follow very clear pricing strategy and market-by-markets and brand-by-brand basis. And your second question is around breaking out the 80 basis points between the various sub-segments is, we just simply don't do that publicly. And from a Miller High Life point of view, we do think we've got a unique proposition here as the Champagne of Beers and we intend to continue to invest quiet strongly behind that brand, it's an important part of our sub-premium portfolio and we'll play an important role in reducing the lost market share that we've experienced in the primary portfolio. Beyond that, I can't really get into any more detail.
