Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Melissa. Hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call. With me on the call this morning are Stewart Glendinning, Molson Coors' CFO; Dave Perkins, CEO of Molson Coors Canada; Tom Long, CEO of MillerCoors; Mark Hunter, CEO of Molson Coors U.K.; Kandy Anand, President of Molson Coors International; Sam Walker, Molson Coors' Chief Legal Officer; Dave Dunnewald, Molson Coors VP of Investor Relations. And I also want to welcome Zahir Ibrahim as our new Controller. Zahir replaces Bill Waters, who is now VP of Corporate Strategy for Molson Coors.  On the earnings call today, Stewart and I will take you through highlights of our third quarter 2011 results for Molson Coors Brewing Company, along with some perspective on the fourth quarter. In the third quarter, our company underlying aftertax earnings decreased 11%. We continue to face high unemployment among core beer consumers, lower volume and significant commodity inflation. What's new in the third quarter is additional MG&A expense in the U.S. and incremental weakness in the U.K. market. While the MillerCoors MG&A increase was anticipated, we did not expect the degree of softness in the U.K. market.  Despite these challenges, in the third quarter, we continued to focus on our 3 growth strategies of maximizing profitable growth opportunities in our core markets, accelerating our push into new and emerging markets to grow our brands globally, and looking for M&A opportunities to generate shareholder value. In our core markets, we have continued to focus on brands and innovation. In Canada, we built on the rollout of Molson Canadian 67 Sublime, Miller Chill Lemon and Rickard's Blonde. In the U.S., Blue Moon and Leinenkugel again led the class segment with double-digit growth, while Coors Light grew both volume and market share. In the U.K., we updated the Carling branding and introduced 2 new brands, Carling Chrome and Animée, a beer designed to appeal to women, along with innovative and aluminum bottles for Carling, Coors Light and Caffrey's.  Along with brand and innovation results during the quarter, we delivered $29 million in cost reductions between the RFG2 savings and our 42% share of MillerCoors cost reductions. Our international group continued to push into priority, new and emerging markets, with investments behind Coors Light, Carling, Cobra and other brands. International business volume was 50% higher in the third quarter, driven by the addition of the Si'hai brands in China and the Modelo brands in Japan, along with growth of Carling in Europe and Coors Light in Latin America and China. The new Cobra India joint venture is off to a good start, as is the introduction of Carling in the Ukraine. Regarding the China JV, as we mentioned in the last quarter, progress has been slower than planned as we work through integration issues.  During the past 4 years, we have used that cash for growth opportunities that strengthen our balance sheet and to double our dividends per share. In the third quarter, we further strengthened our balance sheet by settling 1/4 of our cross currency swaps for approximately $100 million and paid down the outstanding Ontario Beer Store debt with $94 million in cash. In addition, following on the announcement of our $1.2 billion stock repurchase plan in August, we viewed the recent market weakness as an opportunity for us to get a fast start on the buyback program. Over the past quarter, we repurchased approximately 6.3 million shares for $271 million. Stewart will provide more details in a few minutes.  So with that as an update of our strategic growth, focused on our new share repurchase program, I'll turn it over to Stewart to give third quarter financial highlights. Stewart, over to you.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, sure. I'll sort of give a summary, Carlos, and I'll pass it over to Mark, who can go into more detail for you. I think overall, what we've seen in the U.K. over the last 2 to 3 to 4 years, is a marketplace that, as you say, has continued to move from the on-premise to the off-premise, with the off-premise now being the majority of the market. Obviously, you know it's a very consolidated market at the retail end, both in the on and the off-premise. But equally, we're seeing consolidation around the brands as well, which is obviously positive for us. This particular issue, in the summer, was really, we just did not see a rebound in the market that we expected to see following the relatively easy comparisons with last year during the World Cup. So really, that's the backdrop to it. But I'll let Mark go into more detail.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you, Melissa, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today, and for your interest in Molson Coors. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of the fourth quarter.
Judy E. Hong: I guess first, just in terms of Canada, maybe you could talk a little bit more about your share performance in the context of the competitive backdrop. You talked about the challenging year-over-year comparisons, but sequentially, your share also declined by about more than 150 basis points or so. So I just wanted to get your perspective of what happened with the competitive backdrop and then your share performance in the context.
Judy E. Hong: Okay. And then on the cost side, your cost per barrel, up 16% in local currency. Even if you account for the cycling of the benefit last year, it just looks like the underlying -- maybe the input cost inflation just came in a lot higher than what you have seen in the first half of the year. And then if I take Stewart's guidance for the full year, it actually implies, Q4, you could see maybe even a decline in cost per barrel. So I'm just trying to understand the context of 3Q and then sort of the implication versus the full-year guidance.
Judy E. Hong: Yes. And then on the input cost side, so is it correct for us to assume, because in the first half I think commodities were up 2.5% to 3%. It looks like in Q3, it was maybe closer to 5%, 5.5%, if I take your comment.
David Perkins: Judy, it's Dave. Just on the sequential share in Q3, it was more or less flat with Q2 and Q1. So I just want to correct that first.
David Perkins: Yes, the absolute share level in Q3 would be within 1/10 of a point of what we've seen in the first half of the year. Okay? Okay. So just with that corrected, let me give you a perspective then on share. I mean, we're not where we want to be yet. We did go down 1/2 a share point in the quarter. That having been said, as Stewart referenced, we were cycling almost a share point increase prior year. What I do like in what I see about our market share is, first of all, the fact that we have remained essentially stable on a sequential basis while growing our NSR per hectoliter. We've also outpaced the market with Canadian trademark, Coors Light, Rickard's, Keystone and our craft brands. So we've seen a number of our strategic brands actually growing share in the quarter, which feels very good to me. Innovation has delivered about 3 share points again. So that will be consistent with recent quarters and I think is a positive sign. Where we've lag the market is really in the imports and unsupported brands. Unsupported brands, not concerned about that, and on the import front, we're working to put plans in place for the future to strengthen the performance of those brands. But overall, there's a lot to like, I think, in the market share performance in the quarter. You also touched on sort of the competitive context and I'd just say the market does remain very, very competitive right across the country, as I noted last quarter. I think in terms of changes that we're seeing, Judy, in the West, I would say pricing is firming up somewhat. So we feel good about some things we're seeing there. In Québec, we've actually seen discounting increased. We're paying close attention to that. We've made some adjustments in our price volume balance and we'll continue to do that as we need to. Ontario appears pretty stable. So seeing some regional variation, but a very competitive market. Consumers continue to respond to value, as you'd expect in this environment.
David Perkins: The past won't necessarily be a good predictor. What we've seen is, through the last 2 or 3 quarters, there has been an increase in discounting in Québec. And I'd say it's a competitive -- a very competitive market now. What happens in the future is beyond my control in total and so it's very difficult to speculate. I think the fundamental that is driving the increased activity is likely the weaker industry that we had through the beginning of the year.
David Perkins: The level of brand-building activity seems fairly consistent, fairly constant to me, so nothing that is out of the ordinary, nor is it being dialed back.
David Perkins: Well, that is probably bordering on guidance on this, but some of the factors that we've seen, I mean in the most recent quarter, our EBIT was down about 5.2% for the business unit, so mid-single digit. As I look at what's going on in the market, as I say, it's remaining a very competitive market. We saw the industry perform better in this most recent quarter than has been the case for a little while. We did have very strong, very good weather in most parts of the country. And in the one region where the weather wasn't in our favor, we did see continued decline in the industry. So I just recognize the role that weather plays on the upside, sometimes in the same way that it played a negative role for us in Q2. So, look, it's going to come down to the health of the industry as we go forward. As Mark referenced for the U.K., we're certainly pushing into the challenge of strengthening the beer category in Canada with broader targeting of consumers that we go after, with innovation, with expanded occasions that we're developing for beer. But that is a longer-term play, I think, when you look at it realistically. So we just need to stay focused on the fundamentals of ensuring that we have a strong brand portfolio, that we're doing the right things for the fundamental health of the industry and then we'll see where that takes us.
David Perkins: Well, the cost of the NHL deal is fully absorbed in existing marketing and sales budgets. So it's not onerous in that sense. I wouldn't take some of the descriptors that you've seen in the press, probably, on the deal. It's a very reasonable deal for us. It's one that we feel will be an important part of building the health of our portfolio. So we're really excited about it. The impact of that deal has not yet kicked in, in the sense of driving our business. So that's ahead of us. That's an opportunity ahead of us. But, no, we feel very good about it. I mean, hockey is something that is very central to the Canadian culture and really helps us with the Molson Canadian and the Coors Light brand.
David Perkins: Okay, so James, we're seeing growth in Canada in what we call the above premium market that is similar to the trends that you'd be familiar with from the U.S. I mean, there's a vibrant craft sector here. There are some strong above premium import brands. In recent months, we've seen some weakness in that import sector. I think that consumers are really watching their dollars in that sense. But overall, when you take a longer-term view, there's clearly a trend here that favors the above premium brands. So what we've done is set up a company called Six Pints that would be similar to Tenth and Blake. It has our 2 craft brands, Creemore and Granville Island, in there. And the prestige sales force is really a small supplemental sales force that will help us focus on smaller upscale accounts. So we want to extend our coverage. But that will help both the above premium portfolio of brands as well as even our mainstream scale brands. But no, we feel there's a meaningful opportunity in the above premium, and it's why we're setting up -- why we have set up a separate structure and we're pushing into that. So I think if you look at it in a similar manner as you do in the U.S., that would be fair.
David Perkins: Yes, I think it likely is in the area of mix that you hear about it. It'll play a role, I think, in category expansion. There's no doubt that there are some occasions that have gone to the wine and spirits sectors that we should be able to bring back to beer with some of the craft and the above premium import offerings that we have. But I would say the primary focus is really going to be in what we're able to do to premiumize the business. And look, this isn't a quick step up. This is something, as with category health, that over time it starts to make a difference. But to do it right, you do want to have some patience about you.
S. F. Glendinning: Judy, I can't help but start by pointing out that I haven't had any complaints about the too much until now. But I...
S. F. Glendinning: No, I think -- look, as I shared last quarter, we are going to be opportunistic. We're going to buy back the shares as we see the greatest opportunity to create value for shareholders. And we do have sort of a roughly 3-year period over which we expect to execute this. And we said last quarter that we weren't going to share our specific trading strategies. So I really am not in a place where I can say, "Oh, we're going to spend this amount next quarter and this amount in the following quarter." We're going to balance our cash needs as always, as we've done to this point, based on balance sheet requirements, based on opportunities to grow in the marketplace and based on, broadly, opportunities to create shareholder value. If you look back in this quarter, we saw it as an excellent opportunity to deploy a fairly healthy amount of cash. We had a good amount of cash on the balance sheet and we thought that the share price was attractively priced.
S. F. Glendinning: We haven't given any -- we won't give any guidance relative to what that will mean for 2011. But I will say that, in the fourth quarter, when we release our earnings, we'll be sure to comment on its influence on the fourth quarter.
S. F. Glendinning: John, difficult -- well, first of all, we really won't give any specific guidance about when we think it will come to pass but we'll reach that. But what is longer term, I'd look out sort of out to 4, 5 years. And I expect that over that -- between now and then, we will see our rates increase. And so this is one of the reasons why we try to give guidance each year, during the year, to help with where our tax rates are going to go. As you know, there's been a fair amount of volatility and even that volatility we can't plan for, because the outcomes of various tax positions are resolved by closed audits. And we take a position that we think is sensible. We give you the guidance at the beginning of the year and then we update it during the course of the year. So again, look out 3, 4, 5 years. That's sort of as we get to the longer-term, and you should expect to see, from this point on, we see increasing rates over that timeframe.
S. F. Glendinning: Mark, before you ask your question, just to John's point, in terms of step up, when we have one-time volatility like we did have, that we'll see this year, yes, you will see some step up from that artificially low rate. But if you look back over the last couple of years, we'll see a gradual increase. I just want to make that point clear.
S. F. Glendinning: Yes. First, I don't think you should expect similar charges going forward. This was a bit of a one-off. And this plan was a multi-employer plan where we were basically the only employer in the plan. So as we looked at it and the discussions we've had, Gavin pointed out this morning that we've highlighted it in the past, our goal was to -- we thought the best way to handle it was to merge it with our existing -- with one of our existing plans. The merger of that plan triggers the charge, but it fundamentally hasn't changed the real obligations of the organization. And we were always going to be obligated to that multi-employer plan.
