Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, I would say for the first quarter, our shipments certainly were higher than what we were expecting. We were obviously planning to ship higher than our brand of volumes. But our supply chain team did a tremendous job actually exceeding our expectations each and every week. As you know, we have a strike down in Fort Worth, and we have a contingency plan and the contingency plan is working better than we had originally expected. So short answer is yes, Q1 was better. And we would expect, obviously, that overshipment to come back over the next 9 months because we always try and ship pretty much to consumption over the year. Given the strong -- how strong summer always is for us from a shipment point of view, we would expect more of that to come back in the back half of the year than we would in the front half of the year.  From an overall industry point of view, the year didn't start off that well from an industry point of view that was mostly attributable, we believe, to broader weather conditions across the country. March did come back quite nicely, although it was still down, but it came back compared to January and February. And then April has been pretty choppy from an industry point of view.  The first 2 weeks were not good. Obviously, there were some dislocations there like -- and timing issues like Easter, which moved into Q1. But it's been pretty noisy. The third week actually was a little better. Actually quite a lot better than the first 2 weeks of April. So a lot of volatility at the moment, a lot of holiday mismatches and that drove us to be just a little bit more cautious about the outlook for the industry.  And as I've said in the past, the industry will largely land on how summer goes because it's obviously a really big selling part of the year. And so we'll have a much better idea of where the industry is going to land for the full year as we start to head into summer. So I just provide a little bit of context point. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Yes, a lot of questions in that question. So let me try and cover it off. And let me start with April, right? I mean, obviously, I understand the desire to monitor the industry on a week-by-week basis as we lap the upheaval, which we saw in 2023. We did highlight months ago that Q2 comps were going to have a lot of noise.  And it was going to be hard to credibly measure what was happening on a weekly basis. And if we stand back and look at the big picture, right? I mean, the decline of Bud Light and the explosive growth that we saw in our brands was staggered over several weeks. It didn't just happen overnight. So that was last year. And obviously, the industry took pricing this spring, which didn't happen in the spring of 2023 as I said in response to Bonnie's question, there was an Easter mismatch since the holiday was in the second quarter of last year and in the first quarter of this year. And then as you say, the shelf resets, which are going to give our core brands substantially more space in stores across America, 13% for Miller Lite and Coors Light and almost 20% for Coors Banquet, which is not a small brand for us. And the vast majority of stores haven't completed their shelf resets, their shelf adjustments yet. So we know for a fact that there's a lot of upside to come from that. I don't believe any of us have seen such a dramatic shift in shelf space before. So I don't have a ready formula to offer you from a volume perspective. But what I do know and what I do believe is that more space equals more volume. It's not a bad thing to be getting all this extra space and it's hard to see how 13% extra shelf space and 20% extra on Coors Banquet doesn't translate into a positive outcome. From an overall industry point of view, I think the answer there is a little more challenging, right? We haven't seen any data that suggests that GLP-1 is, for example, which I know is often cited as an issue, although that has quieten down, we don't have data to suggest that that's having a meaningful impact on the alcohol space. I do think that we're living in very volatile times. I do think that inflation is proving to be a little more sticky than folk expected and interest rates are higher and staying for longer. So I do see cautious behavior from consumers. And when you lump all of these things together, that does, as Tracey said in her remarks lead to us being a little bit more cautious and prudent as to how we see the industry going forward. But at the same time, we are confident in our ability to drive to our guidance this year for, I think, the third year in a row. And we're confident in our long-term algorithm. So I hope that helps, Andrea. And I hope I covered off on all your questions in that one question. 
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks, Bill, and good morning to you. Look, I think I would draw your attention to the comment I just made around shipments, right? If you look at what happened in Q1, we were about 750,000 hectare liters shipped higher than brand volume. If you look at what we did last year, it was 100,000 hectoliters higher than brand volume. So we have 650,000 hectoliters above consumption, which we would expect to come back in the next 9 months, mostly, as I said, in the second half of the year.  This was a little better than we had originally expected as I responded to Bonnie's question because our supply chain is doing a tremendous job keeping up with supply and our contingency plan is -- we're outperforming our contingency plan every single week. We did very deliberately increase our shipments in Q1 so that we could meet the extra momentum that we expect and that we could meet the extra demands that the shelf resets will give us. But I would draw your attention to that as being the primary driver, Bill, as we head into the last 9 months of the year. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Peter. Yes, look, I mean, obviously, from an April point of view in the choppiness, I'll refer you to my response to maybe it was Andrea's question or Bonnie's, I'm not sure. But we're confident we can lap the results that we had from last year. We believe that we've created a new foundation on which to grow. Shares held for more than a year now. And our first quarter share gains are consistent with the gains that we experienced in the second half of 2023. Our core brands in the U.S. now hold around 15.6% volume share of the industry. That's up over 2 share points from the beginning of 2023.  And as I said earlier, we expect to see choppiness in Q2 when the 2023 gains were at their highest. So I would be careful about drawing conclusions from week-to-week share data. This month. As I said, our share gains in Q1 are consistent with where we were in the second half of last year. And in April, despite starting to cycle some of the big gains we had last year, our rolling 52-week volume share, which is around 23.1%, I think. Three weeks in is exactly the same as it was at the end of -- at the end of Q1.  From a shelf resets point of view, we either draw or validate about 50,000 planograms in a year. And so we've got a really good understanding of what's going to happen from a shelf reset point of view. And we feel confident in the numbers that we've given of 13% extra for Coors Light and Miller Lite and almost 20% extra for Coors Banquet. As to timing, as I said, the vast majority of our retailers have not completed their shelf resets. This takes place from April, can go all the way through to July actually. So we'll expect to see the benefits of that as we head through Q2, Peter. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, from an overall industry point of view, I mean, we are more cautious, right? I mean the first 2 weeks of April were pretty grim from an industry point of view and did bounce back a little bit in the third week, but we're still down. So yes, I would say from an overall industry point of view, we are more cautious since CAGNY as more data has come in and particularly the first couple of weeks of April. Now Steve, I think it's important that we do put that cautious note out there, given what we've just seen over the last 3 weeks. But we won't know exactly what's going to happen with the U.S. beer industry until I think we're through summer, and we see what transpires in summer. From an overall guidance point of view, we are confident that we can deliver our guidance that we've issued this year. And that's why we've reiterate, despite the caution that we have in the overall industry trends that we're seeing at the moment. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. Let's look at the U.K. I think that was the thrust of your earlier first part of your question. In the U.K., the consumer, as we've been saying for quite some time now has been quite resilient, particularly in the face of the severe inflation that we saw there. From an on-premise point of view, continues to perform well, right? And from our perspective, we continue to hold volume share. Where we are seeing a decline from our perspective and more broadly, right, is there was obviously a fairly large excise tax increase in the off-premise specifically to try and close the gap between the off-premise and the on-premise in the U.K. from a tax point of view. But we are also seeing significantly more competitive promotional activities in the off-premise in the U.K., which we have not followed.  And so that's impacting our share in the off-premise in the U.K. negatively. On the flip side in Central Eastern Europe, we were pretty cautious about that market last year given the impacts of inflation and the overall economy energy prices and so on, on consumers' disposable income. And thankfully, we're starting to see that trend reverse in this year as consumers' confidence has improved. The disposable income gap has improved because inflation has come down, energy prices are a little lower.  And we're starting to see that flow through in our volumes in Central and Eastern Europe. So positive from that perspective. As we've seen for some time now, the on-premise in the U.S. still continues to outperform the off-premise in our U.S. markets. And then from a consumer behavior point of view, we're not seeing trade down to -- between price segments. We are seeing -- I think I made this point last time around Brian. We are seeing some consumer behavior changing at the 2 extremes of our pack sizes. So more focused on singles and small packs and on the other end of that spectrum, more focus on large pack consumption with a little bit of a squeeze taking place on that sort of mid-tier pack size of 12 packs and 24 packs. I don't have any data that would suggest that consumers consumption and purchasing behavior has changed more meaningfully than that brand. We're not seeing that. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. And the other part of your question, Chris, firstly, I wouldn't attribute the first few weeks of April's overall industry performance to weather. I don't think that we're seeing that at all. I mean, weather has not really been much of an issue. So I wouldn't pin it on that. It's more around consumer behavior and our belief that around consumer confidence, as I alluded to a little earlier. In terms of regional splits, no. I don't think we've got any data that would suggest there's anything dramatic happening in any particular region from an industry point of view. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Yes, our shipments were better than we expected in the first quarter. We very deliberately took our shipments up in the first quarter for 2 reasons: one, which was obviously preplanned and one we put into action in early February. So obviously, we wanted to make sure that we -- our distributors had sufficient inventory to meet the demands, which we knew are going to come from a shelf reset point of view and to continue fueling the momentum behind our brands. And so that was planned. And then we did obviously increase inventory because of the strike, which we're experiencing in Fort Worth. The part we weren't expecting is that our supply chain team on a consistent week-over-week basis, I think we're in week 9 or 10 of the strike have overdelivered our expectations from a supply point of view. So that was not expected. And so where it's left us is that we have -- our inventory is in a very healthy place for us to meet the demands of the shelf resets, which are taking place as we speak to meet the demands of a base of volume, which is substantially higher today than it was more than a year ago. Behind the momentum of our brands and then also to continue to meet the demands of our distributors and our retailers as we move through the strike in Fort Worth. So hopefully, that answers your question, Lauren. Thanks. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for that question, Eric. I mean I'd point to a couple of things. One is we are very confident in our plans that we have behind not only our big core brands, but also our new innovations and our Above Premium portfolio, not only in the U.S. but also in Canada and also across the pond. So we're executing against the plan that we had, and we're spending the money behind our brands to maintain the structural shift that we've seen, and we like our plans. We think they're working. We think our Coors plan Choose Chill and Miller Lite's all stars programs have been very well received by the consumers. Madri in the U.K. and our recent launch up into Canada has been extremely well received by the consumers and retailers and distributors alike. And so our intent is to fuel the fire that we have, and that's our plan. I would also remind you, though, that we do have lots of tools which didn't exist 10 years ago in which we used to consistently monitor what's working and what's not working. It does help that more than half of our marketing media spend is now in digital, which allows our marketing team to identify what's working and what's not, what's driving value and what's not. And we are almost at flick of a switch able to change that if we believe that is necessary. So I guess the short answer is, we believe in our acceleration plan. We believe in the health of our brands and we are fueling those brands. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. I think that the answer to that is that the retailers are confident and excited about our plans, and they're confident and excited about our velocities and have accordingly allocated us unprecedented amounts of extra space. That's the first point. I don't believe when all is said and done that we will see a large expansion in the space that is -- that has been allocated to beer as a category. I think you'll see changes within that. Certainly, craft and flavor, more specifically, seltzers will get less space. And then there's obviously the big structural shift in the premium light space moving from our biggest competitor to ourselves. But overarchingly, I don't see much change one way or another from an overall beer category point of view. In terms of updating our outlook on the industry, I think we're just more cautious, and we need more data than just a few weeks in April before we reach conclusion. And as I said, earlier. It is easier to do that once we throw the biggest selling season, which will have the biggest impact on where the industry lands for the full year. So hopefully, that helps. Thanks, Robert. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Look, I think from an overall industry point of view and drawing conclusions in the first 3 weeks of April, is not something that we're going to do, right? There's a lot of choppiness that's taking place in April. I think I covered that off on an earlier question around the timing of Easter, the massive dislocation, which we saw take place over several weeks in April from the Bud Light situation, the Eastern mismatch pricing and so on. So I think it's too soon to say whether these structural or the industry caution that we've expressed is transitory or not. From a Blue Moon point of view, yes, Blue Moon Belgian White is the #1 in craft and it's -- and Blue Moon Light is actually the #1 in light craft beer and as we all know, the Craft segment has had fairly significant challenges over the last couple of years. And because we're the biggest brand in that space, we're not immune to that. Having said that, we do know that we've got more work to do around Blue Moon. And to that end, we've launched a new campaign. We've changed the packaging of all of the Blue Moon family so now appears in retail as a family as opposed to different brands. We've repositioned Blue Moon Light and we've made a really interesting fora into non-alc space with Blue Moon non-alc, which it's early days yet, but is certainly performing quite well. And providing a nice halo for the overall Blue Moon family. So Nadine, we are committed to reinvigorating this brand, notwithstanding the challenges in the overall craft space. It's been around for a long time. It's a great brand. It's got a wonderful iconography, and we think we can change the momentum of this brand and that's our plan. And whilst it's obviously early days because that plan has only been in place for a month or so, the early signs are positive. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett. Look, I think the work that we've done as a category is having more of a positive impact than a transitory one. So I would suggest that the work that we've done around flavors, non-alcohol beers, the moderate impact of the -- all of these things are positive for the overall beer industry, and I don't believe that those are transitory. I will move into flavors more broadly as opposed to seltzers specifically, it's been very positive for us as we've driven into the consumer trend of wanting flavor and moving around within flavor more actively than perhaps has happened in the past, whether that's moving from brands in the seltzer space to brands in the flavor space, which has really benefited simply. And then obviously, our foray into Happy Thursday opens up a very new and exciting opportunity for us. And I think you see this more broadly across the beer industry. So I don't see those as transitory. I see that as more permanent. Thanks, Brett. 
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Joe. Look, I think our move into beyond beer is much broader than spirits, right? And actually, I would say the bigger move that we've made is into both flavor with brands like Simply and Happy Thursday, coupled with our move into the non-allocation space and specifically with ZOA so the sort of non-ALC non-beer space with ZOA. I certainly believe that we need to have more than just ZOA in the non-alc space, and certainly, that can come from internal development as opposed to buy. I think from a spirits point of view, we did launch our own spirits -- our own spirits brands. And we did, as you say, buy a stake in Blue Run.  We've been at this for a couple of years, and our competitors have been at this for hundreds of years. So I'm pleased with our progress, and we've got more work to do to understand this space and be more effective -- and more effective in it. 
