Gavin Hattersley: Well, in Europe we have recently signed a deal with Miami Cocktail’s with -- you know, Bodega Bay its the first, one of the early entrants into the seltzer market there. I'm going to keep a little bit close to my chest some of our other plans around seltzer because we haven't been public about it in Europe, Kevin. But you can assume that we will be showing up there, beyond just bigger Bodega Bay.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks. So, as far as the onpremise in Europe is concerned, you can divide it up into Central Europe and Western Europe. Central Europe opened up – started to open up in the second quarter. And we quite quickly got above the sort of 50% level of pubs and restaurants were opening, but obviously they were at reduced capacity. And we've seen the, that sort of level -- level out in this – in the sort of 70% to 80% of pubs and restaurants opening. Volume impact is obviously greater than that because of the lower capacity and social distancing processes and procedures that they've got. Obviously, tourism has been very hard hit in Central Europe, particularly in countries like we operate in Czech Republic, Croatia, and so on. From a U.K. point of view, on-premise was pretty much non-existence for most of the second quarter. I think – started opening up on July 4th weekend and again same scenario, we have seen a decent proportion of on-premise and outlets reopen, but again at lower capacities and lower volume levels. As far as inventory is concerned in both the U.K. and Central Europe, our on-premise supply for kegs is not an issue at this point in time. Our constraint is more in the off-premise, which has seen a similar surge as we've seen in the North American business.
Gavin Hattersley: No, we haven't actually seen that this time around yet, certainly support for our premium lots both premium itself had been strong and we haven't seen a lot of trade down into the economy segment. Now that might still come given some of the actions which national governments have taken in terms of support for the – for unemployed folk, but we haven't seen that to date. In prior recessions we've actually have seen ongoing support for premium and above premium brands but at the same time as some focus have traded down. So at this point in time we're not seeing it.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, maybe I'll just give a couple of toplines and then Trace can add color to it. But, we're very pleased with how our revitalization plan is going, notwithstanding the circumstances in which were -- which were operating. I'm enormously proud of how all of our people, actually, but mostly the supply chain and procurement operations are functioning during what is clearly a very, very difficult time. Our breweries are operating as efficiently as I can remember them and I've been here for quite some time now. So, that is certainly helping COGS. And our revitalization plan, as far as cost goes, is on track.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, let me take that one. I'm just not going to get into engaging in all the rumors and hypotheticals and speculation that goes on outside of our organization. Our decisions that we're making right now to navigate the coronavirus and the global economic downturn have and will continue to be guided by the two principles I've spoken about first. Right? Putting our people first and mitigating the short term business risks. And then, secondly, ensuring that the actions we take today during this pandemic position our business to succeed in the long term. And as it regards our distribution company, we love our distribution company in Denver, it gives great learnings for us to help our sales folk and our operations folk, learn and be put in a better position to know what it's like on the other side of the desk, so to speak and just – we believe, makes us significantly better partners to our other distributors around the country.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. So I'll take your second question first. At the beginning of the pandemic, we obviously took really quick action with our marketing spend in basically three ways, we right-size the overall spend. We delayed some spending on new products and we shifted media to consumer relevant channels with consumer relevant messaging. We made sure that we prioritized our spin behind our big trusted core brands like Blue Moon and Miller Lite and Coors Light. We did choose to delay some other significant spend behind certain products, due to change. The chain resets were delayed and consumer behavior in stores, just changed fundamentally, and we also shifted our media to channels like Twitch and YouTube and Reddit and Hulu, where our consumers were migrating to. In fact, we created a significant number of new programming at very short notice, like the Miller Lite’s virtual tip jar and the Coors Lights America could use a beer campaign which both of which connected extremely well with consumers. So our focus has been to maintain top of Top of Mind awareness for our for our big brands. As far as the remainder of the year is concerned, as we discussed and Tracey said, we expected – our marketing spend in the second half of this year to be higher than the second half of last year. So to answer your question directly we expect right now that the six months, remaining in this year will be higher than the in the second six months in 2019. We're going to make sure we've got strong pressure behind. Big trusted brands like Miller Lite and Coors Light. And we're going to draw a crowd n awareness behind our new innovations of Vizzy and Coors seltzer and Blue Moon – Blue Moon LightSky. But just as we've shown in Q2, we'll obviously monitor what's happening around us, and if things change, we've shown that we can, that we can pivot, our marketing as A - as appropriate. As far as your first question is concerned look it's quite a tough question to answer. We haven't seen that, a huge spike that we saw in that one week in March, but certainly the continued off premise trains in some of the states we've seen opening – openings and then closings again of on-premise outlook has continued,
Gavin Hattersley: Couple of ways that I can answer that question, one is we're definitely going – based on what we know now we're going to increase our marketing spend in the second half our revitalization cost savings will continue to flow through, but as Tracy mentioned, there are some one off items which were beneficial to us in the second half of – of last year which won't obviously be in the second half of this year. So we're not giving a specific guidance on that, but that's broadly how you should look at it.
Gavin Hattersley: Good morning, Vivien. And yes craft should be -- underperforming craft brands should be a shared donor. My comment really relates to the word underperforming, right. And there are number of underperforming craft brands that exist out in various channels and that should be a shared owner. The same would apply to slow moving underperforming flavored malt beverages.
Gavin Hattersley: Not at the extensive faster turning sub premium economy brands Vivien. And we've always said all segments matter and they do, to an earlier question was, we haven't seen an impact of trade and one can assume that that will happen if the consumer spending unemployment remains fairly challenged into the back half of this year and into next.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, look Vizzy is being well received by all consumer demographics, but particularly by the 21 to 29 year old.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Thanks Steve. Good morning. Look, I mean, as I said in my opening remarks and as you referenced, right, we're producing and shipping can beer at significantly higher rates than we have in recent years. The demand for 12 ounce cans is just unprecedented and our competitors in the alcoholic and non-alcoholic space are seeing it as well. For us, this has been more pronounced for the 12 ounce tall slim can, and then also the strong success of Vizzy and Blue Moon LightSky that has also added to the pressure. We've addressed this in a number of ways. One is we have suspended production of slower moving products packaged in the 12 ounce cans, so that we can fulfill our faster moving packs. And we've had to adjust orders from wholesalers for some packages to balance supply levels across the country. We are seeing the situation begin to improve with respect to the 12 ounce industry standard can and so some of the slower moving products will start to turn those back on in the weeks ahead. But we do remain tight on the quiz like 12, talking. And that will probably continue impacting us through summer. It is, of course, dependent upon on premise closures or reopenings. We also did have some packaging supply constraints, specifically for paperboard, but our suppliers making progress. As far as they're concerned as well, so I think Tracy said in her opening remarks, I mean it is our intention to ship to consumption for the full year and -- yeah, I think that's about it.
Gavin Hattersley: I don’t [ph] say it in a couple of ways. Tracey can answer the EBITDA ratios as it relates to the end of the second quarter on 12-month trailing basis and where we are. But, it certainly hasn't constrained us from investing behind what we think are going to be very successful entrance. And, a point to our Fort Worth expansion of both canning line and a filtration system that neither of those were necessarily planned into this year and we've made and have full board support to invest a meaningful amount of money behind our -- ourselves a portfolio. I think it's also you can draw the same conclusion from the fact that we're increasing our marketing spend in the back half of the year or that's our current plan is to do that based on current circumstances. So I think what I'm saying is we are quite willing and able to invest where we believe we need to invest to be successful for the long-term. That really plays, Steve, to my point about doing things in the short-term, but not hobbling us for the long-term. Do you just want to comment on our ratio for the...
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brian. To answer your first question, no, we haven't seen that, I think, as many marketeers are upping their spend in the second half because it makes sense there are some industries where it still doesn't make sense. On Premise national trends would be an example, so the short answer is no, we haven't seen any impact from that perspective. The second part is the effectiveness of the spend and actually we saw some results in the late last week or earlier this week that showed that the marketing effectiveness on some of our programs in the second quarter was as high as we've seen them in quite some time and I'm referring to campaigns like the Miller Lite's virtual tip jar and Coors Light America could use a beer [ph]. So, marketing effectiveness and return on investments actually getting better not worse than I would expect that to be the case in the second half, given the programs that we've got coming.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, it would I mean it would probably affect how much we spend but it would also affect where we would spend. Our marketing team have been very nimble in second quarter adjusting on the fly, so to speak, given that we weren't expecting a pandemic and shifting our spend into place where our consumers are. So right now we're obviously expecting full NFL season and we've got majorly Baseball underway and hockey starting and the NBA starting. But that should change I've got to target, based on what they did in the second quarter I've got absolute confidence that we will be able to be nimble in the third and we would adjust to us been dependent on whether it was effective or not.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look I mean from a from a lost sales point of view. Now I'm not going to quantify that I mean obviously we have lost some sales. There's two methods of determining out of stocks right. Out of stocks that are at wholesaler and out of stock on the shelf and obviously the former tends to be higher than the latter because of the way the whole system works. So, I'm quite sure that we've that we have lost some retail sales, but consumers have been shifting between package types when they preferred package type is not available. I'd also pointed that we are shipping more canned beer then we have in many, many years, Robert. As far as the as the mix is concerned look, I'm not -- I think, I can refer you to historic numbers in our 10-K. As far as the can and bottling can that is concerned, I'm not going to get into that now. I just feel it's a little competitively sensitive right now. As you can assume that cans in Europe, we're pretty low in the second quarter and came off a lot in the North American business. The bottles for the same reason would have come off, because there's a strong on premise component too that as well. We are excited to say that our top ten fastest growing SKUs at the moment are canned.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Robin, we don't talk about pricing as it relates to the ideas, I would say to you though, our partners have been tremendous partners with us from a supplier point of view. And, also obviously, is, is an uptick in input costs to source can from South Africa, or from an Africa or from a Middle East. The aluminium price is also a bit of an offset to that. So our partners have been superb from this perspective.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Hey. It's not the easiest time to launch a new innovation. Robert you're right. But moving in Alaska and busy or off to and off to very strong starts notwithstanding that. The reaction that we've received from our retailers, particularly the chain customers for Coors seltzer sell throughs is very strong. I'm very pleased with the chain placements that we've that we've received. And if the initial orders from our distributor are any indication of success, then we're going to get off to a very strong start.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Look, when remember the MG&A cut is both North America and Europe. And so we have pulled back, the team in Europe has done a tremendous job prioritizing spend and pulling back spend based on fact that we do out of our index to the on premise in Europe. And obviously it was nonexistent in the U.K. for three months of the year. As far as hurting our brands? No, in fact, I have the opposite data, I think I said in response to an earlier question that the marketing effectiveness behind our corporate ends in North America is actually been -- has actually been very positive. And when you look at it quiz like segment share, I think it had its highest segment share ever in the second quarter. And Miller High Life deliver the 23rd consecutive segment share growth. So we're not seeing that; in fact, we're seeing somewhat of the -- of the opposite.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Bonnie, we went off giving short term sales trends many years ago. We gave it last quarter because we thought it was helpful given -- right in the middle of the pandemic. But we don't, we don't believe that the short term trend is terribly helpful to the market. So we don't plan to give that.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, Ball has been a tremendous partner of us during this pandemic Bonnie, just like we’re constrained, they're constrained and they've helped us look for cans around the globe. So I can't say enough positive about our partners during this time. As far as our joint venture is concerned, they're primarily produces the Queensland toll and obviously the Keystone toll and we running that planters as hard and as fast as can. And it would be giving us an advantage at this point in time. But it is still very constrained, given the huge demand that we've had for peers like large packs, primarily that that plant is running effectively and efficiently.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I think we can say that our global brand volumes did sequentially improve. And obviously, given that the first few weeks in July, we said was down 14 and we ended up at five. You can do the math as you've clearly done before, but we're not going to give month to month retail sales.
Gavin Hattersley: I am sorry, April, sorry, down 14 was April. Yeah. Operator: And ladies and gentlemen, with that, we’ll conclude today's question and answer session. I'd like to turn the conference call back over to management for any closing remarks.
Lauren Lieberman: Great. Thanks, good morning. First thing I was hoping to get some color on was the COGS per hectoliter in the quarter and how to think about that going forward. I know Trace you mentioned that you had a one-time benefit from the favorable property tax situation. But, you know, by my math that was, you know, not quite half but a good portion of the upside to earnings in the quarter, and so as we think forward and think about marketing going up to support all the innovation you're doing. I just wanted some perspective on how to think about COGS per hectoliter. Thanks.
Lauren Lieberman: So in the – the cost savings then were very, very strong, and the platform, so could you maybe just give us a little bit more color on your new productivity initiatives or things that were going on there that may well be part of the longer term restructuring plans. But, again, even if I ex-out that tax benefit, the costs were – actually would have come through, you know, much, much better, I think, than most people have modeled. And with the amount of volume deleverage there is. So how much that cost savings can prove sticky? Because that would give a lot of support to the P&L and EBITDA growth looking ahead.
Lauren Lieberman: Okay. That's great. And then, if I could just ask a second question. I mean, clearly, as you’ve said, you're making great progress with the transformation plan; we're seeing it in the COGS that we just talked about. But when we think about balance sheet and I know that you guys have -- there's been quite a bit in the media around, I quote, strategic review, there's been debate about Europe. I’m just wondering, if there's other assets you have that may not be strategic and could give you more flexibility from balance Sheet standpoint. So, for example, I believe you still have, I guess, one distribution business, which maybe is a bit of like a legacy position. And I'm just curious, if you're kind of thinking about non-core assets within the context of this transformation plan is, it may give you some more flexibility on the balance sheet.
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Lauren. Yes, as we seen underlying COGS per hectoliter and constant currency increase by 0.4%. And so we had volume deleverage, which would account for around 250 basis points. And we also had the thank you pay, which we had a portion of that in the COGS line. And then offsetting there, the favorable resolution to the property tax appeal and was just under 100 basis points. And then obviously we had favourability coming from cost savings, as well. So, hopefully, that is huge – that is helpful for you. And just to notice – yes, just to notice Lauren, the 100 basis points for the property tax appeal is sitting in an unusual – sorry, that is an unusual and that's why we called it off.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean, we’ve mentioned cost savings around the $600 million for the next three years and as Gavin said, we’re well on track to hit the target.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So I’m agreed we’ve been making an, obviously, really good progress and again even leverage ratio is obviously -- quarter-by-quarter is different. But, if I look at leverage ratio at the end of -- or our net debt-to-EBITDA ratio at the end of June, on a trailing 12-month basis, that we’re around 3.4 times. So, that's an improvement from the end of the year, the end of last year. So, we'll continue to focus on debt and debt paid on at leverage ratio as it is our desire to maintain our investment grade rating.
