Mark Hunter: There's quite a lot in there so let me try to answer. If you look at our overall cost savings and synergies, we cleared out very clearly our 3-year exploration, and that transformation was one that had increased following the initial synergy assumption. So we increased synergies, and we accelerated those to get us the $550 million over 3 years. We've now increased that number from $550 million to $600 million. And we've made very good progress in year 1. We actually managed to accelerate some of the savings from years 3 and 2 and to year 1, which was very encouraging. That was important because as we came through 2017, some of the inflation assumptions were actually more negative than we'd anticipated, particularly around aluminum and fuel. So it was important that we over-delivered. And there's no real change that we that we think about allocation of savings within our business. Clearly, we're not going to give a formula because it's important that we retain flexibility to use those cost savings as we see appropriate. But obviously, the offset inflation, which was driven principally through commodities, any volume deleverage we're seeing. We're also using some of those cost savings to focus on our global growth and efficiency initiatives. So we set up the next cycle cost savings in our business and things like global shared services and supply chain infrastructure changes are taking place in Canada as a couple of examples, and then a proportion flows through to the bottom line. So that's the way that we tend to look at our cost savings. And alongside those, obviously, as we intimated, we continued to retain flexibility in terms of our overall MG&A to ensure that we deliver EBITDA margin expansion the bottom line improvements. I think the second part of your question, related to the U.S. and I think Gavin and I have been very clear that stabilizing our volume in the U.S. is a strategic imperative ahead of moving into absolute growth that the business and volume terms have declined for the best part of 10 years. Our intent is still to deliver this on 2018. If industry volumes are softer than anticipated, it may take a lot longer to get there but it doesn't change this strategic imperative. And we'll make sure we do that in a manner that allows us to grow even though margins and overall EBITDA. In other words, we're not chasing stabilization and growth at any cost, but growth in a measured and balanced way I think the team demonstrated our ability to do that if you look at our EBITDA performance in the U.S. in the fourth quarter and on a full year basis.
Mark Hunter: There were reasonably balanced. And I think what we've said is we're not going to update on a quarterly basis on cost savings and synergies. We'll do that on a full year basis, and we've now giving you an updated guidance and expanded our cost savings aspiration. The thing to bear in mind is, I think, in 2017, inflation giving about $60 million to $65 million ahead of what we anticipated, and we think inflation will grow by about another $50 million as we go into 2018.
Mark Hunter: That's on a global basis, that's correct. And we also mentioned as well in our guidance, we'll be cycling the benefit direct tax provision reversal in 2017 of -- Q1 of 2017. So there's a few puts and takes as you think about 2018. The improvement and solid financial performance of our business is very real for sure.
Mark Hunter: I think the other thing you mentioned was really around our MG&A spend, particularly the fourth quarter. I think again, we've been very consistent, we'll retain flexibility around our commercial investment, and we're working very hard across our business to drive commercial investment, productivity, principally through the ROMI model but just becomes stronger and stronger in the U.S. and rolled into Canada and it's rolled into the U.K. as well. So really making sure we're driving higher returns out of every existing dollar. And that's allowed us from the back of some of the procurement work we've done as well through get -- give us more flexibility in some of that marketing spend, and we're utilizing that in real time quarter-by-quarter.
Mark Hunter: Yes, Gavin, that's clear. Vivien, the only thing I will add and I think it was behind your question; are there any unintended consequences of our focus on Below Premium, and that's something we are monitoring them carefully. We don't believe that the work we've done on Below Premium is having an impact on other parts of our portfolio. The economy drinkers are our Below Premium drinkers in the U.S. are very, very loyal; and our job is to ensure that we compete effectively in that segment for those loyal drinkers. And as we come into this year, we're also looking to ensure that LDA to 24 drinkers joined the beer category through introduction of our Two Hats brands. So we're being very careful about the interaction between the segments and our pricing relativities. And I think we feel pretty good about the strategy and effectiveness of that strategy through 2017.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So Gavin, do you want to pick up on just on the construct of revenue per barrel in the U.S.? And then Tracey, do want to pick up on 2018 inflation, avoiding any guidance as per Judy's question? Gavin, over to you.
Mark Hunter: The only thing I would add, Gavin and Robert, again if you take a step back, the U.S. industry, beer industry continues to be the largest global profitable in the margin to expand because even with volumes under a little bit of pressure continues to premiumize, so continues to be a great place to compete. And it's probably not something that we get too concerned about in terms of some of the short-term trends and volatility that we see in volume line.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Tracey. And Bryan, just on your second question on this new segment that you invented the fitness beer category, I think I know what you're referring to. The good news is a few years descriptor, we have the original fitness beer we just called Miller Lite. That's what we're doubling down on. We continue to believe that continuing to focus on both Miller Lite and its very clear functional benefits and Coors Light and its very clear lifestyle benefits the best way to respond to interest in what you've described as fitness beer. The other thing that's of interest is quite significant crossover between some of the alcoholic seltzers that have come into the marketplace, and fitness or light beer and it's important that we offer bread across our portfolio. So across Miller Lite and Coors Light, we'll continue to strengthen their equities. We'll compete more assertively with Henry's Hard Sparkling, and we'll have the right products for 2018. And then, obviously, some of the metric and imports kind of play into that space as well, and the introduction of Sal becomes very important for us. So we believe that there's more than enough on our plate and we've got to be choice will about ensuring that we deliver real focus behind our portfolio. And against the 2 big light brands, Henry's Hard Sparkling and Sol, we've got the right portfolio to compete effectively and that space if I'm defining it correctly.
Mark Hunter: On the first part of your question Laurent, on just commercial effectiveness, I mean, clearly, as we've come through this year, we've worked very hard from a procurement perspective, a global media RFP, which is a very successful, which has allowed us moment to drive efficiency and productivity and some of our marketing dollars. And the simplest way to think about this is really coming to the year with an assumption around investment per hectoliter. When I was business unit CEO in Europe in this role, what we've attempted if we see their softness from a volume perspective because maybe the segment is underperforming overall, and we're trying to maintain our investment on a per hectoliter basis buy that means in totality, that investment may fall so we're still drive the same kind of productivity and impact per hectoliter. There is a combination of maintaining that spend per hec, while at the same time also driving productivity through our roaming model so that gives us flexibility in a real-time basis to respond to segment changes, our brand momentum within our business. And hopefully, that gives you a little bit of a flavor.
Mark Hunter: Okay. So let me try to try to keep it uncomplicated. The simplest way to think about this is the $330 million that we negotiated with is really a true-up an overall acquisition price the $12 billion -- $330 million. When we made the agreement to acquire the Miller brand internationally, we were very clear that there was a high-level assumption on the EBITDA. That was quite opaque because the Miller brands were embedded across the SAB business, and it wasn't a discrete business. So we started with an assumption and then said we would -- based on the trailing 12-month EBITDA close then get into purchase price adjustment. We kicked off that process and moved into a negotiation with ABI, and we feel that the true-up on overall acquisition price makes sense for us if you then look at the overall multiple we paid with the EBITDA stream. The good news is that the Miller brands are now fully adopted and integrated within our business and performing well with, I think, significant runway ahead of them in Canada and in Europe. And within International business, they're growing very, very strongly. So if you also recall, Mark, one of the things that we pointed out was based on the assumption of the trailing 12-month EBITDA. Our business model, particularly for the International business, would be different because we would be sharing that margin with our partners and our distributors. So it was never going to be apples for apples. But in headline terms, just look on this as a true-up on acquisition cost. It's now dropped to less than $11.7 million. And if you look at the overall multiple we paid for the EBITDA we acquired then feeling very good about the outcome of that negotiation.
Mark Hunter: Yes, many thanks for facilitating things today. Many thanks for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. We look forward to catching up with you in our next call and obviously, our Investor and Analyst Meeting we'll be having in New York in June of this year. So thanks for your interest in the company and look forward to speaking with you soon. Bye, everybody.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So if we look at the free cash flow, which I think is the CapEx reporting to that as well. So the free cash flow remains a focus as we look to meet our deleverage commitment to the rating agencies. So when we look at the $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, guidance that we're giving for 2018, I think a couple of things to consider. So firstly, we touch on the CapEx. So we actually started speaking about this towards the back half of last year was -- and as we were going through our cost savings and synergies, we found ways to actually spend less behind those initiatives but still continue to deliver the cost savings and synergies, and that spending less came primarily from the CapEx side; so we were able to reduce our CapEx guidance in 2017. And as well in 2018, we'll continue to deliver some CapEx reduction previously thought to be needed around synergies and cost savings through efficiencies and elimination of some projects, so that would not -- that's not timing, that's really efficiencies. And then as we look at some of the other big drivers of the free cash flow, just to think about as you're modeling, the cash taxes will be a bit of a headwind in 2018. So just as a reminder, last year, we strengthened our balance sheet through making additional pension contribution of over $300 million. Our pension contribution regarding to in 2018 is $10 million but because of that contribution last year, we actually received a tax refund. This year, we will be paying cash taxes, so that's assuming that will be a bit of a headwind as well. And then the timing of the working capital; we also just mentioned this in Q3 I believe -- what is difficult to really accurately forecast is mainly in our European business unit -- we cash collections at year-end timing is difficult because we have thousands of customers in different countries. And in 2017, at the end of 2017, we actually -- we had really strong cash collection at year-end so that's a little bit of a timing, also to consider as you look at our free cash flow, both 2017 and 2018. I hope that helps.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. And then Judy, just in terms of the cost per hectoliter guidance for the U.S., so our guidance is to be up low single-digit for 2018. As Mark also mentioned, the inflation that we are expecting in 2018 is across Molson Coors. This will be more than $50 million higher than we what we saw in 2017.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So it's -- I look at the end guidance that we've given our transaction-related cash tax benefit. So we're guiding to approximately $200 million of cash tax benefit. Now that is down from what we had previously given before tax reform, and that's really driven by the reduction in the corporate tax rate. But overall, we are a net beneficiary of the tax reform. I'm not going to, at this stage, give you exactly what those details are, but you can see just from the underlying tax rate that we're now guiding to for 2018, which will be between 18% and 22%. That is significantly lower and will provide a net benefit for us. Just in terms of the uses of the tax benefits, as Mark said, our focus is really on deleveraging our business and strengthening our balance sheet. So we will continue to generate free cash flow to pay down our debt and maintain our investment grade rating. And then as we said earlier, towards the back half of the year as we get closer to that deleverage targets, we will talk about capital allocations.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So the incremental $50 million inflation that I quoted incremental above 2017 inflation as we saw is not just COGS. It's actually COGS and G&A, and it's across all of that business units that is primarily driven by commodity inflation so aluminum and diesel fuel would be the main drivers, but it's across all [indiscernible] MG&A and COGS. Then in terms of the pension changes so what I may be refer you to is our 10-K is actually up on our website now. We've got quite a detailed lay out in tables and expeditious if you want to refer to footnote 1 and footnote 21 in our 10-K, that's detailed the change in methodology. And in footnote two, actually details the changes around the safety accounting standards. So Bryan, if you want to have a look at that and maybe come back to us after the call, we can break that down a little bit further for you.
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, as you say, we generated 1.4% the fourth quarter, which was about 20 basis points higher than in the third quarter. If you break it out between sort of a net pricing, that was about 180 basis points, and mix was negative 40 basis points. And that negative mix was entirely associated with the packaged mix as it relates to some of our packaging strategies, primarily in Keystone Light. From an overall pricing point of view, I would just point out that 2017 pricing was actually slightly up over 2016 full year pricing, about 10 basis points. As for as 2018 outlook is concerned, Judy, as Mark said, we don't guide there.
Gavin Hattersley: That's really tough, Mark. I'm trying to draw a line between all of these different industry sources this quite difficult, Robert. I can tell about us. As Mark said, we said on the third quarter called that we're going to take shipments up a little bit or inventories up a little bit in the fourth quarter. So we did that. We took our inventories up by about a day, which is in line with what we said. And that would've positively impacted shipment volumes by about 120 basis points. So it explains most of the difference between the 3 and the 1.5. I mean, I really can't comment on why industry shipments down in December; that's probably a question you should direct at our competitors. From a Nielsen and other market sources, our share remains pretty consistent with all of those sources. And I think we discontinued giving guidance on January some time ago so I'm not going to give any input into that.
Gavin Hattersley: Right. Sure, Mark. Without getting into specific detail by segment from a performance point of view, in Above Premium, which is where we're putting a lot of emphasis, we grew Blue Moon Belgian White, we grew our core partners and we grew Peroni very strongly. And as I said earlier on, we got a nice platform coming into 2018 with solid and Arnold Palmer and the ones I just mentioned. Our economy portfolio, probably heard of our best performance in 8 years, primarily driven by the success of Keystone Lite. And Mark correctly said that doing extensive analysis on the performance of Keystone Light, and it's having a no material impact on our mainstream brands. It under indexes in terms of going from those 2 brands, and some markets actually provides a Halo. So we're very pleased with the economy portfolio. And in Premium Light, as you said, has been challenged in 2017. And Miller Lite's performance actually the fourth quarter is slightly greater than in the third quarter, and Coors Light challenge for us and we're putting a lot of effort behind it to revitalize it, mostly around the road most refreshing beer. We know that it works it works before. It provides a meaningful product benefit for us. It's shown significant growth in equity, and we probably moved a bit too far away from it. So you see of the world's most refreshing beer in a meaningful way as we head into 2018. Beyond that, Mark, I don't think I should give any more specifics.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure. Thanks, Mark. We've got tens of thousands of placements for -- actually hundreds of thousands of placements for our innovation brands. You're rightly called them out as Sol and Arnold Palmer spiked half and half. Easy -- not easy, [indiscernible] which is our entry into the tea category and to try and recruit new drinkers into our economy portfolio, 21 through 24-year olds, which have primarily walked away from beer to hedges actually designed tens of thousands of new placements for that. And yes, we did get more presents for brands like Blue Moon and Coors Light and so on.
Gavin Hattersley: I got caught up between Arnold Palmer and Two Hats. Arnold Palmer is the tea and the lightly flavored light beer to recruit new drinkers.
