Peter S. Swinburn: Stewart, just so you're aware, in terms of Easter question, I basically said that the weather was poor over Easter as it was in the first quarter. But most of the momentum in terms of the sales was driven by the fact that it was the Easter holiday. So I'll pass it over to you now.
Peter S. Swinburn: Judy, we're not doing that. We're going to give you an annual feel for that. So Peter's quite right there, we're quite comfortable we're going to hit the $40 million to $60 million. And as we said last year, we expect to be at the upper end of that range for a couple of years.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, John. What I would say to you is you're quite right. I mean the first quarter is a seasonally low quarter for us. Quarters 2 and quarters 3 are our big quarters in Europe, so they're particularly important for us. As far as COGS are concerned, I would just draw your attention back to the guidance, which we've given you on COGS for Europe for the full year, which was to decrease at a low-single digit rate.
Peter S. Swinburn: And just to put some contact to color on to that, John. You've obviously, aware that there's a number of different dynamics going on in Europe. We do have -- because of again, as Stewart mentioned in Canada, because of the prevailing economic conditions, we do have a movement towards lower value price -- value brands, I'm sorry, but also lower priced channels, and that's working against us. But on the positive sense, our core brands are performing very well across Europe and also we're managing to get good growth in our above-premium business, especially with Staropramen. And we have quite an exciting innovation program coming online as well. So all of those dynamics play to the overall gross margin and as Gavin said, you do have the guidance on the COGS.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, we both tried to get to a solution on that, which didn't work. And so we are waiting for a court date, which we think will be at the end of the fall to go back to discuss the issue with a judge.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, underlying for Europe was pricing was down about 2% and mix was also down on just under 100 basis points.
Peter S. Swinburn: And Robert, just to build on that as well and Tom mentioned it in the MillerCoors call earlier, but if you look at the overall NSR per hectoliter for the U.S., it's over 3%. 50% of that is coming from mix, only 50% from pricings, that's a healthy position to be in.
Peter S. Swinburn: So what we quoted in the past, Mark, is less than 1% of our overall profit for the business. So it's immaterial as far as we're concerned.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Jay, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to catching up with you when we announce our second quarter and also with some of you on those events that I mentioned in the call script. Thank you.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, thanks, Peter. Peter is exactly right on that, Judy. And I think underlying trends were still there but we had the benefit of shifting the holiday from one quarter to another. So nothing I could see in the market that had changed dramatically. On the pricing side, look, we're very pleased with the result this quarter. And in truth, when you look at what's happening from a pricing perspective, we have been very focused on how we're promoting our products, how we're pricing our products to make sure that they're attractive to consumers. What you're seeing from a pricing perspective is the result of a very balanced program. So what is it going to look like in the future? Of course, I can't give you guidance on that but I think we've taken a good approach to the last couple of quarters.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, we do continue to see a fair amount of discounting. We continue to see particularly at the value end of spectrum, that people are being aggressive. And that is just a reflection of a much weaker market. So you would expect that having said that, inside of that, we've been performing relatively well. We gained share in value and we've been gaining share of the kraft segment. And our core brands outside of Coors Light have been performing well. So yes, that's maybe if you got the follow-on from that, that's how I see it.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure. I mean, look, in total, we feel good about the shared performance but not great. Good in the sense that on a historical basis, we're seeing -- we're starting to see some improvement in overall shared performance. We don't feel great because, frankly, losing share is not where we want to be. When we look at the underlying components of the portfolio that we're trying to transform, there's a lot of good healthy stuff that's going on. As I mentioned earlier in the call, growing share in value, growing share in craft, we're premiumizing the portfolio, Banquet is doing really well. Canadian, we couldn't be happier with, of course -- you and the Rest of World would've seen the red fridge in Sochi. So all of the pieces of our portfolio working well. Coors Light continues to be a drag. Peter's right, there is overlap between Coors Banquet and Coors Light. When you look at the trademark in total, so those 2 combined, then the share is much closer to flat for the 2 brands combined. But nevertheless, we are very, very focused on making sure that Coors Light -- making sure that Coors Light changes its current trajectory. And as I mentioned in last quarter's call, you will see new creative very shortly and you will see an action-packed summer of execution that we're looking forward to getting on with.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. got it. Well, look, on a combined basis, Coors and Coors Banquet, that performance is much better out West. Good in the Atlantic, pretty good in Ontario, not really a factor in Québec because we don't have Banquet there yet. We are expecting to launch banquet into Québec later this year and we think that will work very, very well on the portfolio. Coors Light, I would say, if you looked across the country with the Atlantic provinces excepted, Coors Light had a number of challenges across a lot of the country and it relates to the drivers that again, I covered during last quarter.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So I'm happy to just talk to Canada briefly. Pretty much everything that you saw coming through from a price perspective was driven by price and not by mix. Mix was not much of a factor in the quarter.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So look, short answer, Mark, is I think that the underlying trend is continuing. This is an industry trend. It's underlying. And there's no data I've received coming out of April yet that would tell me anything different.
Stewart F. Glendinning: No, I didn't say that what's the share was because I actually don't have share data yet for April. What I can say is that in terms of looking at the market and what I see in the market, how customers are behaving, what people tell me, how I see our competitors performing, what I'm seeing is a benefit from Easter and when I strip out what I think I lost from Q1 and I layer it into April, what I see is really the benefit of Easter and no real change to the underlying market.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Okay. Well, I'll do my best for you, Judy, because there's quite a bit of detail in that, which we probably wouldn't go into. If I try and summarize it and hopefully, this will be helpful, in terms of our marketing spend overall, this year, we fully expect to spend at least the same as we did last year, if not more. In terms of our cost savings, we said last year in New York that we were aiming at an ongoing $40 million to $60 million per year. We're very comfortable that we're going to hit that number in our cost -- in terms of overall cost savings. I think really that's as much detail that I can give you at the moment.
Gavin D. Hattersley: Well, we don't break down our cost-to-goods-sold to the level of detail which I know you'd probably like, John. But I mean, there are any number of factors that go into that. We've obviously got the cost savings program, so a portion of that $40 million to $60 million, which Peter and I talked about earlier, does lie in the cost-of-goods-sold area and does lie obviously in Europe. You've got brand and channel mix. you've got packaging mix. I mean, there are any number of factors and decomposing any one of them, I can't do, so we'll just point you to our full year guidance.
Gavin D. Hattersley: I think you must've misheard me on -- we have kept our guidance on cost-of-goods-sold for Canada the same, at an increase of low-single digits. The guidance I changed was for Molson Coors International, which was previously increased mid-single digits and we reduced that to increase low-single digits. And that's just a function of Molson Coors International operation in many countries and it's just a shift of where we might put -- where the cost of goods sold are coming from a country and a type of business point of view. So that's the first point. On the interest, our guidance is what it is. And we haven't changed it.
Gavin D. Hattersley: There are no big changes to our cash flow guidance, again we spent $700 million plus or minus 10%. Obviously, we had working capital shifts during the year, which might also drive changes in our cash balances and in what we're drawing down on our commercial paper program.
Tom Long: Yes. So just to support Peter there, we're really executing our strategy over time. I mean we took a tiny bit of share in Premium Light 0.01 point. We took almost 200-basis-point share segment in above-premium. We took about 20 basis points in Premium Regular and we lost 140 basis points in share segment in economy. And that leads to your question about the 25-ounce can and 24-ounce can. The economy business has been challenged since the recession. And it really hasn't come back and we haven't really seen that sector come back, even though jobs are increasing and it looks like that's going to take a while for that business to come back. There's been some commentary about consumers using beer as a more affordable luxury, and perhaps that business is challenged for the longer term. There are some value plays going out there in beer. I wouldn't say the effect of pricing is any more intense than it's been historically. The moves in the on-premise were addressed at the other conference call as ABI is moving in 2 states with some on-premise pricing. That's in distributorships which they wholly own. It hasn't spread yet. And it hasn't hurt our business yet, but we continue to watch that very carefully, of course. So I would simply say that the place where the competitive dynamics are becoming more intense and rightly so is the on-premise, where there's a real highly competitive arena for tap handles which are really visible to consumers and important for our business. And that's the place where our business has gotten a little soft and needs a little focus. But I don't think the value of plays or the pricing environment in the U.S. is any different structurally than it has been in the past.
Tom Long: Well, we always look at our value equations and you've got -- as you see in C-stores, the single business continues to be a big part of that business and a growing part of that business. And it's a part where value equations play. Now there's a lot of movement between those sectors on a price point basis. I wouldn't expect us to respond in kind to a 1-ounce difference on a 25-ounce, 24-ounce can.
Tom Long: Yes. So Miller Fortune, we've gained 30 basis points of volume share and more than that in value share. Our distributors cooperated beautifully in getting that brand out there. We're pleased with it early on, although that brand is settling into the parts of the market where we have more significant repeat rates. But we're very pleased with it at this stage and we'll continue to support it. We've had good support going forward as we launched the brand and we'll have it in the second quarter as well.
Tom Long: The data that we have from our chains that are on-premise suggest that it's doing a nice job of bringing new consumers in. And our business at C-stores, from our major chains, suggest it's incremental to the beer category. I don't have the data with me that suggest it's taking from spirits in that channel but I do know about its incrementality in the C-store channel.
