Mark R. Hunter: Hey, Robert. Thanks for the question. I wasn't trying to be tantalizing. I was just trying to be very straightforward, so let me cover that. I mean, we decided as a business that we did not want to be a spectator as this new market opened up. And we clearly wanted to be a participant. We think we've got a very balanced and thoughtful approach with our partnership with HEXO to create Truss. And clearly, there are lots of numbers which are being bandied around with regard to the potential size of the cannabis market in Canada. I think, if you take an average, then it suggests that this market may be somewhere between $7 billion and $10 billion in market value, with beverages somewhere between 20% and 30%. And that's obviously nonalcoholic cannabis-infused beverages. Even if you take the low end of that estimate, then it suggests that the beverages segment could be circa $1.5 billion of value. If you look at the strength of our go-to-market in Canada, if you look at our understanding of Canadian consumers and our understanding of brand-building in Canada and the capability that we have through our partner in HEXO, we believe that we're well-placed to be ready to take a meaningful share of that segment when it's legislated for and opens up in the fall of 2019. We have our CEO in place. That team is being built. We're already in research around the portfolio and the beverages that will be offered, and we will be able to share those with you as we get into the early part of 2019. But we'll be in a ready-to-go position and one of the first on the playing field as that market opens up.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, I mean, we haven't gone into detail on that, Robert, as the capitalization of the JV is within our current capital guidance, so this is going to be a lean business that will lean on the partnership that we have with HEXO and the knowledge that we have from a route-to-market basis. Now, clearly, we'll be in start-up mode from now through to the fall of 2019, so we'll be building the business. And as we currently are doing testing around the shape of the portfolio, we'll then be into revenue generation from the fall of 2019 and then into 2020 and beyond. So, I think as that team is in place, we'll be able to share more of that detail with you as we get through the early part of 2019.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, so in terms of the MG&A benefit, Stephen, that's subject to confidential agreement. So, we can't talk in any more detail other than what we've already disclosed. And I'm afraid you'll just have to go with us on that one because of the nature of our agreement. That agreement is not with an ongoing supplier, so it doesn't affect any of our ongoing supply relationships. In terms of the cost savings, as we came through Q1 and Q2, we talked about our desire to do two things. One was to drive further cost avoidance through 2018 to counter that inflation, and also to continue to drive our cost reduction program. Cost avoidance is one-off in nature because it's basically postponement of costs from one year to the other. Cost reduction is absolute structural reduction in our business, and what we've talked through today with an increase from $600 million to $700 million is a structural reduction in the cost base of our business.
Mark R. Hunter: Steven, to be fair, I mean, I wouldn't connect the two. I mean, our STW to STR, kind of, flight path is very much in line with what we've already tried to do in the U.S., which is to ship to demand. Clearly, there's volatility because we have multiple go-lives across our brewery network. And the intention is to be through those around the middle of next year. So both Gavin and Tracey have talked about for the balance of this year we don't expect to see any further STW builds. I would disconnect that from our total deleverage plan. That's based and driven by the strength of our free cash flow. We're very clear about the debt obligations we have for pay-down in the first couple of quarters of next year. All of that's factored into the commitment that we gave from earlier this year. And I think the encouraging thing is, assuming that we hit those commitments which we intend to do, and as we get into the second half of next year and then into 2020, even with the planned dividend increase, we still then have further flexibility in terms of our cash-use approach. And that could be further deleveraged. It can be further returning cash to shareholders beyond the dividend. And it could be brand-led growth opportunities. So we get much more back to, I would describe as, business-as-usual as we get into the second half of 2019 and then into 2020.
Mark R. Hunter: Let me pick that up, Bryan. So in terms of the capitalization of the JV, all of that's already in our current cash-use forecast. And so we'll do that within our current kind of envelope of available cash. And from an OpEx perspective, then clearly there will be some start-up OpEx as we put people in place. We've announced Brett in role as the leader of that business. He's recruiting a team. This isn't going to be a massive team. It's going to be a small, lean, fit-for-purpose team that will be working on utilizing both the HEXO route to market and the Molson Coors knowledge and route to market where appropriate. So there'll be some OpEx as we build up that team, and then obviously we get into revenue generation really from the fourth quarter of next year and into 2020. So there could be a little bit of a headwind from an OpEx perspective as we build the team, and we'll manage that in the context of our total Canadian P&L.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. So, Kevin, just as a reminder, I mean, we stopped talking about short-term for weekly sales numbers because it was just proving to – to be honest, just to be a distraction. And there's always so much volatility in any four-week period, as you say, whether it's hurricanes or weather or other bits and pieces. I would remind you as well the scanner data only covers about 40% of the U.S. beer industry. So it's indicative, but it does not by any stretch of the imagination give a complete picture and that's why you quite often see a disconnect between our STRs, which are real, and scan data which is part of the marketplace. So I'd just ask you to bear that in mind, but I'm not in a position to comment on October specifically. I think with regard to your broader point, Gavin and I have been very consistent that with the aspiration that was in place since really 2015 within the U.S. business of back to flattened growth has proven to be more challenging as the industry has been softer and Coors Light performance hasn't helped. So we've been clear as we've come through this year that the aspiration to stabilize the business from a volume perspective is still strategically very important to us, but we've got to do this in a way which allows us to continue to maintain the strength of our P&L. Job number one is to improve our share performance and get back to a position where we're actually holding our share of the U.S. beer industry. And while we do that, continue to premiumize the portfolio. So those, for the foreseeable future, are the two priorities. When we tick those boxes, and particularly holding our share, then we can start to talk about a timeline for getting to flat volume. But we'll stay very focused on improving our share trajectory and premiumizing the portfolio, certainly, as we go into 2019 and probably into 2020 as well.
Mark R. Hunter: Gavin, the other thing I would add to that, I mean, let's say (1:02:21) if you go back to Q1 2017, so if you go back four or five quarters, both Coors Light and Miller Lite were performing at down kind of 1%, 1.5%, so. And that was very consistent right through 2016. The Coors Light dramatization of its positioning was changed at that point, and it hasn't had the impact that we anticipated. We were looking to actually accelerate the performance, and we've seen a deceleration. So we have to put our hands up and say that work wasn't good enough, and we think we know why, and changes are currently being made and we'll be hitting the ground running as we go into 2019 on that. But we've been there before, Pablo, and we've made it work and we believe that we can continue to make it work. And I think as the U.S. consumer continues to look for what we call active lifestyle brands, Miller Lite is the original active lifestyle brand. That's what it was built on when it was first launched, and it's been a big part of what Coors Light stands for as well. And we believe that there is a very real and significant role for these brands and consumer repertoires. But the job of our marketing team is to get the dramatization of our positioning compelling and motivating, and it's not been good enough and we have to fix it.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, so, I mean, Robert, there's a huge role for economy brands. I mean, they've got a tremendously loyal consumer base. The consumers want to see value and we think we've got great brands in this segment. And would we do the Keystone again? Of course, we would. It's been enormously successful for us and we're very pleased with its performance. And, of course, we anticipated and expected our largest competitor to react to that, and they did. And they have gained some market share in the more-recent Nielsen reads, but we're very pleased with Keystone. We're pleased with Miller High Life and our marketing will continue to focus on the quality of that beer and the glass bottle and unique heritage. Hamm's has been around for almost 150 years and that repositioning has worked well and then of course we've got the Steel Reserve Alloy Series, which provides tremendous value for our retailers and for our distributors. And we're growing quite nicely there and have fended off the competitive challenges that have come in that space. So, yes. I think I would do most of it again. Obviously, we made some missteps with Milwaukee's Best and Icehouse and we fixed those during the course of this year and we will see the benefit of that going forward into next year.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, a few questions there. I mean, obviously, that's a fairly-broad generalization, Robert. So, the answer is yes and no. In many parts of the market, it is; and in some parts of the market, it isn't. We, obviously, evaluate the impacts of our decisions on other segments of the portfolio, and I would tell you we continue to gain segment share in premium light. So, we keep a very close watch on it.
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Chad, and thanks, everybody, for your questions and your interest in our company. I thought it would be useful at this stage just to give you a couple of headlines because we've just hit the second anniversary of the close of the MillerCoors acquisition. So, it's really two years since we almost doubled the size of our company from both an EBITDA and a free cash flow perspective, and I just want to reiterate the commitments we made and the progress we're making against that. So we remain clearly very committed to deleveraging and strengthening our balance sheet, and we're making very good progress against that commitment. We're overdelivering on our synergy and cost savings commitment, and that's against a tougher inflationary environment. We remain committed to our medium-term EBITDA margin guidance, and we're committed to revisit our dividend policy once deleverage is well-underway and we have done this. And in the context of our commercial performance, we're committed to make MCI a meaningful EBITDA contributor, and we're doing this. We're committed to turn MCC, it's our Canadian business, around from a profit performance, and we're starting to see improvement stick. And we're committed to maintain the momentum in our Europe business, and we're doing this. We're also committed to improve the commercial performance of the U.S. business, and this is still work-in progress. We've seen good progress in the value segment, good progress in Miller Lite, encouraging progress with our above premium innovations, but we're still dissatisfied on Coors Light and the pace of premiumization, and I expect to see those things improve and accelerate as we go into 2019. And we also committed through our enterprise growth team to broaden the revenue growth drivers for MCBC and we're doing this through, for example, our cannabis JV with Truss and our entry into brewed beverages with, for example, Clearly Kombucha. The two years on, I'm pleased with progress of our business and I'm excited about the work we still have ahead of us. So, I thought it would be good just to kind of summarize on our second anniversary virtually of that closing the MillerCoors transaction, about the progress within our business, and really appreciate your interest in our company and look forward to the follow ups that Mark and Gavin will pick up with you through the balance of the day. But thanks everybody, and look forward to catching up with you in due course.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Not a lot I can add to that, Mark. I think you answered the question perfectly. The only thing I might add is to say that Coors Light is the second largest brand in the United States and we think it and Miller Lite (27:14) Premium Light, and certainly have no intention of giving up on Coors Light.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: I think you're reading it exactly right, Judy. We've got the shipment, inventories to where we want them to be and I wouldn't anticipate inventories growing any further in the fourth quarter.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Thanks, Mark. But I'll just add one thing to the U.S. COGS, specifically. Remember, Amit, that we under-shipped quite meaningfully in the first half of the year and we over-shipped in the third quarter to get inventories back to where they were, and so this was quite a big deleverage swing between the two. That would be the biggest driver between COGS in the first half and the third quarter in the U.S. From a pricing environment point of view, we are right in the middle of our price increase cycle, and obviously we will assess over the next month or so how those price increases hold. From a third quarter point of view, we generated 1.3% NSR per hectoliter increase, with a front-line of about 1.8% and a mix of about 60 basis points, which was negative, but sequentially improved over both the first quarter number of 90 basis points negative and the second quarter number of 80 basis points negative.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: No, not across the entire portfolio, and not across the entire country. We do it on a market-by-market, brand-by-brand basis. I would say to you though the majority of our price increases are taken in the fall though. We do have some markets that take in the spring, but most of it is in the fall.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Surely. Look, Bryan, I don't – I don't – I'm not going to put a timeline on it, right? But I will tell you we're moving quickly to stabilize the trends of Coors Light and get it back onto a solid footing and we've started that. Brand's at its best when it's laser focused on its messaging and makes it absolutely clear what makes Coors Light different than the competition. We think we focused too much on Rocky Mountain lifestyle and not enough on what makes Coors Light unique as the world's most refreshing beer. And we've just launched a new digital campaign which is going to be a push to capture the attention of the younger 21 to 34-year-old drinkers. I mean, we think we have a whole generation of drinkers that don't know about our cold activated packaging and we want to give them reasons to believe and understand that Coors Light is the world's most refreshing beer. So we're not waiting till next year. We've already started that process. I'm not going to call it victory by any manner or means, but the last two four-week reads on Coors Light has it stabilized and flat from a segment share in Premium Lights. So you're going to see a lot of work rolling out. Started a couple of weeks ago and you're going to see it continue through next year where we – where we bring this whole graphic expression to life.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Well, I mean, we're largely through it, Mark. And we do have some folks that will be with us for the next few months, but the program is largely complete. I think, Lauren, we didn't do a blanket cut across the organization. We looked at every function, and we made changes that we believed were appropriate. We've been very clear about what we want to focus on and what work we're not going to do. We tried to make sure that our commercial front-facing side of the business was limited in its impact. That doesn't mean there was no impact because there was, but it was limited in terms of how our distributors see us going to the market. I think the new structure is going to allow us to be much more disciplined. It's going to make us – it's going to allow us to make decisions much more quickly, much more nimbly going forward. As Tracey says, most of the benefit will come next year. I mean, there will be some in the fourth quarter, but most of it will come next year.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Thanks, Mark. Look, I mean, we're actually very pleased with the performance of Sol. We have only had the brand for – I mean we've had it for less than a year, and we've only been marketing behind it for six months. We've grown tremendous distribution in chain. Our chain team has done a fantastic job of building distribution, which just wasn't there before. We've got triple-digit growth in volume, and that's in the face of taking quite a substantial price increase on Sol. And revenue is growing at about 300% per Nielsen, volume is growing at about 200%. So we think we've got off to a really good start, and we think the brand's got great potential based on its provenance, its heritage, and its positioning. We brought a lot of investments and focus to the brand this year. We intend to step it up next year. We're going to have PACC extensions, and we're going to introduce the Sol (58:47). So we think the upside for this brand is strong, and we're very pleased with the start.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah, there were a lot of points in there, Mark. But let me just try and give it a quick bash, right? So from a marketing point of view, we do have two separate teams. There's a Coors family of brand team, and a Miller family of brand team. We put a substantial amount of marketing and sales money behind both of those brands. And Mark, gave you some kind of insights into the third quarter numbers. So both of those brands get large investment. We have found where brand propositions are sharp and they're differentiated, they succeed. And I think you can say that Miller Lite has clearly succeeded in that. And where some of our brands have struggled, you'll see that the brand propositions are either soft or they're not communicated well. And we think that that's the challenge that Coors Light has faced. There's no doubt that the American light lagers are facing a number of different challenges, but frankly, Pablo, the American consumer, it still represents more than 40% of beer sold in the United States. And that percentage doesn't even include other satiable (1:01:56) lagers like the Mexican imports that are similar in style. So we think that there's a lot of volume out there for us. We think by sharpening up and focusing on Coors Light, that we can turn this brand around and perform at the same level as Miller Lite, if not better. And that's our job, and that's what we're focused on.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: From an industry point of view, Brett, obviously we saw continued share growth in above premium, and that was led by super premium imports and FMBs with sparkling seltzers, in particular seeing the greatest acceleration in share growth, and that's behind the whole hard seltzer category. Craft share held pretty flat to the second quarter, and as you know, it's been declining for – or its growth has been declining for quite some time. And the industry premium large and economy segments, those losses accelerated compared to the previous quarter. And premium regular remained fairly similar. So from an overall perspective, that's where the industry is, and I think Mark touched quite nicely on the strong offerings which we have got to tackle those challenges. I think the only one you didn't mention, Mark, was Peroni, which is the fastest growing European import at the moment. And we're going to invest meaningfully behind that brand next year with its first national advertising campaign.
Tracey I. Joubert: Yeah, Amit. So, just in terms of revenue, I'd just also let you know that there is a table in our filings with more detail, if you do want to just refer to that as well. It is laid out quite nicely. In terms of the reversal, so as we said in Q1 and Q2, our STWs were under the STRs for a number of reasons including the issues that we were facing with the Golden go live. The majority of that has now reversed in Q3. We did say that we thought it would reverse in the back half, but it has reversed in Q3 and to Gavin's earlier point, the inventory levels are now at a satisfactory level. We don't expect to build any further inventory in the fourth quarter. So, hopefully that's helpful.
Tracey I. Joubert: Yeah, so, Andrea, hi. Just in terms of your comment around the positive surprise, so it actually wasn't a surprise. I mean, this was planned and as we hit it into this year and continued to see the inflationary environment that we were facing, particularly around aluminum and freight, it was necessary for us to accelerate some cost savings, as well as action more cost savings to mitigate against that inflation and also make sure that we are protecting the investment behind our brand. So the majority of the incremental $100 million is coming from the U.S. restructuring, which we made public in the last quarter. And, again, the majority of that, because that restructuring has just taken place and is still taking place, the majority of that cost savings of $100 million incremental will take place in 2019, but we're not giving specific guidance for 2018. But based on the timing of the restructure, you can build the majority of that for next year.
Tracey I. Joubert: So, I mean, when we talk about cost avoidance, as Mark said earlier, it's really a one-time benefit. So, the types of things that go into cost avoidance would be, for example, if we got any vacancies in the business, we just don't fill those for a while or we may cut back on certain travel, et cetera, but we don't specifically call that out in any of the guidance that we give. And in terms of 2019, as Mark said, we'll update you with that on our Q4 call early in 2019.
Tracey I. Joubert: Yeah, what I would add is, and I think we state this cost savings is just a way of life at Molson Coors. We continue to look for efficiencies. Part of our cost savings programs that we have spoken about for 2019 as well, includes items such as IT consolidation as well as our global business services center in Romania and the regional one that we have opened in Milwaukee. So that will continue to generate cost savings. And as we ramp up those initiatives, we'll just continue to look at effectiveness and efficiencies of all of our G&A areas.
