Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. So in the U.S., we will continue to drive the above-premium part of our portfolio through the Redd's, Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's franchises. High-end innovations for early next year will include Miller Fortune and Smith & Forge Cider. In Premium Lights, we will have fresh advertising copy and packaging for Coors Light and we'll introduce the original Miller Lite can for a limited time. In Canada, we are pleased to see the return of the National Hockey League. Nonetheless, we are not seeing last year's lost volume return and we anticipate that Canada volume and profit trends in the fourth quarter will continue to face significant macroeconomic and promotional challenges. We will also be cycling substantial MG&A expense reductions, including much lower NHL sponsorship and promotion costs during the lockout last year. In Europe, our portfolio and innovations are achieving their best market share performances in years in the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Croatia. Nonetheless, the positive summer weather in the U.K. is behind us and the region continues to be challenged by a weak economy and demand volatility, especially in Serbia, Romania and Bulgaria. While we expect difficult conditions to continue in the fourth quarter, we will remain focused on driving our core brands, above-premium and innovation. And as a result, we expect higher Europe MG&A expenses in the fourth quarter. Our International business continues to focus on growth driven by Coors Light, Carling, Staropramen and Blue Moon. By year end, we plan to launch our partnership with Coca-Cola Amatil and introduce some of our signature brands into the Australia market. In the fourth quarter, we expect higher international G&A expense due to the reversal of the third quarter overhead timing benefit and the Australia launch. And finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the fourth quarter. In the U.S., for the first 4 weeks ended October 26, STRs declined low single-digits. In Canada, our sales to retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter increased on a low single-digit rate. In Europe, our sales volume decreased at a low single-digit rate for the first month of the quarter. And in the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our international sales volume, including royalty volume, decreased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, in the third quarter, we grew underlying after-tax earnings nearly 8%, expanded margins, grew underlying EBITDA and free cash flow and reduced our net debt. We continue to see weak consumer demand and shifts in consumer preferences that will impact our business for some time. In this environment, we will accelerate our commitment to transformational efforts to grow our brands and make Molson Coors more competitive and to drive total shareholder return going forward. Now, before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. My prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Jay, we'd like to open it for questions, please.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. Taking it at sort of headline level, Judy, if you look at the overall position in Canada, we've gained market share in the value segment and that's been an issue for us over quite a long period of time. We're gaining market share in above-premium segments, and we've got a very strong innovation program coming through. So we're pleased with that. The issue really has been in our core brands. And within that, Canadian has performed very well and Coors Light has been a disappointment, specifically in the quarter. Some of that is down to very difficult comps, but also there's work we need to do in investing behind the brand. We're very clear what we need to do about that. Additionally, our cost base is something that we do need to address but we're confident we will do that. And we've tried to signal in the script that we're starting work on that. That, obviously, will be a multiyear program, but we do believe there's work we can do that will help our net profit percentage, as well. So that's how we're viewing the overall business. But the overlying issue -- the overlaying issue, I'm sorry, is that the weak -- consumer demand has been weak and that has not helped us.
Peter S. Swinburn: Certainly, Ian. We gained share in the United Kingdom, the Czech Republic, Bulgaria and Croatia, and our market share trends in Romania include in the quarter.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I'm on thin ice when it comes to accounting rules. So I'll pass that over to Gavin if that's okay, Ian.
Peter S. Swinburn: As with our U.S. business, we feel that we would like to see a majority of any cost savings reinvested back into our business. But in all honesty, until [ph] Know exactly what that looks like, it's difficult to give you any more precision.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I mean, obviously, the biggest change that we've had to accommodate, Bryan, has been the inclusion of the Central European business, and the combination of that with the U.K. And as we said in previous calls, the integration of that has gone exceptionally well. We made the call to integrate the whole of Europe earlier than we would otherwise have chosen to do because the integration have gone so well. So we're very pleased with that. It's still work that's ongoing. But we're establishing a very firm platform across Central Europe. Part of what we can and can't do, from an organizational point of view, does rely on the comment I made in the script about our ability to standardize our operations. And so, we do really need to get all of our platforms -- sorry, the organization on one platform so that we have the flexibility to decide what we want to do organizationally. So I think that's job one, we're well on track for that. We're probably not going to complete it until the middle of 2015 but we'll -- we can make decisions in advance. Generally, above and beyond that, to be honest with you, the view that I take on an organizational structure is it's a constantly moving feast and you always have to review it, make sure it's fit for purpose and also reflects what the requirements of the external world are. And at the moment, as we said, the external world in our market's not necessarily doing it any favors. So we constantly have to look at how we can make sure our organization structure is as efficient and as lean as possible.
Peter S. Swinburn: I think what I was trying to say was that it's really of little value to give you an overall capacity figure for the whole of Canada, that you have to look at the capacity of breweries within provinces and then you make decisions about those specific breweries within those provinces.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Jay, and thank you, everybody, for joining us this morning/afternoon, wherever you are in the world. We look forward to speaking to you again when we announce our fourth quarter results. Thank you.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. Judy, we -- look, the fourth quarter -- I mean, sorry, the third quarter is heavily, heavily influenced by the performance of Coors Light. We didn't see the same kind of performance we saw last year. Last year was particularly strong for Coors Light, with Coors Light Iced T launched, a lot of news around the brand but we saw a lot less news in this year, that will change in the future. Relative to Q4 and our comments, there are really 3 things to note. Well, first of all, hockey is back. It's a valuable property for us and it's working well for the activation of our brands. But if you look at the overall trends year-to-date, they've been worse than what we expected. And so while we expect Q4 to be better than the year-to-date trend because of the year-over-year comps that you mentioned, the underlying market weakness will still influence the overall result. But more importantly, in Q2, we noticed -- we noted in our release that we had a significant marketing phasing benefit, now, which we expected to reverse in the back half, and you're now going to see that coming through in Q4. So that's how I put the pieces together. Your last piece of your question was what's the competitive environment look like. And the market remains very competitive. I would say that specifically from a pricing perspective, we have seen an environment with strong pressure to keep prices lower and with a more heavily promoted packaging mix.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, sure. So Mark, on your question around volume, the Corona volume, which is not in our financial volume but which is our STM's -- in our STRs rather, is in low single digits, that's best guidance for that number. Relative to profit, if you look back at historic filings, we have had about $12 million to $15 million a year of pretax equity income coming through and then about $5 million to $7 million a year of various administrative cost recoveries. And then, there's about $3 million to $5 million of variable cost reimbursements. I think what's important to know here is that the way that the deal's been structured, we've effectively been paid for the profits that we would have received between now and the natural expiration of the contract. And so the profits, obviously, which we've come out of our P&L, will be in the bank early next year. Relative to some of the costs, some of those costs just disappear along with Modelo.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I mean, those are the component markets I shared. The reason I explained them separately, the $12 million to $15 million is something that won't repeat. The $5 million to $7 million is cost reimbursement against some of our cost, some of which are direct and the variable costs we wouldn't continue to have. So that's why I framed them up in those 3 buckets so that you can model them. All of that comes through -- the equity income, rather, comes through in the COGS line. So you'll have to make your models adjustment to COGS to reflect that. The other ones come through in their natural expense lines.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Sorry, yes. Fourth quarter, yes. So we've given you guidance for the full year as mid-single digits. And if you look at this quarter, we got 1.4%. So I get the reason for your question, but actually, if you look at the first half of the year, we had roughly a 6% cost. So, I mean, between those 3 numbers and given our guidance for the full year, I think you can sort of interpolate what the fourth quarter will look like.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, we said it's mid-single digits for the full year. So given the year-to-date and the full year, I'm sure you can calculate what the fourth quarter is. So on packaging, this is just sort of finger-pointing about whose more aggressive. I think there are always promotions across the country. And at some point, somebody advertises the package. As to the specifics, I will just tell you. So I'm not going to get into who drove what because I think there's no answer to that. I can tell you that when you look across the country, the West, there's less promotional pressure in the West, pricing, in general. Although, what you're seeing in the West, you're seeing a dynamic where value is continuing to grow because of the split between value pricing and premium. The place where we're seeing most of the pressure is in Québec, and there is a good deal of pricing actually across a broad range of brews in that market, you need only look at the offers that are in the market. In Ontario, we've seen less price promotion and more in case offers. So that's probably a cantor across the big markets of the country.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. I'm not sure there's anything extra to offer other than maybe 2 things. First of all, on the cost reduction side, I mean, to Peter's point, we have an active project underway to consider all those options. With respect to Miller, we are continuing to support the brand and to do a good job of that. And until we hear otherwise, that's going to continue to be our brand. With respect to Corona, we've been paid for that. So I'd say all around, we feel pretty good about the direction we're going.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to do that Bryan. If you looked at the quarter, I mean, we were pleased to see that we sold about 1.2% of positive pricing but that was offset by a 1.5% of negative mix.
Stewart F. Glendinning: I think that pricing has been driving the market share. If I look at the places where we've lost volume, I mean, we're losing volume most mostly to the smaller brews which are playing in 2 places. One, in value, where they've been competing and pushing very hard on value. And so we've seen aggressive pricing there. And the other is on craft. And I think, on craft, we've been doing a really good job but the size of our craft portfolio relative to the rest of our total portfolio is much smaller. So we have to gain at a faster rate in order to make up the volume loss.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. Look, we don't actually share the specifics of our capacity utilization, Robert. But suffice to say that we have -- we do have some excess capacity and that is forming part of our plan to understand how to reduce our overall costs. As Peter said, when you look at your supply base and your supply -- well, the footprint, that is -- that does end up being a multiyear project. We fully expect it. But there are opportunities to take advantage of that.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, first of all, I don't think we've seen a dramatic inflection. I think this -- we've seen some pressure in this market over a number of years and we're working to change that. So what are the things that are changing? Well, first we've seen a dramatic improvement in the performance of Canadian and we're very pleased about that. We've now started to gain share in value and we're pleased about that. We're gaining share in above premium as we press harder with our brands there. As I mentioned, we under-indexed this so we have to accelerate growth even further to replace lost volume in premium. And on the import side, we've had flat share. So the issue comes back to Coors Light and a couple of the tail brands. I mean, we've got -- we have a clear understanding of what the drivers are, there is some promotional mechanics that we'll need to be prepared to answer there. But against the brand itself, we need more news. Now, we'll expect to see that with more promotion around the vented can. We're already seeing a lot of excitement and strong performance from the rollout of Coors Banquet, and I expect that to continue next year and that will help the overall trademark. So I suppose I'm in a place that is fairly positive in terms of understanding what the drivers are and having a plan to address that on an ongoing basis.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. I mean, I think, so to Peter's point, we do expect to invest savings back into the company. Having said that, we'll take that on a brand-by-brand basis. What I do think is that if I look at the current copy of Coors Light, it's done a good job of sort of bringing to life cold. It perhaps hasn't done as good a job around refreshment. And I think you'll see us address that in our new copy next year.
