Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning. Yes. Look, to your first question, I mean, I personally thought that was quite a self-serving statement from German. And I guess what you would expect to hear from the leader of the business has only got about 10% of their portfolio in beer. I also thought it was that they would make on the same call a comment that truly was losing share to premium lights, which is obviously beer. Look, I mean, beer has been around for 1,000 years, Kevin. It's the most popular alcohol beverage in the world. In fact, outside of water and tea beer is the third most popular beverage of any kind in the whole world. So I don't think it's going anywhere. And our results over the past few years would suggest as much. If you go back a few years, people were we're speculating the light beer was dead because of Celsis and I could show you the headlines of all those comments. And I don't think you hear a lot about that anymore today. In fact, you hear quite the opposite. So it's -- from our perspective, Coors Light, Miller Lite are growing NSR. Miller Lite just grew volume in Q3. So are we going to find a way to leverage our competitive strengths and take advantage of growth opportunities beyond beer? Absolutely, we are. But make no mistake, Kevin. Beer is always going to be the hot beat of our business, and beer, I think, is always going to be a favorite of consumers as the moderate choice of alcohol compared with hard liquor. So yes, that's my comments on Jim's comments. As far as the adjustments we're making to our business, look, our revitalization plan we launched 3 years ago focused in on our core brands, growing our above premium brands and building capabilities in our business and driving beyond beer. And I think we've made tremendous progress against those. I think during that time, we have shown that we are nimble and we can make adjustments when we need to make them. I'd point to the most high profile adjustment we made was back when the pandemic hit at our marketing department almost overnight changed their campaigns of both Miller Lite and Coors LIght and shifted our media into the digital space where the consumer was and no longer necessarily on the traditional side. And make no mistake, we'll make adjustments where we think we need to make them in Europe. It's interesting, though, that there's a bifurcation in Europe. Western Europe is just continuing as they were. Consumer demand is holding up strongly. We've also put in strong price increases in Western Europe, particularly the U.K. And so far, we're not seeing any negative price elasticity because of that. The challenge we've had has come in Central and Eastern Europe, where the consumers got less headwind or head space from a disposable income point of view, and energy costs, certainly and inflation are impacting those markets in a more meaningful way. Notwithstanding that, as you saw, we grew our marketing spend in APAC in the third quarter, putting money behind our new innovation of Madri and some of our sort of our brands in local markets in EMEA, APAC. So I think we'll continue to make the right decisions behind our brands that we need to keep the momentum that we've got right now, Kevin.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean it's -- if you look at pricing, we obviously took a fairly meaningful price increase in the spring of this year. It was higher than our normal average. So 3% to 5% in the spring. And then we put a pretty similar price increase through in the fall. So it's a little soon to determine the impact of the second price increase, which we put into the marketplace. I mean, in some instances, we're actually still putting price there. Some of it went to back end of September, some in October, and we've got some going in November. So there isn't a data to show what that price increase is -- has done to the consumer or will do. The price increase that we took in the spring, the price elasticities were not as elastic as they have been historically. I think the consumer has been quite resilient to the price increases we've put into the market, given that they're actually quite substantially lower than many other fast-moving goods that consumers have been exposed to. So same effect we've had in Canada and the same effect that we've had in U.K. It's only really EMEA APAC, Central Eastern Europe business, where I think the sort of head space and disposable income hasn't proven to be as strong as the rest of our businesses. As far as... sorry, Robert? .
Gavin Hattersley: We've actually taken different price increases by market, Robert. So in some Central and Eastern European markets, we've taken double digits in in the United Kingdom, not as much as that. The United Kingdom price increases are closer to what we've done in the U.S., again, by brand, by country. If you then look at the first
Gavin Hattersley: We don't follow the same pricing calendar in the United Kingdom as we do in the U.S. If my memory serves me, we have taken more than 1 price increase though, but it's not the same timing as the U.S. Now you're up to four questions, Robert. So I'm going to answer your question quickly and then move on to someone else. But from October -- from an October point of view. Look, it's too soon to tell what the impact is, right? Because there was load-in from some of our price increases in late September. And surely, that is impacted in the first couple of weeks of October, just as every price increase has a load. In many of our markets, that sell-through has now taken place, and we've reverted back to trends that existed before. But in other markets, the sell-through is still taking place. So I think we'll get a good assessment of it, obviously, in the next few weeks. Just remember also that in October of last year, that was really where we recovered our inventory levels following the cybersecurity attack. If you remember, we spent the whole of the second and third quarters playing catch up and just keeping our head about water from a shipments point of view. And we really did recover shipments in the fourth quarter of last year. We exited the third quarter this year with our inventories in a really good place. And so that will be sort of negative headwind, so to speak, for the fourth quarter as we do plan to ship to full year consumption.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Chris, my comment related to the U.S. So the U.S. inventory, I would say, with a few minor exceptions with some SKUs is where we want it to be. It was -- we had got it to a really good place at the end of the third quarter. And if you remember last year, in the U.S., we were still rebuilding our inventories following the cybersecurity attack all the way through the fourth quarter. So yes, headwind from a shipments point of view in the U.S. In Quebec, we are still recovering from that, right? It just does take time for us to get our inventories back to the level that we want to have them at. We had a 12-week strike essentially, and it's taking time to get back to where we need it to be. So that would still be a relative tailwind in the fourth quarter from a Quebec point of view.
Gavin Hattersley: Chris. Look, I'll take them by each of our revitalization plan strategies, right? So our core brands, strengthening our core brands, we're seeing that globally. If you just look at the United States, Coors Light, Miller Lite continuing their share trend improvement, Miller Lite holding share for the second consecutive quarter. Coors Light, Miller Lite gaining more than 100 points of premium light space, and they're both growing dollar sales. Coos Light is up mid-single digits in NSR, Miller Lite was up double digits. So we we're obviously going to continue to push both of those brands in the U.S. They're in really good shape from a brand health point of view and reacting really well to the differentiated marketing components that we've got behind them. You're seeing the same impact in Canada. We've got Coors Light that's strengthening, Miller Lite that's growing double digits and Molson, Canadian even starting to show performance trend improvements. And in the U.K., Carling is doing well. Ozujsko is doing well in Croatia. So we feel that our core brand portfolio is in good shape, reacting really well to our marketing and our marketing investments, and we're going to continue to push that. So from an above premium point of view, I don't believe we've had a target we specifically put out there from a share of our portfolio point of view, but we had another record share of our portfolio for above premium. And then obviously, we want to continue to drive that. We've had some extremely successful innovations in both our North America business unit which Simply Spiked and with Topo Chico. And also in our EMEA, APAC business unit, where Madri is shaping up to be the best innovation that, that market is has ever launched, continuing to grow share at a rapid pace. On top of that Blue Moon, Blue Moon LightSky, I mean Blue Moon is the number one craft brand, Blue Moon LightSky is the number one light craft brand. Peroni is growing very strongly in the double digits. And so we would expect our above premium portfolio to continue to grow from strength to strength. And then from an economy point of view, not really a player in our EMEA, APAC business unit, more relevant in the U.S. And there, I think it's safe to say that we are now through the screw rationalization process in the fourth quarter. Certainly, there were no more shipment comparisons that we're going up against. And I'm sure there were a few laggards from a sales to retail point of view. But by and large, we are through that. And our focus on our four core economy brands, is pretty beneficial, right, both from a marketing point of view, a sales point of view and a distributor point of view. So -- as I said in our prepared remarks, Chris, I think our brands and our portfolio is really well positioned to take advantage of whatever happens. I mean right now, we're not seeing trade down in our U.S. market, albeit premiumization has slowed down, but we're not seeing trade down. If it happens, we've got the ideal portfolio for that. We've always said that all segments matter, and we've got brands that are now strong and ready to take advantage of that. Tracey, you [Indiscernible]
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, from a price increase point of view, as I said, we don't have any data at this point in time to suggest anything around our price increase that we took in the fall. We do, on the price increase we took in the spring, which was pretty much double what we normally have taken in a year for a fairly long period of time, probably the last decade, the price elasticities were less than what we would have historically expected. So the price increase that we put in the market was -- seem to have been well received by consumers. Certainly, the retailers understand the cost pressures that we're facing and we're supportive. So I would say too soon to have any perspective on the recent price increase. As I said, we're still actually putting some price increases into the market in some states. In some states, we put it in early October, some in mid-October. And there's always a loading that takes place, and there's always a bit of a payback after that. When you couple that with the fact that we were still building inventories heavily in Q4 of last year, and we don't have to do that this year because our inventories are in a really good shape. Our stocks are as low as they've been for quite some time with only some very, very few SKUs where we have issues. I think we're in good shape from that perspective. But again, I'm reiterating that, that is a headwind in our U.S. market in the fourth quarter.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Look, I'll take that one. Let me just go back again to the drivers of why we're confident on our guidance for the fourth quarter and obviously the full year. And just to be clear, yes, your math is correct, right? It does imply income before income tax growth of around 40% to 60%, and we as we said on the call, traction the call, we expect to be at the lower end of that. If you look at the top line, a number of positive tailwinds for us in the fourth quarter. We've got the strong pricing in the U.S., Canada and the United Kingdom. As I said in Q4, when you combine that with the pricing that we put in earlier in the year, we're looking at around a 10% price increase per hectoliter in Q4. We're comping Omicron in the prior year of Q4, which, if you remember, had a really big impact in the U.K. and Canada. We lost the Christmas holidays in Canada -- sorry, in the U.K., that's a big selling occasion for the U.K. market. We're not expecting that. And frankly, because of all the impacts that we had last year, we only made $5 million in the EMEA, APAC business unit last year. So it doesn't take much of a move to produce meaningful profit increased percentages in our EMEA, APAC business. We're also looking at the World Cup, as I said, in November. It's a really big beer drinking occasion, particularly in the U.K. and it's never been this late before. And as you rightly point out, in Q4, we fully lap the economy SKU rationalization. Partially offsetting this, as I said, is the weakened demand that we're seeing in Central and Eastern Europe and the shipment comp that we've got coming through in the U.S. business in the fourth quarter of last year. And then a positive tailwind again is our Quebec business as we rebuild our inventory levels in Quebec, Canada. From a COGS point of view, that's a headwind for us. There's no question about that. It's a headwind for everybody, and we're not immune from that. Tracy has talked about that. We do expect savings under our cost savings program to come through in the fourth quarter. If I remember correctly, it was actually weighted towards the fourth quarter of this year. Tracey has talked about the lower depreciation. And yes, we are expecting marketing to be down year-over-year. We've said that from the beginning of the year, right, that we were phasing our marketing into the first half of the year and less so in the second half of the year. So that is also a positive. And then we've got a positive mix coming through, right? And we've got a nice positive mix coming through from a from our above premiumization strategy across the world, not just in the United States. So that's what gives us confidence to keep our guidance at the levels that we have.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, I mean, as I said, if you look at the U.K., market demand has been resilient. The consumer is holding up, and we haven't seen any change in that post the end of the quarter. Certainly, we have started to see a tightening in the Central Eastern Europe market. As I said, the hedge space from a disposable income point of view is a lot tighter in Central and Eastern Europe and the impact of energy and inflation has been a lot stronger in our Central and Eastern European markets. So we certainly have seen a softening in demand from our Central European business, but in the U.K., the consumer has remained resilient.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I would say two things, right? From a -- what changed to drive us to the lower end would be consumer demand in our Central and Eastern European businesses plus some slightly higher cost of goods sold in those markets for unhedged areas. And that would apply probably across the board, but more meaningfully in our Central and Eastern European business. As far as pricing is concerned, look, Nadine, I think it's a little too soon to tell, right? We've just put in historic price increases in 2022 of almost 10%, as I said, and we need to let that play out a little bit, right? We don't have any data for our latest price increase showing what, if any, impact it's had on the consumer from a price elasticity point of view. And so we've got several months to make that decision on how much or if at all, we need to put a price increase into the marketplace. Certainly, the benefits of the 10% we've just put in this year will flow through into next year from a positive point of view, not only in the U.S. but also the price increases we put in Canada, U.K. and Central and Eastern Europe.
Gavin Hattersley: Remember, our guidance, Kaumil, is in constant currency, right? So we eliminate the impact of foreign exchange flow-throughs in our guidance. So it's a constant currency basis.
Gavin Hattersley: Remember, our guidance was $750 million, plus or minus, right? So we have been running at the lower end of that for the 9 months, Kaumil. So yes, there's not a $50 million benefit in the fourth quarter. That is for sure.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean, our approach to marketing, Kaumil, is constantly to optimize our media spend to reach drinkers with the right brands at the right moment, with the right level of investments. And we are agile, and we do pivot to drive the best possible return that we can get in the marketplace. Obviously, the World Cup is less of a thing, so to speak, in our North American business. But having said that, it's a big deal with our Latino consumer. And that's why we're going to have a very significant presence in the World Cup with the Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. We're going to be advertising on 50 games, on Spanish language TV and we're actually really excited about that opportunity given that Topo Chico has got less than less than half of the awareness of White Claw, but over indexes with Latino consumers who are under indexed in the seller space. So this is a perfect opportunity for us to bring Topo Chico to life through the World Cup and we'll be on the big games, Mexico, U.S. and so on that really resonate with our Latino consumers. In the U.K. and in some of the other markets where soccer is a big deal, we will certainly be putting more money behind our brands. Carling is a fine example. Carling will play very well during the World Cup, given us market share in the on-premise and how World Cup soccer has traditionally driven people into the on-premise outlets. So we will be supporting our brands, particularly where soccer makes a big difference, which is in our APAC business.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, we see these two brands operating in quite different places, right? So Topo Chico is way more in the seltzer space and simply is in the flavored malt beverage space, right, the fuller flavored area. So let's just take those two separately. Simply Spiked has been an incredible success so far. It's the number one new item in total [indiscernible] since launch. We only launched it halfway through the year. So we've got a full 6 months next year of no compass at all. And then we've got a full 6 months, frankly, where we -- not a full 6 months. It's the biggest selling season for Simply where we were severely constrained from a supply point of view because this brand just blew our socks off from a volume point of view. So in terms of compass, we -- we've got a lot of tailwind behind Simply Spiked next year. We've got the production to handle it. We in-source it into Fort Worth much quicker than we were originally thinking we were going to do. And we're certainly going to innovate with Simply Spiked as well. I mean, simply, the non-ALC version is the number one chilled juice brand in the United States. It's founded one out of every two American households and as we look to the future, we can tap into the simply non-op portfolio for ideas and how we're going to take innovation forward with Simply. So yes, strong, strong potential for this brand next year, and we have the production and the distribution gains to do that. And you're right. It was the number one flavored malt beverage this summer across many of our top rate. Topo Chico is slightly different, right? But just as impressive performance from our perspective. I mean, in -- from a Topo Chico in its first year of national distribution. It's growing more dollar share than any other Seltzer brand in the last 52 weeks. Molson Coors as a whole with Topo Chico and buys got the fastest growing Hard Seltzer portfolio of any brand in our competitor set. Obviously, Topo Chico drives a large part of that. But we've just scratched the surface with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. As I said, it's only got half the awareness of White Claw. It's got strong momentum and performance across the country, not only in its expansion markets like Michigan and Wisconsin and North Carolina, but also in its original markets of Texas and California. It's bringing new drinkers into the category. We over-index significantly with the Latino consumer who has typically under-indexed from a Seltzer point of view. And we've got lots of innovation planned around Topo Chico. We launched Ranch Water in January. We had Topo Chico Margarita that we launched in April, and we've got Topo Chico Spirit that's coming next year. So overall, in two very different spaces, we think we've got some really exciting innovation that's got a lot of run rate, a lot of tailwind behind it.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Brett. Look, I mean, you're right. We've got fantastic momentum behind Miller Lite right now. It grew NSR in 2021. It's growing NSR year-to-date in 2022. And we continue to believe that Miller Lite's brand positioning as the beer for people who just love the taste of a great beer is resonating really, really well. It's come to life across all of Miller Lite's marketing from new localization spots that resonate around football. We've got the competitive spots that, that show middle like superior taste compared to other light beers and one of which you mentioned in your question. So our marketing effectiveness for this brand has meaningfully increased over the summer period to June to August. We've got strong feature and display growth through the football season. And that's paying off with our largest chain retailers with one of our largest chains midlines now the number four brand for total beer sales and the number one most displayed brand. So we've increased its media investment, and it's become the major sponsor of ESP and Fantasy, and it's taking share from many of its competitors, including Mich Ultra and Bud Light to name to.
Tracey Joubert: So Chris, from what I just say from a COGS point of view is we expect to had our margins continue to be impacted by inflationary pressures, particularly in EMEA and APAC. And then also, we are exposed to other costs that can't be hedged. So again, we're comfortable with our hedge coverage level for the balance of 2022 and into 2023. But there are costs that can be material contributors to our COGS, such as freight that we can't hedge material conversion costs I mentioned. And then our third-party co-manufacturing costs, which also cannot be hedged. So that's from the COGS side.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. On the D&A, that run rate is reasonable, again, depending on ForEx. There's nothing that we have pulled back on. Really a lot is about timing. And as I said, we expect our CapEx spend to sort of equate to the sort of pre-pandemic levels and nothing has changed from that.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. And I think -- thanks. So I think one of the important things around our hedging program is it really is there to help us smooth some of the volatility as we see in the commodity price fluctuation. So we've said that we're comfortable with the coverage level for the balance of the year and in 2023. And the way that we hedge is it's not programmatic so it does allow us to be opportunistic. And then typically, we have the highest hedges in year 1 and then less in year 2 and less in year 3. So again, it's a tight program. We operate within guardrails, but it's really to smooth the commodity price fluctuations.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So just remember, the $50 million reduction is for the full year. So it has been running lower for the first 9 months of the year. So I don't expect like if the full $50 million in Q4.
