Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. In the U.S., our net revenue per hectoliter growth remained solid, but volume has been challenged. We will continue to put emphasis on growing the above-premium part of our portfolio while addressing the Premium Light volume declines. In respect of above-premium, we are pleased with the contribution from Redd's Apple Ale on top of that achieved by Leinenkugel Summer Shandy and Blue Moon. We plan to introduce Redd's Strawberry Ale in the fall. In Canada, the second quarter results benefited from lower marketing sales spending, which we expect to reverse in the second half. Molson Canadian has performed well on the back of a very well-received Canadian passport creator. And we have some work to do on Coors Light. Meanwhile, in above-premium, we are expanding the reach of Six Pints and continue to see good growth from the Rickard's brand family. In Europe, despite expected industry softness, we will be increasing our MG&A spending against a strong brand and innovation program. Carling Cider in the U.K. is now benefiting from heavyweight marketing support. Carling Zest is growing strongly, and Carling Coolers are being tested by an exclusive launch in Asda-Walmart, building on the success of beer mixes in Central Europe. In Hungary, we have extended our Borsodi brand with the introduction of Borsodi Super Dry. In the Czech Republic, we are establishing a new non-alcohol category via the launch of Brewers Lemonade. Alongside the innovation agenda, we have also expanded the existing portfolio with the introduction of Carling into Croatia and Molson Canadian into Ireland, both of which are performing well. Our International business continues to focus on growth behind a solid portfolio of Coors Light, Carling and Staropramen. In the second half of 2013, our International business will include the negative impact of transferring our Carling travel and export businesses to the Europe segment, as well as no longer cycling losses in the China joint venture. As we stated during our Investor Day in June, we continue to expect our International business to achieve profitability in 2016 while continuing -- or contributing to the top line growth of the overall business. And finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In the U.S. for the 4 weeks ending July 27, STRs increased low single-digits driven by improved Premium Light trends, which were due in part to the timing of the July 4 holiday load-in, which shifted some volume from June to July. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter decreased at a low single-digit rate. In Europe, our sales volume increased at a low single-digit rate in the first month of the quarter. And in the 4 -- first 4 weeks of the quarter, our International sales volume, including royalty volume, decreased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. To summarize our discussion today, in the second quarter our company delivered double-digit underlying earnings growth driven by earnings accretion from the Central Europe acquisition and improved financial performance in our Europe and International businesses, along with a lower tax rate. We are also generating strong underlying EBITDA and free cash flow, and reduced our net debt by $373 million in the quarter. We delivered these results despite weak consumer demand across all of our markets. As we discussed 2 months ago during our New York Investor Day, we are focused on the drivers that matter in our business: driving strong core brand performance, leveraging our value-added innovation pipelines, increasing our share of the above-premium market, capturing significant sustainable cost savings and allocating cash by our disciplined tax-centered process that builds long-term shareholder value. In the remainder of the year, we expect consumer demand to remain weak. Despite this, we plan to increase our marketing investment behind our core brands and innovation in order to drive long-term returns for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Tracy, we would like to open it up for questions.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. I think simplistically, I mean, we just have a difference in year-over-year timing of spend in the first half, and we expect that to rectify itself. A lot of this is driven by introduction of brands and what we want to do with our core brands as well. I think the best thing I can do, to be honest with you, is to steer you towards Gavin's guidance on MG&A expense, which he's given. And so I think that's going to be as good as anything, to be honest with you.
Peter S. Swinburn: And Judy, I don't know whether it helps or not, but the prime metric that we measure ourselves against as a management team is the PACC metric.
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it's not. The China piece, the deconsolidation, we had the benefit in the first half, we won't get the benefit in the second half. The China reduction in spend of marketing actually started in the fourth quarter of last year, so you would get 1 quarter benefit of that, and the rest you can assume will continue.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Tracy, and thank you, everybody, for joining us today. We look forward to speaking to you again at the end of our third quarter. Thank you.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, happy to do that, Peter. I mean, look, I think if you looked at the beer industry, June was an appalling month in beer volumes, and broader alcohol was -- other wines and spirits were more or less flat, but beer itself was down across the country, and that was primarily driven by a weakness in weather. If you just looked at our volumes, we were off for the year, if you look at industry number we use, we're off by about 100,000 hectoliters for the year, about 1/2 of that was Coors Light Iced T. So hopefully, that gives you a little perspective.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So value segment, how did value segment operate for us, value is a place where actually historically we've underperformed. I'd say, as I looked at the second quarter, I'm pleased to say we grew share of value. Value itself was flat, but our share of the segment grew.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. So first, on value, because value was close to flat, value did gain share of beer in total, and we gained a share of value. With respect to NSR, so break it into 2 pieces. On a net price basis, we were positive by almost 1%. Across the country, we saw a pricing pressure in Atlantic and Québec, primarily very competitive markets, continue to be that -- to see pricing pressure about through the end of the quarter. I can comment on that piece. What -- I think if you then looked at the remaining impacts, you'll find there were really several impacts. First of all, we saw a loss of premium overall, so there was a segment impact on the market. The second one was, as mentioned already, we saw stronger value performance at value having lower NSR, so that mix resulted in lower NSR. We saw a shift to some of our larger packs. And then, of course, we saw lower volumes in Ontario, and the combination of those drove the balance of the NSR negative.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, I think if you looked at -- yes, certainly, I think if you looked at the difference between the volumes that were our fiscal volumes versus our industry volumes, you'll see a bigger spread there. That is primarily related to Ontario, and it relates to the way in which the LCBO accounts for shipments coming from Europe. So there is a small amount there. I won't speak to the exact volumes.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Again, we won't give any forward guidance on that. But again, I have explained the difference between the fiscal volumes and that adjustment for industry. And now I just would say, just sorry, just if you go back, just more commentary on that. If you look back over time, you will see historically in our numbers a difference between those. I just think if you looked at this particular quarter, you will see that the gap is a little bit higher.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So, I mean, Judy, of course, we don't give any guidance on our forward-looking revenue. But I can just tell you that -- a couple of things. First of all, the growth of value, in our case, again I said value is approximately flat in the market. In our case, we actually grew share values. That was actually a positive. We saw a good deal of pressure on premium, and I think premium, just in general in the market, was under pressure. Our premium was also under pressure because of pressure that we saw from Coors Light Iced T. But beyond that, I can't really give you any prediction for the future other than to say that we're focused pretty acutely on Coors Light, and we'd like to see that brand performing better. I will also say that it is a competitive market. And if you looked across the country, what hasn't changed is the level of pricing competition across all of the regions.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I won't give you, again, any guidance on going forward what the pricing will look like, but you are right that the mix is an impact and the market is competitive. You can certainly see those by looking at the front line pricing that you've seen in supermarkets. One of the things we called out in our release was the higher costs related to promotional packaging. And you're seeing a lot more promotions where people are including T-shirts or hats or those kinds of things alongside of the beer that a consumer is buying.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I would say, look, it's really a couple of items. We wrote down some obsolete equipment, and we also had some write-offs related to aged product. So I would say the aged product is something that you see year-over-year, and that the write-off of the obsolete equipment is going to be more sporadic.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So we didn't say specifically what would show up in the second half. We did point to the fact that in the first part of the year, $12 million was affected by phasing. Also important to note that in the fourth quarter of last year, we had lower marketing expense as a result of the NHL strike. So you'll have to make a guess as to where we're going to end up. But I think with those pieces of information, you're well on to do that.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, Mark, as you know, of course, we don't normally speak to the third quarter. But so I'd just restrict my comments to the second quarter, and I think I've given you those.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes. So first of all, you'll see a big change in the fourth quarter relative to last year because we just picked up the sponsorship of the NHL last year, but really didn't have anything to activate again since the teams are not playing. So fundamentally, all of the things that you would normally expect with a premier sponsorship like the NHL, you will see activated in the fourth quarter of this year. Relative to the Olympics, we're still developing some of the plans around the Olympics but we are sponsoring the Canadian Olympic team. And we expect that the Olympics activities actually will be very complementary to our NHL sponsorship because obviously, they will both be focused on hockey.
Gavin Hattersley: Now Bryan, our underlying free cash flow goal that we've got out there of $700 million, plus or minus 10%, is inclusive of any cash tax payments. And we've left that unchanged from our earlier guidance. This one-off change in the Canadian tax law is essentially a noncash item.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, hi, Ian. As you know, there are a number of factors that drive the cost of goods sold. In these 2 instances, there had been some geographic mix changes by country, as well as brand and pack mix changes. The commodities which we use vary by country as well, and they're not the same in Canada as they are, for example, in Europe. And you will have seen and know that certain commodity prices have reduced worldwide. This has had a favorable impact on some of our unhedged positions. Our cost savings program is also on track, and remember that we did say in New York that for the first 2 to 3 years, we would be at the higher end of our $40 million to $60 million guidance. And finally, we have had some positive leverage in some parts of the world, specifically in this case, the U.K.
Gavin Hattersley: I think the way I'd answer that is by guiding you towards our cost of goods sold guidance, which we've got out there, Ian. And to your earlier question, we will be giving guidance on 2014. We would only be doing that, I think, after the fourth quarter earnings results.
Gavin Hattersley: Judy, look, I'm not going to give you any forward guidance on profit. But to answer some of your questions, individually, from a pack rollout point of view, we're obviously starting at the top of the organization and cascading it down. And this year and then early into next year, I would expect us to be through most of the senior management of the organization, and then we'll take a decision on how we roll that out further throughout the organization. We're nicely on track from that perspective. Obviously, much of what we said in New York in June are the areas we're focusing on. So I think we've talked a lot about working capital, and obviously, that the focus we have on working capital allows us to get to our debt leverage targets, which we have out there to get back to where we were pre-acquisition within 1 to 3 years. And we have -- and to tell you about those working capital targets, it focuses on our capital efficiency and how we prioritize our spending from a capital point of view, which projects to go after and which not, and it also impacts on the cost side of our business. So without getting into any forward-looking profit statements, I think that's the best way I can answer your question.
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, look, I will let you decide which side of the $700 million you get, plus or minus. I would just point to some of the factors which impact our working capital -- not working capital, our free cash flow and which we talked about earlier when we set this guidance, and that was that we do have increased pension contributions, our cash taxes are increasing. And we, on the positive side, we're making steady improvements in our working capital. We are going to have higher capital expenditure and cash interest this year, primarily as a result of the Central Europe acquisition. So I'll steer you to the $700 million plus or minus 10%, Mark, and leave you to make the calculation.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. So yes, the answer is those are just part of our normal savings programs. And there was a smaller component of our cost reduction, which is related to lower incentive comp expense. So that obviously could come back in the future. But no, those are the 2 pieces.
Gavin Hattersley: I'm not sure we give out that level of specificity from a cash tax rate point of view. As I said, Robert, it is built into our $700 million plus or minus 10% full year underlying free cash flow guidance.
