Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Good morning. Yes, you’re right. Look, we did have a really strong performance in Q1 and we are really pleased about that. But it is a small quarter for us and many of the drivers that we saw in the first quarter we were expecting. There’s obviously a lot of uncertainty out there from a macroeconomic environment and how that might impact or not impact the consumer base. And frankly, we haven’t even got to the peak setting season yet. The other point I would make is that we haven’t factored any of the trends that we’ve seen in April into our guidance. We really and I’m sure nobody has any idea how long these are going to continue, so they’re not factored into our guidance at this point. So yes, we didn’t raise our guidance at this time for those reasons.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin. Yes, just a couple maybe additional points to that. Obviously, our focus right now is on our brands completely and not looking at what our competitors are doing. I’m particularly proud of the work that we’ve done over the last three years because we’ve built our brands very deliberately. And Kevin, we’re seeing progress across our portfolio as a result of that. And that tells us that our strategy is working. So, no matter what happens with our competitors, we are going to continue to make the right decisions for our brands and the long-term health of our brands. As I said to you, we haven’t factored in the current situation into the guidance – holding our guidance where it is. Honestly, we can’t say how long the current situation is going to last. And our focus is going to stay on our brands. Our guidance did contemplate previously an increase in our marketing spend in the – particularly in the summer part of the year as we head into Memorial Day and after that as we go into 4th of July, our guidance did include supporting our brands in a meaningful way. And I guess that’s about all I can say on that at this point, Kevin.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Victor. Thanks for that question. Yes, certainly I can do that. And I’ll do that by saying that, we came into this year with inventories in really good shape and that was the good starting point. And then as Tracey said in her remarks, we shipped ahead of consumption in the first quarter as well. So we came out of Q1 in good shape from an inventory point of view, our inventories were healthy and our inventories have remained stable in the last four weeks. So we are keeping up with the demand that we’re seeing certainly in April. Many of the changes that we made over the last year or so and decisions that we’ve made put us in a much better position from a supply chain point of view than we have been for quite some time. And if you remember our economy skew rationalization, we expanded our supplier base and that’s just allowed us to be much more nimble from an overall business point of view. And as a result, we have improved our ability to react to potential sharp changes in supply. So thanks for the question.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Look from an overall industry point of view and your questions directed more at the U.S., so I’ll keep my comments there. We had a number of dynamics that played out in the first quarter. In January it was certainly positive for us because we were cycling Omicron, which certainly benefited the on-premise volume trend versus the prior year. But in March we did see on-premise trends slow a little bit, didn’t provide us the offset to – the off-premise performance, which remained reasonably softer in the quarter, mostly because of what was happening out in the Pacific region and specifically California. That was the biggest geographic driver of industry softening frankly, Andrea, at least in part, probably mostly due to the weather situation at that part of the world. From our point of view, we did perform ahead of the industry in the Pacific region and California, and we gain share in California, which we are particularly pleased about. And when you couple all of that with the current macroeconomic environment and the fact that we haven’t built any of this current trend change into our guidance, it’s just left us a bit cautious in the short-term. But very confident that our portfolio, the work that we’ve done over the last three years has strategically positioned us to navigate the dynamic environment that we’re seeing. So thanks for that question.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure. So in Europe from a UK point of view, the consumers remained, frankly, remarkably resilient. And so we haven’t seen much degradation in consumer behavior in the UK. And certainly from a sales revenue point of view, our on-premise trends are above what they were in 2019. A little different in Central and Eastern Europe, I mean, the consumer there is less discretionary disposable income and with the inflation being where it is and particularly in consumer durables – sorry, not durables, fast moving consumer goods we’ve seen more of an impact in Central and Eastern Europe than we have in the UK. In Canada, we saw a similar trend as we did in the U.S., excluding the – obviously, the California situation. And we were very pleased with the fact that our volumes in Canada were up, 4.9%. So thanks for that, Andrea.
Gavin Hattersley: Robert, you're right. I mean our supply chain is in much better shape than it was several years ago. And as I said, they've done a brilliant job of meeting demand as we've gone along. And you're right, the more volume you get through your breweries, the more fixed cost deleverage or the opposite of that comes into play. But as I said earlier, none of this – what's happening in April is any of our guidance going forward as we assess it and see what happens and see how sustaining it is. We always were going to increase our marketing spend as we headed into summer and Memorial Day and into 4th of July, in fact, for the whole of summer. So we feel that we have really strong plans for summer behind all of our core brands, whether they here in the United States or up in Canada or across the Asian. So we'll continue to spend what we think is right behind our brands. If we saw an opportunity, we could change that obviously, but that's factored into our guidance as we got it now.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Robert, as you're kind of implying where our focus is and our focus remains on our brands and not really focused on what the competitors are doing. And as I said, we've built our brands very deliberately over the last three years, and we've made great progress on our portfolio. I think our portfolio, particularly our core portfolio is really great spot from an overall health point of view. The momentum we saw in our core brands coming out of 2022 continued into the first quarter. And we believe we're set up for a really strong summer regardless of what's happening in the broader environment. And our marketing plans and support plans from a sales execution point of view, we're designed to support that brand strength before all this happened.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, look, I mean, frankly, we're living in such uncertain volatile times that it has been our practice when we can to make sure that we're at the top end of where we would like our inventory to be. And so that's how we felt coming out of 2022, and that's why we were where we were at the end of the first quarter. It feels like over the last three years, there's always been something, right. And so we wanted to make sure that we had our inventories at the right level to make sure that our out of stocks were as low as we can possibly have them. And so that was the position we found ourselves coming out of Q1, higher inventory than we perhaps would have been in previous years because build for someone normally takes place in April and through into May. So it was – we're in a good place from an inventory point of view at the moment, Bryan.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, to answer your second question first, no, there isn't. So the benefit of spreading our fixed costs across a larger volume set doesn't have a reduction as things move forward. So I wouldn't factor that in any way. From an overall capacity point of view, it's a little bit of a hypothetical question, right, because it's hard to predict how big or how long these current trends are going to continue. I would just tell you that in terms of where we’re positioned, we’re as good as we could have been. And obviously, we weren’t planning for this, but as I said, we had great inventories coming out of the year. Our distributors were very supportive in building inventories towards the back end of the year. And we’ve kept up that momentum in the first quarter. So we’re positioned as well as we could be from a supply point of view. So we’ll just have to see how that plays out. Thanks, Steve.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Look, from a consumer point of view and from a distributor point of view, I – frankly, I don’t think anybody can say how long the situation is going to last. And that’s why our focus is squarely on our brands and taking advantage of the momentum that we created coming out of 2022 and also out of the first quarter. In terms of spring resets, look, the retailers only make meaningful changes to their resets coming into the spring, and then they do minor ones in the fall. Most of the retail chains have finished their sets and have actually begun the resets process. And as you can expect, there was a bigger growth in shelf space going to RTDs coming directly from FABs and seltzers with some reduction in shelf space for craft, and craft changes seemed to be very dependent on retail strategy and it’s not consistent across retailers. We have seen a significant growth in space for imports and premium lights and super premium is growing, but to a lesser extent, we don’t have a complete picture of all the research that have taken place, but where we do have a read, we’re growing both distribution and we’re growing physical space. And frankly, we’ve seen growth – strong growth in distribution and space due to innovation, but we’re also growing space in the core of our portfolio as well. So the biggest opportunity for us to gain additional retail space aligns really well with the category segment trends we’re seeing in seltzers and craft. And we are feeling really good about our biggest bets in innovation for 2023 like Simply Spiked.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Chris. Look, I mean I’ll make the point upfront that we are not seeing competitive moves from a promotional point of view to the degree that you may have seen – been reported, it certainly isn’t a full market thing. It’s not a full portfolio thing and certainly not half of last year’s full GI, we have seen some increase in brewer funded levels, but hard to say where that’s all going. But certainly it’s not as widespread as you may have read in the media. We continue to do pricing as we’ve always done it, right, which is on a brand by brand, market by market basis. We’re holding steady on what we said on our last earnings call that obviously we’ve cycled through the spring price increases from last year and we’ve now got the full price increase we put through last year, which was in the sort of 5% to 6% range holding steady through this coming fall. And we still continue to believe that the full price increases will revert back to more historical levels in that sort of 1% to 2% range. But obviously there’s plenty of time between now and when we have to make a decision on that to determine exactly what we’ll do for a pricing point of view for our brand portfolio. Thanks, Chris.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Tracey, you’ll take the second question, but from an overarching point of view, Lauren, as I said, we haven’t built in any of the current trends into our guidance reiteration, right? Obviously, it’s too soon to tell where this is all going to go. And point you towards Tracey’s comments where she said, our plan is always to try and ship two consumption for the full year. So as I – as we said, we over shipped in first quarter very deliberately to make sure that, that we could weather any unexpected issues, which may rear their head through summer. And our inventory levels have remained pretty steady through the whole month of April. So our supply chain has been able to meet the increased demand that are of – you can obviously see through the publicly available channel and scan data. And so that’s about all the color I can add for you is as it relates to shipments for the year and then contract brewing choice.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo. So a couple of things in there. From a pricing point of view, not – I can’t really add much more than what I’ve already said other than that we don’t approach pricing on a one size fits all. We certainly look at by brand, by pack and by market very specifically. And we will continue to do that. And I think we’ve been pretty effective at that. From a – as Tracey said, from an overall point of view, our assumptions for the full year is that top line growth is going to come more from rate than volume. It’s – as I said, there’s a lot of uncertainty from a macro environment point of view and what impact that may or may not have on the consumer. We are still seeing premiumization, though, albeit at a slower pace. We’re not observing significant segment trade down. We’re seeing the value that segment trends are stabilizing. And as for consumers, we continue to see trips and dollars being up primarily due to that pricing, buyers and units down, which is obviously impacting overall industry volumes. And as I said, consumers continue to make tradeoffs as they look for value with shifts into the larger packs and into the singles away from midsize packs. And we build all of that into how we think about pricing of our various brands and packs. Thanks, Filippo.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Look, I mean – you’re right. I mean, we don’t have an emerging growth division anymore, so the $1 billion goal is no longer applicable. But the changes to the all structure that we’ve made here in the Americas is completely designed to support accelerating future growth. We’re going to have more aligned priorities, we’re going to have more aligned leadership. The collaboration between sales and marketing is going to be much more. And it allows us to have more scale in Beyond Beer. And it does allow us to accelerate and have more aligned capabilities to examples of that would be innovation and then obviously digital. And all of that is in support of our Beyond Beer initiatives as well as obviously our core brands. With total Beyond Beer coming together, because they were sort of housed in different houses, like Topo Chico Spirited and expanded relationships with Coca-Cola with Peace Hard Tea, full spirit strength, full strength spirits like Five Trail and Barmen and Nelk with brands like ZOA. All of the activity that now fits into this one big house is designed to drive that even faster. And we’re seeing that with simply, we’re seeing that with Zoa, we’re seeing that with our full strength spirits. So we’re only about 45 days into the new structure, but the benefits that are already becoming really clear. So I’m very pleased with the sort of first month or two of our new process. So thanks for that question, Eric.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Gerald. Look, I mean from a U.S. point of view, very pleased with the performance of Topo Chico and Vizzy. Topo Chico is on track to be the number three hard seltzer. Because number four coming out of the first quarter. Simply sparked has just been, as you say, a massive success since we launched it in summer of 2022. And frankly, it caught us a little bit by surprise, and we weren’t able to meet all of the demand that existed. And with the work that our supply chain team have done to in-house that and with a variety packet coming online now in May, we feel very confident that we’re going be able to meet the elevated demand. So although, we’re going up against strong comps, in many respects, there could have been even stronger, and that’s what we’re going to take advantage of. We’ve also got Simply Spiked Peach, which has just launched, which has been – I mean, it’s really early days, but it’s been amazingly successful so far. We’ve just launched Simply Spiked in Canada, very late in Q1, so really had no impact on our Q1 performance up in Canada. But it’s off to a really strong start with some of our key retailers. So we are feeling really good about our position from a full flavor and flavor point of view, which is how we’re looking at it right now. So thanks for that question.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So MG&A was flat. If you have a look at the marketing spend, in particular, as Gavin said, we've always planned to spend more marketing dollars in 2023. In Q1, we obviously did put a lot of investment around our Super Bowl ad, but we spent that money very wisely. We went into two, three weeks before Super Bowl, talking about our Miller Lite and Coors Light brands. And so there was a big price tag, but we were able to spend less and actually delivered more. In fact, we had over 60% increase in impressions across our three key brands in January and February versus the prior year. But also just to remind you that last year in Q1, we had the big launch of Topo Chico Hard Seltzer. And so there was a big spend that we were lapping from last year.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So again, I – yes, I can’t quantify this because it is with a contract brewing partner Lauren, but it is a large contract brewing agreement. It does wind down at the end of 2024. We do expect based on forecasts, et cetera, that we do receive to see a significant decline in volumes related to this in the second half of the year and as I mentioned, accelerating in Q4. So other than being able to quantify, which we can’t, that’s about as much color as I can add to that.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So thanks for that, Peter. So the inflation and that gets all are pretty similar. It’s driven by our brewing and packaging materials, some brewery inflation. But also what’s a little bit different is the premiumization, especially coming out of EMEA and APAC. So as we drive our portfolio premiumization, it does come at a higher COGS, although as I said, it comes at higher margins as well. So with the performance we saw in UK driven by the on-premise performance and the portfolio premiumization, we did have a higher COGS in Q1. But as we look at the balance of the year, we’ve got a good line of sight to our COGS based on our hedging programs, contract passes and as well as our expected cost savings. And so that helps us to moderate some of the inflation increases we see. And that’s why we – with this good line of thought, we are able to look at the COGS moderating or least the inflation moderating in the back half of the year. So I mean, I think that there’s nothing significantly different other than maybe the premiumization.
