Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Stewart. So in April, we rolled out Coors Light Iced T across Canada, and in June, our above-premium portfolio will be strengthened through the addition of the new Castle & Strongbow brands. In the U.S., we have strong marketing and sales programming behind our key brands this year, leading into the peak season, especially for Miller Lite, Coors Light and Miller 64. We are also introducing or testing a range of new brands, and we are rolling out a full slate of innovative packaging, including the Miller Lite punch top can to help build our existing brands. In the U.K., Carling Chrome and Carling Zest will receive increased marketing support, as will Coors Light to extend its current strong double-digit volume growth.  The 2012 investment in our International business will be similar to last year, with phasing buyers to the first half of the year. Our overriding international goal remains to build this group of businesses quickly and to reduce some investment per hectoliter so that our international group becomes a significant contributor to total company profitability by 2015. Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter. In Canada, our sales to retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter declined at a mid-single digit rate versus 2011. In the U.S. for the 4 weeks ended April 28, STRs declined to a low-single digit rate on a trading day adjusted basis. In the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a high single-digit rate. And in the first 4 weeks, our international STRs have increased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So when we measured our first quarter against the 3 pillars of our strategy that we laid out for the first time at our investors in New York last year, we have grown profitability in our core markets but only because of an exceptional quarter in the U.S. While the Canada market showed signs of improvement, we need to improve our gross profit margins. And while we've increased share in the U.K., the issue remains one of market performance. International growth is in line with our plan, and we expect the acquisition of StarBev to improve our growth market exposure while delivering returns that will grow shareholder value. And as discussed in New York, our primary focus continues to be on the improvement of total shareholder returns in our core business. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, 2 quick comments. Firstly, our prepared remarks will be on the website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, at 2:00 p.m. Eastern time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. And that call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website.  Second point I would just like to reference is that we did announce some personnel changes today, namely that Mark Hunter will be moving from the U.K. to when the StarBev business subject to satisfactory close and regulatory improvement (sic) [approval]. Stewart Glendinning, CFO, will be moving to the U.K. and Ireland business; and Gavin Hattersley will be moving from our U.S. business to join us as CFO of Molson Coors. I would just like to congratulate all 3 of those on the moves, which are heavily deserved. And so with that, I would like now to open it up for questions, please.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, I don't believe such priorities. I mean, it will be much a higher percentage because the U.S. base is considerably higher than either the U.K. or Canada. If you look at our marketing expenditure as a percentage of turnover, I think you'll find that we're trying to catch up in some of the other geographies compared to the U.S. So I think overall, we're in a pretty good position geography by geography.
Peter S. Swinburn: John, a couple of things. I think the per capita consumption does vary country by country, and we are in actually 9 different countries. So that's the first point I would make. Everything that we've seen in these countries because as you say that's somewhat emerging markets reflects the fact that the per capita consumption is -- there is a very, very strong correlation between that and GDP growth. And so you have take a view on what's going to happen to the GDP growth in these countries. And yes, it's going to be volatile. But over the -- if you average it out, looking forward over the next 5 to 10 years, we see that is a positive trend. And so really that's the background to it.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I think it's probably in terms of detail because we're talking about 9 countries and a multiplicity of brands, Dave can pick the real detail on that later on. But if I was to give you a background, I mean, as I mentioned, we have got the #1 brand in 5 of the markets that we're talking about. And within that 5, there are a good number where we see opportunity to continue to grow our market share position or certainly hold it and improve value around that piece and also see improvements within the overall velocity of the market. So we're comfortable that there is opportunity. It does vary market by market, but Dave can take you to the detail about later on, if you like.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. So I mean, obviously, not just volume, it's balancing the volume with the NSR growth, what we've been trying to do, Bryan. But if I try and encapsulate it, I would say that we have been, all things being equal, probably pleasant, cautiously pleasantly surprised with the U.S. and Canada. The markets are probably even better than we expected. To be honest, no idea whether that will continue, but that's what we would say, and probably the U.K. is being the same as we expected, which is difficult. So that's some of it. I mean, before April, I think we would've been a bit more positive, but you've seen the numbers in April, and so it really reflects consumer trends at the moment. It's pretty volatile, to be honest with you. But overall, yes, I think Canada and U.S. is probably more positive than we expected.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, absolutely fair to say that marking it both from a marketing investment line on our core brands but also from innovation. Really, we should see the major benefit of that in the remaining of the year -- remainder of the year.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I mean, what I can say, Bryan, is that really over the last 3 years plus, we've consistently examined with our board the best way to use any cash that we have at any point in time. And we've always judged the usage of that cash against total shareholder return in the medium to long term. And as we announced a year ago, it was appropriate to use that cash for share buybacks because there was no other option on the table when StarBev came up. It was an option at the price that we bought it at, which was below 11x EBITDA multiple. It really satisfied all the financial criteria we laid out and both in our estimation and the board agreed, so over the medium to long term, that was a better way to use our cash. It will be much easier to talk about StarBev in the fine detail when we actually own the business. But you understand, at the moment, we're bound by confidentiality. So I think a lot more will become clear when we'll be able to talk in more detail as to our beliefs and our rationale. So I'd ask you just to be patient on that for a little bit longer.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thanks, Steve, and thanks, everybody, for joining us today and for your interest in the business. And we look forward to speaking to you again at the end of our next quarter. Thanks very much.
David Perkins: Judy, yes, let me cover the different aspects, and let me start first with industry performance in Q1. On our fiscal basis, it was up about 1.3%. If you look at it on a calendar basis, it was up over 3%. Weather was certainly a positive factor during the quarter. Timing of Easter accelerated some volume from Q2 into Q1. And so it's our third consecutive quarter of industry growth now, so we're actually feeling good about that. We actually look like we outpaced the total beverage alcohol category in Q1 as well, so some positive things on the industry. But I do want to acknowledge the role of Easter and weather in that. On our market share performance and specifically, Judy, Coors Light, Molson Canadian both grew in the quarter, as did our above-premium portfolio. Our nonstrategic brands declined consistent with what I talked about last quarter, but that was largely offset by strategic brand growth everywhere but the West. And it's in the West that our share decline was concentrated. In the West, we achieved really strong NSR per hectoliter growth as we moved our value brands up and we shifted our promotional activity to less costly packs. But there's no doubt that came at the expense of share and volume, so we're just rebalancing that now. And as we look to April then in the mid-single digit decline in volume, I would say that Easter would certainly be a consideration in that with the acceleration to Q1. We had very cold weather in our major Eastern markets through the month. And I would say that our price competitiveness in the West, the factors I just talked about continue on into April and will likely continue on the early part of May as well.
David Perkins: Yes, I mean, the decline of the nonstrategic brands, I think the important thing to understand about those brands is they're actually quite profitable because there's low levels of support on them. They tend to have NSR similar to our mainstream brands, but at the bottom line, the contribution is quite strong. Really, the challenge for us, and I think I mentioned this the last quarter as well, is for us to get both innovation and core brands growing at a rate that it more than offsets what's happening on our nonstrategic brands. Nonstrategic brands would be in and around 10% of our total business, and there's nothing that we want to do by way of attention there to try to prop them up. It's really about leaning hard into our strategic brands. That's what we're doing. I think other than the challenge we've had in the West, pretty happy with what I've seen east of the Manitoba border in Q1.
David Perkins: Again, Mark, it's Dave. It's not a very robust update to give. I'm -- we're in full distribution now. Above the line marketing support started April 23. So it's quite recent. Certainly, all the indications that we're getting in the early days are positive. We're seeing the numbers come in where we'd hoped to. We're achieving the pricing that we'd hoped to on the brand. It is very early days.
David Perkins: Yes, okay. In the West, what we did is we moved our value brands up certainly at a rate higher than the rest of the market in any of the GPIs. So we're trying to close the gap between our value brands and our mainstream. In addition, a lot of the promotional activity in the West is happening in fairly expensive SKUs, and so we attempted to shift that to less costly SKUs. That worked in part, but it didn't work the way we wanted it to because it wasn't the general market move, and we haven't seen the market move that way. So we're finding ourselves less competitive now, and that's why we're rolling back. In terms of the impact it will have on NSR, going forward, I wouldn't characterize is as particularly material on a national basis. Certainly, in the West, it will have some impact.
David Perkins: Yes, okay. Let me take a crack at that, James. I mean, the way we define a strategic brand is essentially one that we're investing behind to maintain or grow for the future. And there's about a dozen brands that would fall into that camp. The nonstrategic brands are brands that were either fully harvesting or that we may be spending a little bit on to moderate the decline in some cases. But generally, they're harvest brands. And for us, what's important is really to have a stable to growing market share over time. I mean, we want a portfolio that is capable of ensuring that we're competitive within the category. And so it's important to us that our supported brands, our strategic brands do get to a point where they're fully offsetting and more than offsetting the decline of those nonstrategic brands. Now some of our strategic brands also have premium, above-premium pricing. You know that we have a strong above-premium portfolio. But even if you look at our innovation like Coors Light Iced T, that is coming in at an above-mainstream pricing, an above-premium pricing. And so that will have a beneficial impact on our NSR and on our margins.
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, over the longer term, what we're attempting to do on our portfolio is ensure that the kind of segment shifts the we see happening in the market don't disadvantage us. So over time, we see the mainstream segment declining, the above-premium increasing and the value segment tends to vary. Generally, it has trended up, but there are times when you'll see it reverse itself. We need to have fair share within each of those 3 pricing segments so that as the market shifts, it doesn't mathematically cause our market share to decline. And then within the portfolio, we want to push the premium-ization. Premium-ization is the growth of the above-premium segment, but it is also the kind of innovation that we do in the mainstream segment. So I don't consider Coors Light Iced T a true above-premium brand, but it is commanding a price index that is very attractive to us. And so within the mainstream, to the extent that we can push towards higher priced products, we will.
David Perkins: That would be fair, although I would emphasize that the investment that we make behind Coors Light and Canadian, which are our power brands that are absolutely critical to keeping our breweries running and maintaining our bottom line, get very healthy investment.
