Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. I'll take those two tricks. I’ll start with Quebec first. Yes, the strike is still ongoing. We're obviously doing what we can to produce and ship our beers within the confines of the law and our hope is that the union come back to the negotiating table so that we can reach a reasonable agreement for all the parties. This point in time, obviously, there are some out of stocks, but we're continuing to produce and ship blind with our contingency plans. As far as US brand volumes are concerned, look, I mean, we were very clear about the fact that we rationalized our economy portfolio last year, and that we would be facing those headwinds for a full 12 months. And if you look at the first quarter, obviously the first month was tough because we had the Coronavirus impact, the Omicron which pretty much shut down the on-premise again. And we saw sequential improvements beyond that. But you know, just remind you that we're going against the economy, skew rationalization and brand elimination. We will start to cycle out of that in the second half of the second quarter and then obviously fully into the into the second half. A 100% of volume reduction in the US, in fact more than 100% was driven by the economy portfolio, premium light or premium and above premium portfolios collectively group.
Gavin Hattersley: No problem. I mean, look, I mean, obviously it is our ambition and goal to drive both of those brands positively. And yes, 100% or more than 100% of our loss in the first quarter was driven by the reduction in the economy portfolio. We grew share -- segment share in both premium and above premium in the first quarter. We had accelerating trends compared to the fourth quarter. And growth in share in premium was driven by Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet, frankly. And growth in the Above Premium was driven mostly by ourselves, Topo Chico and Vizzy. And although I'm calling out the economy was obviously a negative, we have started to see positive trends on economy for our portfolio between the fourth quarter of 2021 and the first quarter of 2022. And the hope is as we start cycling our focus on the form and that we'll see that get more positive. From a consumer health point of view, we can draw a line there to trade down. And honestly, we're just not seeing that. In fact, we're still seeing the opposite. And obviously, we'll continue to monitor it closely. And if we do have trade down, I think our portfolio is uniquely positioned to benefit from that given the strength of economy brands that we've got and the current strength of both Miller Lite and Coors Light.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Laurent. On Simply Spike, we're on track to launch that in June of this year. Lots of excitement from our system with our retailers, our consumers what consumers are saying on social media ahead of this launch is anything to go by, it's going to be a very successful launch. But I guess, not entirely surprising, right? It's a powerful brand. It's Coca-Cola's second largest brand in the U.S. only behind the Coca-Cola trademark brands. So we're excited about it launching a 12 pack and a 24-ounce can. And at the beginning, it will be produced outside of our production facilities. Topo Chico is, as you say, we now produce it in-house, and we actually outsource it as well, whatever we expect for us. We haven't been specific and detail about the margin improvement, Laurent, but you can assume that it's a meaningful margin improvement for us when we do bring it in-house. And then, I think your next question was on revenue, the 10.2%, half of that was due to net pricing. Remember, this is a global number. Half of that 10.2% was net pricing and the rest was a favorable mix and a few other odds and ends. Thanks, Laurent.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Sure, Bryan. Thanks. Without wishing to complicate things overly, right? There were two elements to the economy portfolio. One was a new prioritization as we came out of the cybersecurity attack and the Texas storm. So, there were brands that we were not going to do rationalize, but we were constraining the production so we could focus in on Miller Lite and Coors Light. And then, of course, there's the SKU rationalization and the elimination of some of the plants. So, those two elements. We came out of the sort of, how do I put a pause skew earlier than the rationalization skew. So we should start seeing improvement in brands like Keystone, Miller High Life, Steel Reserve and hands and already are even in the first quarter, Bryan. And that will accelerate as we start cycling some much easier comps, probably as much detail as I want to get into, Bryan, without really decomposing between the brands, but your thesis at a high level is correct.
Gavin Hattersley: Got it. Thanks, Eric. On your housekeeping question, remember the 10.2%, which I was referring to earlier was a global number. And the US number was actually a little higher than that. It was percent higher than that roughly the same split, roughly half net pricing and half mix and other. And I'd say the freight and fuel is around 100 basis points, more or less, give or take, of the 11-odd percent net revenue per credit liter increase. As far as Topo Chico is concerned, remember, we only launched that brand nationally towards the back end, but it's already the number four brand in the segment, and it's growing. It's the first -- to your velocity question, it's actually the third fastest turning in the segment. It's got the highest repeat rate of any brand that we've launched over the last two years. It's got over a five share nationally already. And in major markets like Texas, it's already into the mid-teens from a share point of view. So your question about launch markets and e-markets its holding strong in Texas which is where we launched first of all. And we have got certain exciting new stuff that we just put into the market for Topo Chico with margarita we launched at last month. So we're ready for our first -- I mean we didn’t have it nationally in the summer of last year and we are well position for our first national summer with Topo Chico. Thanks, Eric.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look from a from an overall Seltzer point of view, you know, we've more than doubled ourselves share. Topo Chico is a big part of that. As I said it's the fourth largest Seltzer in the country, really the fifth largest. We've just launched the margarita variety pack. We've got Ranch water  out there now. And we still believe that 10% market share for us is our initial goal. And we certainly – our ambitions don't just - don't just stop there. And that's just in the US. Frankly in Canada, we've already seeing double-digit Seltzer share in some markets. And Quebec it's already mid-teens and at a mid-teens level, and that's before we even launched Topo Chico Hard Seltzer, which we're launching in the summer of this year. And of course, we've got first-mover advantage in Europe with threefold and with the wild moment. So we're off to a strong start in Topo Chico. I feel very good about it.  As far as the detailed financial metrics, I mean, that's obviously something between ourselves and Coca Cola. We don't - we're not going to break that down, but obviously it's positive for us. We wouldn't be doing it. And to be clear it comes through the P&L, right? So I mean, it's in our volume. It's in our revenue and it's in our margin and our bottom-line.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. I mean, Chris, just to talk about the marketing, right. I mean, as we always said, we’re going to invest behind our brands. And we've got brands with Miller Lite and Coors Light, and we've got brands in the above premium space that are really doing well, and we're going to invest behind that momentum. And then we've got the Simply launch, which takes place in Q2. So I think we've said from the beginning of the revitalization plan, we're going to invest behind the momentum we've got, and we're seeing that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Steve. Look, we had a very clear and detailed plan with our distributors by brand. It was discontinued by SKU that was discontinued to try and make sure that we fill it with the brands that we wanted there. Some of it would well have landed up in the Premium Light space, and some of it would have extended some of the brands that we kept in the economy space. I mean, I would also be naive to suggest that we didn't lose some shelf space to our competitors. I'm sure we did. But our sales and guys and our distributors had a very clear plan to execute against, and they did that.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, I think you can see that in what we're actually prioritizing, Brett. So obviously, sells is a priority for us. It remains a priority, and we're pleased with the progress that we're making there. In terms of other prioritization, simply is another example of that, right, going into the sort of SMB or flavored space. We're being much more choice full than we perhaps were in previous years. We're making bets and putting focus on what we think are bigger ideas. And Topo Chico and Vizzy and Simply are exactly that. Up in Canada, we have placed focus behind Molson Ultra. And in our Beyond Beer space, we're placing a significant focus behind ZOA. We understand that our distributor partners want focus, and we believe we’re giving that to them, and it certainly helps our own internal system as well. So we're not going to be all things to all people in every single space possible across board. We're going to adapt what we think are the good ideas and the big bet for us.
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, I mean, Tracy went through that in quite a lot of detail. So in the -- when we talk about elevated inventories, all -- I think the point Tracey was trying to make was we have very low inventories at the end of first quarter last year because of the cybersecurity and this year we don’t. So you know, as I said, our inventory levels are where we want them to be going into summer and we worked very hard of that out of stocks, particularly in our skew, our core skews are lower than they were pre-Pandemic so we’re well positioned and just enough stock problem in our organization.
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, look, we're not going to give -- I think we discontinued that practice some time ago. I do think in my opening script or at some point in this conversation, I've said that April has sequentially improved, January was tough because of Omicron than February, March and April have all sequentially improved for us. There are different things going on in the back half of the year, right? So I mean the UK went into lockdown pretty much again in the fourth quarter of last year. So that will be an easier comp. Canada had some challenges in the fourth quarter from a prior year point of view as well. But getting into shipment detail by quarter is not something we plan to do. I think the important thing is that we've reaffirmed our guidance, and we're comfortable with that.
