Gavin Hattersley: Thank you, Mark, and hello and welcome everybody. I’d like to first frame the revitalization plan we included in the slides we filed with the SEC and announced to our employees earlier this morning, and which I will review in more depth after Tracey’s remarks. We are one of the world’s leading brewers and own a tremendous portfolio of brands, but we’re over-indexed in declining segments. Our core brands have seen years of volume losses and our marketing spend and innovation capabilities haven’t kept up with the competition.Our business is at an inflection point. We can continue down the path we’ve been on for several years, or we can make the significant and difficult changes necessary to get back on track. Our revitalization plan is designed to streamline the company, to move faster, and to free up resources to invest in our brands and our capabilities. And through it, we will create a brighter future for Molson Coors. The plan aims to revitalize Molson Coors, achieving consistent topline growth by enabling us to invest in iconic brands as well as opportunities to grow in the above premium space, expand beyond beer without having to sacrifice support for larger brands in the company’s portfolio, and to create new digital competencies for commercial functions, system capabilities for supply chain and new capabilities for employees.To make this possible, we plan to unlock resources by eliminating duplication, shedding what’s not working and restructuring the organization to better succeed in today’s competitive, fast-paced environment. And I will review this plan with you shortly. But first, over to you Tracey for Q3 results.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks and good morning, Drew. Look, I mean we've made a lot of progress in the last several years deleveraging and generating cash and delivering on our financial commitments. But I think it’s safe to start investments in innovation capabilities haven't kept pace with our competitors, as I said, what is required in this rapidly changing industry. So under the plan that I've outlined: we're going take more calculated risks, we're going to move faster, we're going to diversify our portfolio. And the revitalization plan that I've laid out just now generates $150 million in cost savings.But obviously we're not going to get that whole $150 million on day one and we want to start investing behind the ideas that we've got behind the innovations and behind some of the very successful breakthrough marketing that we've generated as well. And so taking the EBITDA guidance down for next year will allow us to invest behind our core brands, behind our new innovations in our above premium portfolio earlier than we would otherwise if we had to wait for the $450 million.Next question, Steven.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bryan for that question and good morning to you. Look, I mean from an incentive comp point of view, we actually going into those conversations now with our compensation committee. This is the cycle of time period when we said that, and I can assure you that the comp committee will want to make sure that our incentive plan is aligned absolutely with what we're trying to do. So next year will be a transition year as I said, as we reshape our portfolio and put the emphasis and focus on where we believe it needs to be and where we have a right to win. And then beyond that as I said, we would expect a growth in both the top-line and the bottom-line. So more to come on that front as we – as we design the incentive with our comp committee, but I can assure you it will be aligned.
Gavin Hattersley: But as we make decisions on our portfolio and make decisions around what we are going to focus on and what we're not going to focus on, obviously that will be reflected in our volume plan for the year ahead. So if there are skews that we believe are unproductive for us to be focusing on and we eliminated them and that would be reflected in the goals for volume. Obviously the emphasis for us is on our core brands and our innovation and our above premium portfolio. And Bryan, we really excited about the innovation portfolio, which we've got coming. The feedback we've got from our distributor network and from our retail partners around brands like Blue Moon Light Sky and Saint Archer Gold and Arnold Palmer Spiked, Cape Line and Peroni I can go on and on and on and is palpable. So obviously the focus will be there for us.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, we look under the plan that I've outlined, Steve, thanks. What's going to be different? Well, I think you're going to see us take more calculated risks. Hopefully you've already started to see that with some of the breakthrough marketing campaigns that we've gotten. And you'll see that in some of the innovation which we're going to come forward with. I would like to hope that you've already seen a change in how quickly we are coming to market. We've been too slow in the past and we're going to move even quicker than we have in the last sort of six months or so.And we are going to diversify our portfolio. Changing the name of the company to Molson Coors Brewing Company, it might seem like a small change but it's a very deliberate reflection of where we see potential future growth for us, which is in beyond beer. So we're going to be able to fund the good ideas without making the tradeoffs that we've had to make potentially in the past behind our bigger brands.So if you're looking for what's different, moderate more calculated risks, moving much quicker and being able to invest behind our core brands, behind breakthrough marketing, behind those core brands, but more particularly behind our both premium and in innovations and beyond beer that's coming. I think that's quite a meaningful difference to what's happened in the past.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. So a lot of questions there let me try and capture all of them.So first and foremost, let me reiterate that our investment grade ratings important to us and anything we do in the world of M&A is going to take that into account. I see this as more of a bolt-on strategy, much like we've done in the UK with brands like Sharp’s and breweries like Franciscan Wells and in the United States with the cross companies like Hop Valley and Terrapin. And we're going to build when we can, we'll borrow when we don't have the capabilities like Arnold Palmer Spiked as an example. All the credentials and we'll buy when it's necessary are compelling, but it remains very much a bolt-on strategy.As far as beyond beer is concerned I'm obviously not going to tip my hand to our competitors just yet, but we've already started moving in that direction and we plan to accelerate that movement. You know, just a few examples of that would be movo wine spritzers, La Colombe hard coffees, Cannabis joint venture in Canada. As I said to Steve on the previous question, changing our name to Molson Coors Beverages actually recognizes what's possible for our business, not only in beer but in beverage, it points to the way forward. And our M&A strategy in this regard would be the same as what I've just said from a bolt-on strategy point of view.
Gavin Hattersley: That'd be on edge that Sean, is obviously that which we know about and we do hedge and we do have freight programs that which we know about is built into our EBITDA guidance that which we don't control like tariffs and it’s not built into guidance.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea and good morning. So let me go maybe category-by-category. From an economy portfolio segment point of view, we're not expecting the economy segment to grow. We're expecting it to decline. As we expect the Premium Light category to decline as well. Our goal within Premium Light with our iconic Miller Lite and Coors Light brands through the breakthrough marketing, which we've developed and we continue to build on along with the additional firepower that we've got, is that we believe we can continue to grow a meaningful share in what is a declining segment. But let's not forget that it's around 100 million hectoliters of volume declining at a sort of 1% to 2% rate. So lot of volume out of there and there's a lot of shade that we can go after. Certainly our forecast saw that the above premium segment will continue to grow, it will grow strongly and we intend to accelerate our share there as we go forward.
Gavin Hattersley: Andrea, so I'm not going to put a specific number to that but I would say to you that we expect to have a meaningfully greater percentage in our both premium portfolio in the years ahead, that's where our investment is going to be, that's where our focus is going to be. Our innovation pipeline is focused there. So just to cover them again, brands like Blue Moon Light Sky and our investment behind Peroni has proven that when we've got marketing that works and we've got the marketing spend to put behind it that we can drive significant growth in our above premium brands. Peroni is up strong-double digits in the first three quarters of 2019 and is more than tripled its growth rate for the first nine months. That's what's different in this plan. When we've got the money and we've got the ideas we can make the brands work.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, that's a great question, Kaumil. So let me try and take that. We've got fine examples of when we have great ideas and we spend more money that we can drive a better performance and we've got green shoots popping up all over the place. From a – what's different point of view, I'll go back to the comments I made earlier on. We are going to take more risks than we have in the past. We're going to move much more quickly and we're not going to have to make the trade-off decisions that we may have had to make in the past between where we would put our investment dollars because we were being choiceful and that doesn't mean that we're – that we're going to become irresponsible or reckless and how we spend our money. But we're going to be, we're going to be careful but not as to make the tradeoffs we've had to make up in the past.What's going to be different is we extend much more beyond beer without having to sacrifice for the larger brands, which I just talked about. We're going to invest a meaningfully bigger amount behind new capabilities, particularly in the world of digital and data management and systems capabilities for our supply chain and resources behind capabilities for our employees. We're going to invest in above premium. Again, we just gave the Peroni example; Blue Moon Belgian White also had its best trends since Q4 2017. Cape Line is a Top 10 growth brand, but allowed 20 consecutive quarters of segment share growth and Coors Light had segment share acceleration of volume improvement following the new creative. So we've got the green shoots, we've got the proof that when we have the firepower we put it behind our brands that we can make a difference.
Gavin Hattersley: It’s a great question, Kaumil. So, I mean, that is one of the reasons why we've setup a new role in my organization, which is the president of the emerging brands and Pete Marino is going to hit that up and that's going to be focusing on beyond beer. It's going to be focusing on our craft businesses, on our cannabis area, on wine and spirits. It will also look after our license in export brands. So that will be very specifically focused in Pete's area. Michelle is Head of Marketing for North America, but actually for our global brands as well globally. We'll be primarily focused on our core heritage iconic brand.So we will have two big leaders focusing on these two areas. The part of the plan is ensuring that that we built and funded to do both, Kaumil. I mean that's what's the different about this plan. And the other thing is different is over the last few years, we've made a lot of progress in deleveraging, generating cash and delivering on our financial commitments. But in some respects we've done that and with this plan we're now able to do both.
Gavin Hattersley: Vivien, great points, right. But I think that ideas and breakthrough marketing and breakthrough innovation will lead the charge and we intend to be at the forefront of that. We've seen what can happen when you bring breakthrough innovation. The seltzer category is a fine example of that. And under our revitalization plan, it's our intent that we are the leader in many of these new capabilities and new brands. We've got a great distribution network and we've got a tremendous chain team, which does – that does a very good job of making sure that we get our fair share of space on the shelf. And I think in combination, we will have the result that we're looking for, which has substantially improved above premium percentage of our portfolio.Part of what I also said was we’ll be making choices and choices sometimes means that we will – we won't focus on brands, which are in meaningful decline or SKUs that are in meaningful decline. And we'll put our resources and focus on the growth areas of our business, which is above premium. We think that algorithm works for us. We think 2020 will be a transition year as we move towards that with growth coming in 2021.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Lauren. Look we've made a lot of progress, as I said, in the last few years, deleveraging and generating cash and delivering on the financial commitments that we made at the time of the acquisition of the 58% of MillerCoors that we didn't own. 2020 is a transition year for us. And we've – there's a lot of hard work to do to implement this revitalization plan. And you said that not all of our spend is going to come in on day one and not all of the cost savings are going to come in on day one. But yes, I do believe that given the work that we've done over the last few years and given the work that we've put into this plan and executing against this plan that we will have the money to put behind the breakthrough ideas and the beyond beer expansion that we want to do. You're seeing the results of that in 2021. Obviously, we'll have green shoots and we'll show them to you as we progressed over the next 12 to 15 months.
Gavin Hattersley: If you go back to – I mean it's part of our overall plan, Bryan, to modernize our brewery network and make us more flexible and more efficient and more able to be nimble in dealing with the changing consumer tastes and profiles that we've got. So, we just commissioned the Chilliwack brewery up in the Vancouver area where we've broken ground on the Montreal brewery and the Golden brewery – and some parts of the Golden brewery are pretty old. And so, this plan will modernize that and make it much more efficient. And again, that's also built into the guidance and its part of our capital plan that we've had for quite some time now, so nothing unusual yet.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Robert. Look, I mean, as I've said before, we routinely evaluate our optimal footprint by capacity and efficiency and we're going to continue to do that as the business required. But you’re right. I mean the fact that reforming one North American supply chain team under Brian's leadership is going to allow us to make decisions that are more streamlined, that are more coordinated and more effective and they’re more quick.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, thanks very much Steven. And if there are any additional questions that we weren't able to answer today, Tracey and I are planning to meet with many of you over the next few weeks to answer any clarifying questions that you may have. And in the meantime, you can always contact Mark Swartzberg if there are any more technical questions that you want to ask. So just in closing, I'm very excited about the plan that we've outlined. We're going to take more calculated risks. We're going to move fast. We're going to diversify our portfolio beyond beer. We are going to put the investment behind our iconic brands and our people and our capabilities in a way that we just simply haven't done before. We think we've got the ideas. We think you're seeing the breakthrough marketing that we can come with. And we believe that this plan can get us back to consistent topline growth over the medium-term. So thanks very much for your attention today.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So let me pick-up the buyback, Kevin. So we look at our capital allocation model in three buckets. We look at returning cash to shareholders. We just have increased our dividend this last quarter. We announced that earlier this year, so increased it to the 20% to 25% trailing EBITDA. And we look at back – of strengthening our balance sheet, and as Gavin said, maintaining our investment grade rating is really important, but continuing to pay down our debt. And then the third bucket is investing behind growth and the revitalization plan that Gavin has laid-off has got the incremental investment behind our brands and our business. When we look at our capital allocation, we obviously run all of the investments through our PET model. We have discussions with our finance committee around capital allocation and but at this point in time we are focusing on those three buckets as I've mentioned.
Tracey Joubert: Yes certainly and soon we will give more guidance in Q4 around our COGS for next year. But certainly we've had a look at number of inputs commodities. We've continued to see inflation this year. So we'll build that into our plans for next year and we have full setting to our plans for next year, but – and if I can ask if you can wait until our Q4 call, we'll give you more details on our COGS guidance for next year.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So as Gavin said and we've reiterated a number of times, investment grade rating is very important to us. And so the plan that we've laid out does take that into account.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, again, we’re going to give more detailed CapEx guidance in Q4, when we give our guidance for the 2020 year. So if you don't mind waiting until then, Bryan, we can get into a bit more detail.
Tracey Joubert: Hi, Robert. Yes. So, going into that $1.1 billion as you see lower EBITDA, there is slightly higher CapEx. And again, we'll give more detailed guidance on that in Q4. It’s slightly higher than the current year that we’re planning for the higher cash taxes next year. Again, I don't want to give you an absolute number. We'll talk about tax rates and that again. But we took a lot of opportunities with the tax reform last year and this year. So cash taxes, we're not going to get that benefit – going forward as bigger benefit as we got. And then the other item that I just want to mention as well is the working capital. And over the last couple of years, we've got tremendous opportunities that we've delivered around our working capital. And that's just getting more and more difficult to be able to deliver the same kind of quantum on there. So I would say that's the other missing piece for consideration on the free cash flow.
Tracey Joubert: Right. I mean, there's no doubt, Steve, that in the short-term it will be a little distracting. I would say that our restructuring is less focused on the front end of the business and larger on the back end of the business, which is a positive. So our objective is to make sure that our retail customers and our distributor network are as little impacted as possible. But we're going to move with great speed and hope to get this done in quite quick order. Obviously, there are some things which will take longer to do than others. Sure, it's hard, but not changing, not really an option for us because we want to make sure that we have the funding resources for the future and we believe that this plan does exactly that.
