Mark R. Hunter: Thank you, Rachel, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and many thanks for joining us today. With me in the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Stewart Glendinning, our International CEO; Sam Walker, our Global Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, our Global VP of Investor Relations. Today, Tracey and I will take you through the highlights of our third quarter and year-to-date results, along with some perspective regarding the balance of 2017. Consistent with last quarter, we're also offering slides that show both reported and constant-currency results for both the quarter and year-to-date. You can view and follow along with these slides using the link on the Investor Relations page of our website. The Molson Coors Brewing Company will deliver growth and long-term shareholder value through our first choice for consumer and customer approach, an expanded international business, the delivery of integration savings, ongoing cost savings, a more efficient global organization and a relentless drive for financial performance. Our focus is to deliver both top and bottom line growth. Year-to-date, we've delivered worldwide brand volume growth, driven by our global priority brands. And on a constant-currency basis, NSR per hectoliter is up 2.4% as our portfolio premiumization has driven pricing and mix benefits around the globe. To this point, in terms of progress, above-premium brand volumes increased 19% in the quarter and 20% for the year. And with this strong growth, our above-premium brands now represent 18% of our total volumes. At the same time, we've improved our EBITDA margins this year while investing in the business, with underlying EBITDA margins up by nearly 40 basis points year-to-date. Our 2017 underlying free cash flow generation has been strong. We begun delevering our balance sheet and we're generating cost savings ahead of our plan, which has helped to mitigate higher-than-anticipated input cost inflation. Now, a question I get when I talk with investors is, how we prioritize our top and bottom line goals? And the management team and our board address this important point as follows. We, first, will drive margin expansion and bottom line growth by delivering cost savings, ensuring efficient brand investments and paying down debt. Second, we will drive an improved top line through our commercial excellence approach, which provides a more sustainable source of profit growth over the medium to long term. This is our order of priority. Additionally, we will maintain our profit focus and our continued drive for total shareholder return through PACC or profit after capital charge, which is our capital allocation tool. So, one year on from the close of the MillerCoors transaction, the bigger, better and stronger Molson Coors is driving a cohesive and distinctive First Choice commercial agenda, an expanded international business, a more efficient global organization and a relentless focus on financial performance, all underpinned by highly engaged employees who are playing to win. And with that as a backdrop, I'll now turn over to Tracey to give financial highlights.
Mark R. Hunter: Vivien, let me pick that up. And obviously, being based here in Colorado, we're very familiar with cannabis, as it's been legalized here. And clearly this is something that, as the whole legal landscape continues to change, we're actively working to understand. We have a team of people working on that. We're looking at potential impacts and/or the opportunities associated with and we're developing a range of responses. Those will be discussed across our executive team and our boards and there'll be more to follow in due course. I don't think we have any statement beyond that to make at this point in time. I think the important thing is to make sure we don't get caught in some kind of adrenaline rush. We're very thoughtful, very purposed and we're very clear on how we want to respond to both what could be challenges and what also could be opportunities. So, more to come in due course.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. I mean, I think the only thing I would add to that, Gavin and Robert, is that right across our business, building our capability around pricing and revenue management is central to our whole commercial excellence approach. And if you look at the U.S., Canada and Europe, you're seeing very solid progress when you look at how we're managing one of the critical components of our top line and that's our revenue per hectoliter. So, I feel pleased with progress and we'll continue to focus in that area.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. And then, Judy, just on your first point, I mean just to clarify, I didn't say cost savings was our number one priority. What I said is when you look at our drive to improve both our top and bottom line, clearly, our number one priority is to make sure we're delivering on the bottom line both from a EBITDA margin expansion, absolute EBITDA growth and free cash flow focus and clearly getting our top line moving is a priority, second priority, because it's the best source of sustainable profit growth over the medium to longer term. So, both of those things have got to work in tandem, but we've got to make sure we deliver on our bottom line financial performance. I'm encouraged by the fact that if you look at our cost saving plan – the three-year cost saving plan of $550 million over the three years, we're off to a great start in 2017. That's coming in stronger and faster than we had expected. We're not going update that cost savings guidance at this stage. If there was any update, we would do that as we kick off our 2018. So, continuing to look for more efficient investments to drive our synergies, to further take costs out of the business, to drive productivity and efficiency behind our marketing expenditure is all important. And again, I've reiterated a number of occasions that myself and the management team are ensuring that we're retaining flexibility in our P&L. If trading conditions are slightly tougher than anticipated, we have got the ability to flex our P&L to protect and develop our bottom line. So, there's quite a lot in there, but hopefully that gives you a sense as to what we're really driving against as a leadership team.
Mark R. Hunter: So, if I get behind your question, Mark, I think what you're asking is, are we going to spend a level irrespective of the impact that just drives flat volume? And again, I've been very consistent that we're not driving for flat volume and growth in the U.S. at any cost. We've been very clear that, that strategic ambition is, I think, very, very appropriate. We want our business back into growth in the U.S. Clearly, that was assumed against a backdrop of U.S. industry volume, which was probably closer to flat. U.S. industry volumes are not as strong as that. So, it may take a little bit longer to get there. It doesn't change our strategic intent in the U.S. and you've seen a couple of indications as how we want to build out our portfolio with Sol and Arnold Palmer. We continue to work on other initiatives that hopefully will flow through as well in due course. So, just coming back to the specifics of your question, we'll spend a level that's appropriate to build our portfolio and also continue to drive strong financial performance in the U.S. So, Gavin, I don't know whether you'd want to add any additional color around that.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. So, I mean, I think it's fair to say we've come through both Q2 and Q3 and industry demand in the U.S. has been more sluggish than it was anticipated. And again, we've been consistent that we're retaining flexibility in our P&L to ensure that we've got levers to pull if volume isn't coming through as anticipated. We did that through the third quarter. Clearly, some parts of a discretionary spend is more fixed than others if you're in big contract, for example, and sponsorships, but whether it's the U.S., Canada or our other business units, we retain that flexibility to offset any volume weakness. Clearly, you can do that up to a certain point. And I think we've demonstrated our ability to do as we've come through the third quarter. Again, that's very consistent with how we've thought about managing our P&L over the course of the last 12 to 18 months.
Mark R. Hunter: Well, we're very pleased with our performance on Miller Lite in particular. It continues to grow share and it's doing well in a declining segment. Coors Light has admittedly had a challenging year, but we believe we've got the right campaign with Climb On and we need to build on that campaign and bring the world's most refreshing beer more directly to the fore. So, we're very happy with our two offerings in the Premium Light segment, Pablo.
Mark R. Hunter: We didn't, Bryan, and I think if you're looking for comparisons or read-across from ourself against our biggest competitor, clearly, there was slightly different circumstances because our major breweries in the areas that were affected by hurricanes weren't really impacted in the same way. So, I mean clearly, there's been some impact, but we didn't call it out as a material impact on our volume performance.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. So, Pablo, let me pick up on that. So, firstly, we haven't doubled underlying corporate expenses. There's a chunk in there's, it's about $35 million, which is really one-time cost related to some of the synergy capture. So, you've got to make sure that you reverse that out. And we were very clear earlier this year that if you look at our corporate G&A line, there's a difference of about $50 million year-on-year based on the guidance. About 40% of that is really a shift in costs around our business as we've moved some people who were working at a business unit-specific level to take on broader global jobs. So, that's just really a movement of money around our business. Another slice of that relates to our global growth team and a big piece of that investment relates to the Miller trademark globally, so as we pull that brand into our business. I mentioned on the script that we're changing the packaging on Miller Lite in 20 countries concurrently. That's a massive effort. And we're driving that centrally, because it's the fastest way to kind of deploy that kind of change in the marketplace. So, the investment behind the Miller trademark will remain in that corporate cost. So, again, that doesn't become an incremental headwind as we go into 2018. I think, clearly, we've got start-up costs for things like a World Class Supply Chain 2.0, introduction of global shared services and again, they are now embedded in our cost structure for this year and are not a headwind as we go into next year. We'll update on our guidance for 2018 corporate G&A in February, but we'll be working very hard to make sure that that's kind of contained, at worse, flat and more to follow in the specifics around that in due course.
Mark R. Hunter: Vivien, are you sure you haven't changed jobs, because this is a high focus for you, that's for sure.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. I mean I'm not going to get into when we established the team, et cetera. I mean, clearly, as we look across the landscape of both opportunities and challenges, where we've got people working on a whole variety of fronts, which includes this front, so I don't think I need to go into the detail on that. Clearly, in Colorado, we're actually seeing the beer industry relatively healthy. So, it's very difficult if you look across different states in the U.S. to get a consistent read. So, we've got a team of people working on it. There's a range of insights are being developed. And as I've said, we'll work through the implications, both good, bad or indifferent, and more to follow on that. I just don't want to be drawn on it. I think it's competitively sensitive. And as I've said, we've got to be deliberate and thoughtful about how we respond in due course. So, more to follow in due course and I really don't think there's any value in getting into any of the detail beyond that at this stage.
Mark R. Hunter: Hey, Robert, I think you're aware we stopped giving kind of short-term volume guidance. I mean, you've got access to the news and data the same as we are. So, we're not going to be drawn on a few weeks' trends. I just refer you to the publicly available news and data.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. Thanks, Rachel, and thank you to everybody for joining us today for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company and we look forward to speaking with you again at our forthcoming investor meetings and as we get to our Q4 results. So, thanks for your interest. Bye for now, everybody.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Thanks and good morning, Laurent. The distributor inventory was reduced in the third quarter, because we had higher-than-planned levels at the end of the second quarter, which is something we called out on the last conference call. Distributed inventories into the third quarter were actually in line with the prior-year levels and that's for sure helped us improve our service to our customers as we've had almost 50% reduction in out of stocks compared to the last year. I'd also make a point that the third-quarter STWs were negatively impacted because we had one fewer trading day in the quarter. So, year-to-date, our trading-day-adjusted domestic STRs are down about 2.3% and our domestic STWs are down 3.8%. And on a full-year basis, we would anticipate that these numbers would converge as we expect distributed inventories compared to the prior year increase a little bit by a day or two in support of the go-live of our Golden system ordering tool early next year. Having said all that, we do expect full-year domestic STWs to be slightly below our comparable STR change, because the build-up at the end of 2016 was larger than I expected build-up at the end of 2017. So, a lot of detail there. I hope that answers the question.
Gavin Hattersley: Right. What I mean, Robert, as you know, a number of different factors go into our domestic NSR per hectoliter. We've got things that we've talked about in the past like FET drawbacks and freight and fuel revenue adjustments which we make, and then, of course, there's frontline pricing and product promotions and sales mix. I mean in the quarter, sales mix was actually negative because of the success that we had behind our economy strategy. At the same time, we had tremendous progress on Blue Moon Belgian White, which continues to grow and grow strongly as one of the few large cross-brands in the country that is actually growing. And we had a record performance from Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy. So, pleasing progress on our above-premium portfolio. And, as Mark said, we put a constant focus on our revenue management initiatives and that's an ongoing effort.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, I can, Mark. Thanks. Look. Judy, I mean – as I said, that we would expect to be closer to shipping to consumption for the full year as we – so, those two will converge in the fourth quarter. So, put simplistically, STWs will probably be slightly better than STRs in the fourth quarter, yes.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. I would say, Tristan, probably two-thirds to three-quarters of our distributors have Corona, roughly. Look, I think it's really early for us on Sol. We've only had it since the 1st of October. We've seen a lot of excitement from our distributors. We've seen it from our retailers. The transition is going well. It's been a tremendous cross-functional effort over the last few months. We're working closely with Heineken in Mexico to ensure a smooth transition and we're excited about it. It's a very sessionable lager, it's got a great brand story. It's been around for a tremendously long period of time since 1899 and it fills a nice gap in our portfolio, which we've been under pressure to fill that gap on the Mexican portfolio. Now, we've got Sol and we're excited about it.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Lots of questions within that one question limit mark. So, let me try and address it. Look, I mean our third quarter STR volumes were down 2.9%. It was a little worse than the earlier track record and I think it's safe to say that the industry had a tough summer. If you look at the various components in the three segments as you call it out, economy, we're very pleased with the progress we've made in economy. We've set our target two years ago that we wanted to halve the decline in our economy portfolio and maintain share and we've achieved that and in fact we grew share in the third quarter. So we're very pleased with that outcome. Premium Light's had a tough summer for a variety of reasons. There was a significant discounting from a spirits point of view. On-premise traffic, to answer your channel-specific question, had declined during the prior year. Millennials are going out less. Latino shoppers changed their shopping behavior in 2017. We'd – certainly, we're impacted by the two hurricanes that we had, which would obviously have a short-term negative impact on the industry, but a more positive impact going forward. And, again, on above-premium, we're making really nice progress on this. Blue Moon continues to grow and grow well. It's one of the few large craft brands in the country that are growing and we're pleased with that turnaround. Leinenkugel's Summer Shandy had a record summer. So, we were very pleased with the performance of that brand. Our four craft companies are doing really well and we've got Peroni, which has got growth, which is accelerating. Redd's needs more work from our side, but Redd's Wicked is doing particularly well. And we're excited by our proposition with Hard Soda and with Sparkling sell-throughs and believe both of those brands and the category are here to stay. So, I think I covered most of your questions in that answer, Pablo and Mark.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah, we're back to normal service, Mark, across the board. And from a brewery point of view, as you said, we have virtually no disruptions at our Fort Worth brewery and the Albany brewery was down for two days, but picked back up very quickly. So, no real impact.
Pablo Zuanic: Look, just I wanted to stay within the one question limit, but maybe for Gavin, when we look at the STRs in the first half, they were down 2%, in the third quarter, down 2.9%. Can you just say – indicate at a portfolio level whether the three buckets worsen or something worse than more than the other? By the three buckets, I mean, you know your value brands, which I think is 30% of volumes, your mainstream brands, and then what, above mainstream. So, you can give color in that regard. And then, related to that, whether – you can also answer the same question on a channel basis relative to the trends in the first half, did on-premise worsen more than off-premise? I suppose the hurricanes affect more on-premise business than off-premise. If you can comment on that please, Gavin. And if I may – I'm allowed, will like to ask a follow-up. Thanks.
Pablo Zuanic: As you are trying to address the – as you're trying to improve the STR trends, I mean, obviously value and above-mainstream are doing better than before, right? But overall trends are not improving, they are worsening. So, the key issue boils down to Miller Lite and Coors Light and is that brand-specific or is it segment-specific? Thanks.
Pablo Zuanic: Thank you. Just for Tracey. So, I look at EBITDA margin expansion in MillerCoors in the third quarter, very impressive given that you had this operating deleverage with shipments being down 7%, but that's being masked, obviously, by this doubling of corporate expenses. So, two questions there. When we think about 2018, are those corporate expenses continue to be a headwind or are they going to be pretty much flat year-on-year in absolute terms? And the second question related to all of this, we talk about shifting media from production to customer-facing and those type of things, but how are these corporate expenses, whether we call them centers of excellence or other things, how are they going to help the top line anyway? Thanks.
