David Dunnewald: Yes. That's a good question, Ian. Really one of the primary drivers that -- for -- essentially changing our situation with distribution with Tradeteam in the U.K. was, essentially, to improve the rates and therefore the improving ongoing economics of the situation for us. Spencer did allude to that earlier, we do expect better rates.
David Dunnewald: Fair question. I would say no, it's not a, I call it, a direct indication of what we think the probabilities of keeping or not keeping the contract. Really, the asset value on our books is driven by a range of probability-weighted scenarios. Then when we take those in total, we've cited that there was appropriate value of that tangible asset downward.
David Dunnewald: So when we look at our, essentially, forecast and, therefore, target for free cash flow for the year, there are a lot of factors that go into that. And yes, I guess, to the extent that there's cash used for restructuring and that will be part of it. However, keep in mind that in 2013, we had some substantial restructuring going on in various parts of the business. So I would not call that a major driver of the change and the difference between 2013 and 2012. And also one other point, the actual restructuring costs are excluded from our underlying free cash flow calculation. I guess that's your main answer right there.
David Dunnewald: Yes, that is the biggest single factor. We do have a bit of a CapEx increase in Canada, which we talked about on the earlier call. So -- but, yes, primarily it's related to working capital.
David Dunnewald: We might be able to give you a little bit of guidance around that. Let's see, that was on a full year basis. As we roll through the year, let's just say that our marketing and sales spending was roughly in line with our expectations.
David Dunnewald: Not at this point, no. You know our philosophy, right? I mean, we intend to invest behind our brands, innovation above premium and core brands are the primary focus. And we have a bias to invest when we have good ideas and good opportunities to drive those brands. So we've generally had, not only a strong level of investment, but generally, unless there's a -- there was a, how do you say it, something duplicative. For example, if you put 2 businesses together, something like that. Or there are other situations where there may be a way to cut marketing and sales spending and still maintain the impact. With the exception of those situations, generally, we've had similar or moderately increasing marketing and sales spend over a longer period of time.
David Dunnewald: Oh, yes. Okay, Brian is correcting me, we don't have it by region in the K. We've -- but you do have visibility or you will have visibility when we file it over the next -- in the next few days. That's the anticipated filing time. A visibility to MillerCoors and then the pensions -- the rest of the company essentially.
David Dunnewald: Yes. So what I'd tell you is that the savings in 2013 lean toward MG&A. And we expect that as we move further into some of the cost savings initiatives that we have going on, those will migrate so that they lean a bit more toward COGS in the future, over the coming years, so to speak. And by the way, the cost savings will also tend to migrate toward Canada this year, relative to last year when they were more heavily centered in the U.K.
David Dunnewald: No, that's the big one. Brian is saying he's not aware of any other significant ones. You have minor shift because the days don't line up exactly or whatever. But the number of days should be essentially consistent through the year. And now, at the end of 2014, we will have a period that's slightly -- 3 days shorter than the fourth quarter of 2013. So that will be a comparison challenge, I guess. So that's the main issue to be aware of.
David Dunnewald: Yes. Okay, so a few questions there. On Europe outlook volume or, call it, performance of the market, no, I'm not going to provide a crystal ball on that one. As you know, the eurozone has been very challenged, particularly over the last 2 years. What I can say is that our business, within the context of that very difficult situation, has actually performed relatively well. I mean, you can see that show up in the share numbers and the profit numbers and the pricing numbers and so on. So pricing actually has been -- has held up despite the difficult situation there. You've seen some negative mix in Europe, and that is driven mostly by -- I mean a little bit of channel mix going on there. But, primarily, it's more geographic as in when our sales tend to -- the total sales mix by country, if it increases in places where the revenue per hectoliter, for example, is not as favorable, then you will see a negative mix impact on the NSR line. However, one other effect of that, aside from just tight cost control, is the cost of goods also has -- can have an advantage there, too. Because in the markets where NSR is lower, in some cases, the cost of goods are also lower. And for some pack types, the same thing could be said. It's lower NSR, but it's also lower COGS in a particular market or in a particular channel, the same -- you can get the same effect.
David Dunnewald: It is underlying -- oh, sorry. Leverage target. Yes. Well, we have to look at a number of different targets when we talk about leverage. The 2 that we generally talked about are the most conservative one, which is the S&P kind of leverage ratio. And that would include lots of liabilities beyond debt. And there we've talked about getting that ratio in the range of bellow 3x adjusted EBITDA, as S&P called it. And then from -- but actually, the most commonly used metric is net debt, which you referred to. And that one we're getting in the range of just south of 2 -- 2x underlying EBITDA. That's the goal on that one. And they kind of move in tandem, if you know what I mean, because they have different denominators and different numerators.
David Dunnewald: Okay. Great. Well, thank you. Okay. Thanks, Ryan. In closing, we'd like to thank all of you for your interest in Molson Coors and for joining us today. If you have additional questions that we did not cover during our time this afternoon, please call Kevin Kim or me on our direct lines or at the main number here at Molson Coors, which is (303) 927-BEER or 927-2337. Thank you again, and have a great day.
Ian Shackleton: Yes. So, I mean, for FY '14, there will be some benefit coming through in Europe and the U.K. from that.
Ian Shackleton: I said the $70 million was from the December 2012 balance sheet. And obviously, we would've expected it would moderate slightly through the year. So it will be a slightly low number anyway at December 30, even if you did not have the write off.
Ian Shackleton: So the main -- just coming back to the sort of main reconciliation to -- cash flow will be effectively targeted to almost 200 million light. I mean it's mainly the working capital as a swing factor here.
