Gavin Hattersley: Thanks. Good morning, Eric. Look, we believe that the seltzer category is here to stay. Let's be clear about that. And Molson Coors plans to compete in this space aggressively. And we are going to have a multi-pronged approach to attacking that space. Having said that, the key premise with our approach is to drive incrementality by being a very clear point of difference to that of the competition.And as you referenced, this year we are introducing Vizzy which we think does have clear points of difference with the competition. It will be the first-type seltzer made with acerola cherry, which is a super fruit higher in the antioxidant, vitamin C. And there's no reason to believe that this isn't going to resonate very well with consumers and particularly that 25 to 39-year-old male and female that choose to drink, but are looking for potentially better choices.I'm not going to get into details of how much exactly that we're investing, but we've got a very robust campaign that launches around the same time as Vizzy hits the shelf. It's going to include national TV. It will have digital, social, out-of-home advertising and a very strong sampling effort.This is going to be our biggest bid yet on the hard seltzer segment, which we think will reach a couple of billion dollars in sales this year. As far as the response from our distributors and retail is concerned, we've had an excellent response. There is a lot of excitement and anticipation for this brand. So we're excited about it.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I think, Eric, just reiterating what I said, right, is we think that we need to have a clear point of differentiation to our competition. And where we find a clear point of differentiation, we will drive into that in a meaningful way. Our current is Vizzy, which is what we're going to put a lot of time and effort behind it.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Bryan. I mean the short answer is yes. We're getting a lot of support, a lot of excitement behind Coors Light from our network. Certainly the most -- since I've been in this chair and when I was in the MillerCoors as well. The MillerCoors platform is stronger. Results are strong. The brand achieved its best quarterly STR trends since the first quarter of 2017.It accelerated segment share gains in the fourth quarter behind the new creative and we're going to invest meaningfully behind this platform in 2020. It's brought relevance back to the brand again. It's back in the lives of new legal-drinking-age consumers, its back in the cultural landscape, and its momentum is heading in the right direction Bryan. And we're just getting started. But the short answer to your question is yes; our wholesalers are very excited about it.
Gavin Hattersley: Yeah. Look I mean I would be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space. I do think though that there's going to be movements within that. So, in large format I think you'll see some of the slow-moving lines in craft and seltzers and some of the adjacencies like FMBs and sides. We'll probably take some losses to create new space for a lot of these innovations that are coming particularly the growth of seltzer.I mean initial indications would appear that the biggest loss is taking place with craft, which the assortment of that has just expanded significantly over the past 15 years. I think in small format it's a little different. Seltzer is making aggressive inroads on distribution in both single-serves and multipack. And I would say more space is probably coming from economy as well as craft in less developed, which -- because craft is less developed than it is in large format.But again the short answer to your question is, I'll be disappointed if we didn't increase our shelf space with some of the innovations that we're bringing. And certainly the indications from our retailers and our distributor partners is that that will hold true and will expand both.
Gavin Hattersley: No. Sorry Andrea. You misunderstood me there. I said the -- what I meant to say was the seltzer category will get into the $1 billion as a category. I mean, I would be delighted if Vizzy did, but that's not what I said. I think the total category will be there.As far as the two business units is concerned we're obviously setting the European and North American businesses up as stand-alone operations, because we believe that strong regional leadership will be able to make decisions much quicker. It will streamline decision-making. It will remove bureaucracy, which perhaps slowed us down. It'll certainly make us more nimble and quick. And it's a very short distance between folk that are asking for decisions and the actual decision-makers. So we think that having two separate stand-alone business units is going to make us much better as an organization, much stronger in both Europe and in North America.So we're actually already seeing the signs of that, where we've been able to bring campaigns with some of our global brands to market, much quicker than we have in the past outside the Coors Light campaign in the United Kingdom as a fine example of that. So we're particularly excited about the nimbleness of this new structure will bring us.
Gavin Hattersley: Lot capital allocation is the critical decision that we make. But if you're asking me indirectly are we planning to sell Europe? The answer is no.
Gavin Hattersley: We're very excited about the multipronged approach that we're using to attack the seltzer space, Andrea. I think I said on our third quarter earnings call that we will have a string of pearls' approach to M&A. It's worked very well for us in the past and we've had many more successes with the small bolt-on acquisitions that give us capability and exposure to spaces that we haven't had. And if successful and we intend to continue along that path.We really did that in the fourth quarter with the large but minority stake in Libations and we have an agreement to acquire Atwater in the – hopefully the first quarter of this year. That's an approach that's worked for us. It's worked for us very well in Europe with a number of success stories out there with Doom Bar and Aspall Cider and the repatriation of our Staropramen brand. So if it works for us, then we're going to continue driving on that path.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. Good morning to you. Look, 2020 is a transition year for us. It's going to take time to get the $150 million of savings out of the business. And we're implementing major actions that are fundamentally going to impact our portfolio, and many of these actions are going to take time for us to impact the top line.I think I said earlier on, innovations take time to scale, and spending more money on marketing, doesn't necessarily have a day one positive impact. We believe that the changes that we're making now which are meaningful will set us up for success in 2021. We're also taking very seriously the industry trends that we're seeing in Canada and the impact that those trends are having on our overall business and the overall topline of our business.We're obviously implementing the revitalization plan in Canada as well and we'll be investing more behind those brands. But you know -- Canada has been in decline for quite some time and it's not a trend that we're going to be able to reverse overnight, having said that, we're working very hard to do exactly that.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks Kevin. Look I mean, it's not an either/or, right, it's a both end. We need to focus across our portfolio and we've been quite clear about the fact that our core brands in the United States, in Europe and in Canada remain a very important part of our business. And so we will increase the spend behind those brands going forward.Having said that, the bulk of our increased spend will be in the above premium space. We need as I've said to fundamentally reshape our portfolio. We've done that successfully in the United Kingdom.We're about 30% of the – of their portfolio is now in the above-premium space. And if I recall correctly Canada is at about 20%-odd. And obviously we've got a lot of ground to make up in the United States. And that's why most of our investment -- increased investment is going to be in the above-premium space and beyond beer in the U.S..To that end, we launched Cape Line in 2019 which was a top share gainer in Nielsen for us, I think it was 14 straight weeks. We've introduced Sol Chelada. We're introducing Sol Lemon. I probably pronounced that incorrectly. We've got Belgian Moon up in Canada which grew strong double digits. In Europe, we've made progress and we'll continue to invest in above-premium.I think I answered the seltzer question earlier on. There's not much more I can say to that other than that we're making a big bet behind Vizzy and we're very excited about how it's being received by retailers and distributors alike. We're expanding beyond the Bira with Movo.I think the speed at which we are moving and the quantity of ideas that we're bringing to the marketplace has energized our network as -- I haven't seen it this way for quite some time. So we've obviously got a lot of work to do, but I'm pleased with the progress that we've seen across our portfolio.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Lauren. Look, Blue Moon -- just to start at the top. Blue Moon grew in 2019 globally. So very excited about that, just for starters. Secondly, we tested Blue Moon Light Sky extensively and consumers absolutely love the taste. It's a lighter, more sessionable beer that is going to really be complementary and provide a halo effect to Blue Moon Belgian White.It's been in the marketplace for two weeks. The reception from our distributors has been very strong. Their orders are meaningfully higher than what we had anticipated and we're obviously working very hard to make as much Blue Moon Light Sky as we can. But I would caution you, Lauren. It's two weeks. But so far it's being extraordinarily well received.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. That's a great question. And, obviously, I'm excited about all our innovation. And I'm not going to handicap which one is going to turn out to be the best this year, Lauren. Time will obviously tell. But each of them are unique in their own way. They're all attacking a different part of the segment. And best way for me to answer that question is, time will tell.
Gavin Hattersley: Lauren, that is still to come. It's not in Canada yet, but it will be soon. So as far as the revitalization plan is concerned, obviously, the restructuring took place with the U.S. business in the fourth quarter of 2019. But the Coors Light campaign specifically is still to hit. I'm pleased with the progress that the team has made in aligning innovation and our global brands between United States and Canada in our North American business unit. And I think you'll start seeing the impact of that as the year progresses.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. A lot to unpack there Laurent, but let me try and do that. So, I would point you to the performance of Miller Lite and Coors Light in 2019 when seltzers were exploding. And according to Nielsen, the trend has continued of gaining share for those two brands for the last five years.Our performance on Miller Lite and its 21st consecutive quarter and it actually grew STR volume in Q4 in the face of this seltzer trend. So, the brand is holding its own in the total category. In fact it was pretty flat not just in the premium light segment, but in the total beer category.And as a combination Miller Lite and Coors Light outperformed the combination of Bud Light, Michelob Ultra, and Michelob Ultra Gold in terms of industry share. So, this notion that a lot of the seltzer volume is coming from premium light is not necessarily supported by the facts that are underlying the Miller Lite and Coors Light's performance.Coors Light gained segment share for the third straight quarter directionally improved its performance had the best quarterly STR trend since 2017. So, we believe that our marketing is resonating. We're going to put more effort and money behind that at the same time as we are going to enter the seltzer category.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks Andrea. Look I know there may be additional questions that we weren't able to get to. So, please follow up with Greg and Tracy and I look forward to talking with many of you as the year progresses. So, thanks everybody for participating on the call.
