Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Good morning, Wendy. The $1.1 billion is after taking into account the cost required to deliver the synergies. 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes, thank you, Judy so the two items that you mention are correct. What I refer you to the call that we are going to have afterwards led by Dave and you will be able to bridge that. Now the other factor that you are missing there, is the fact that our interest cost went down from that preliminary number of $5.72 that we had given use of the third component that gets you to the EPS, but we will give you a more detailed walk on the comp. 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes, Judy, look at this point we are just given -- we are going to give you the underlying free cash flow projection for 2017. I would encourage you to a little bit later on we post to the pro forma on our website, you can do your calculations there. Obviously, when you do kind of the back of the envelope math that you can do there, you would think about the free cash flow generation for MillerCoors [ph] and the free cash the generation for Molson Coors [ph] pre the acquisition and you would get to a level of maybe $1.3 billion, $1.4 billion. Now there are obviously some tailwinds that are represented in the form of the $275 million of cash tax benefits but also some headwinds because we have a significant interest expense increase of around $250 million per annum because of the acquisition financing.  There is additional G&A expense from the step up, due to the fair value re-measurement required by purchase accounting of around $17 million, and there's higher income taxes because now we on the other 58% of MillerCoors so we’re paying additional taxes of around $200 or we will be paying additional taxes around $200 million in 2017 versus what we did before. 
Mauricio Restrepo: No, that $350 million number is what we will be spending, that will be a one-time expenditure but it will be spread over the three-year period. 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes hi, Mark this is a Mauricio. Look we haven't given a specific breakout of the $250 million than to say about half of that would be additional CapEx and half of that would be additional OpEx. Know if you think about the nature of the cost savings are going to deliver including the synergies a lot of the delivery of the synergies will be happening probably towards the latter part of the three-year period which means that actually the investment to deliver those synergies will be weighted towards years one and two. We haven't really given it a specific amount of how much of that will specifically hit 2017. As for the headwinds and tailwinds, the $275 million of cash tax savings obviously that's a tailwind for the next 15 years. The additional interest expense, because of the Company financing, again that something that is going to be there for the foreseeable future, as will the additional DNA expense. Obviously even though that's a non-cash item but something is honestly also going to be there is a generator of those cash tax savings. 
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Hi, Brian. So with respect to the cost savings -- I mean some of the items that you allude to, that you alluded to during your questions are indeed in there. So for example, the savings that will come from the Eden Brewery closure are included in there. The work that we are continuously doing in terms of looking at our procurement in addition to the savings related to procurement that are in the synergy number and as Mark referenced to earlier, we made a concerted effort to ensure that we've separated what is sort of business as usual savings which as you know a way of doing business here from the piece that's going to come specifically from the synergies. There are also other savings that are coming from looking at our supply chain network that are not included in the synergy piece of the optimization of the North America supply chain grid. So just a lot of savings that are coming from our business as usual run-of-the-mill, running the business vis-à-vis the synergies that have specifically to do with those three buckets that we alluded to earlier.
Mark Hunter: Yes, we could get lost in lots of detail here, Wendy, and across all of our businesses using Coors Light go from strength to strength and I think what's at the heart of that is the clarity of the positioning of the brand which is distinctive and consistent. So I've said in the past I would rather spend less money on a great idea that more money on a poor idea and actually I think we’ve got clarity on a position in a great creative platform certainly across our international U.S and our European business. We have now started to transfer the U.S creative platform into our Canada business as well and as we've done that we've seen our brand held scores accelerate in Canada to the last couple of quarters though I really think it comes down to the differentiation and consistency of the positioning. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks, Vivien. Let me deal with that. So if you remember at the time we announced the agreement to acquire Miller's tours business we did some quick reasonably well informed analysis on the cost savings opportunity and we suggested it would be around $200 million over four years. Will have the benefit of very, very detailed planning over the course of the last eight or nine months and that work has unearthed further opportunities and really in the detailed planning that's allowed us to move with more pace and set a target that's materially higher than our initial target. 
Mark Hunter: We haven't given any color on the proportionality of the cost savings, but the three areas that we've flagged historically in terms of procurement, North American supply chain, shared services, we've endorsed those numbers that we had originally and some areas they have improved. And in addition to that we've unlocked some additional synergies in the area of IT systems as we consolidate are IT infrastructure and worker pushing out into areas around commercial as well particularly North American level as we look at efficiency of our accretive platforms there, so. But in the roundness still pretty much the same errors we identified initially and hopefully would expect that because of familiarity with the Business is high. So we went into this with a reasonably good estimate of where we could drive the volume. 
Mark Hunter: Pablo, it is Mark here. Clearly to your first question I'm not going to conduct a performance review over our quarterly earnings call or get into detail as to why our board believes that I am the right leader for this business and why I believe Gavin is the right leader for this business. I will let the track record speak for ourselves, we are both seasoned professionals who have been the beer industry for a long period of time, given significant change across many businesses, integrated businesses like Starbucks [ph] and driven this transaction at a rate on which on a valuation multiple, I think it is utterly compelling for our business so I'll just leave it there, I'm not going to talk in any more detail with you on that. Let me just backup one second you asked for Mauricio. What we have endeavored to do here is get full transparency and is sure that we are not duplicating any of the cost savings in our business and clearly we've now set a target for the next three years. We will update that on an annual basis. There was a lot of questions around synergies number and we have scale that up and picked up pace in the synergies number, and we've ensure that there is no duplication with the synergies they are not underlying cost-saving. And we will continue to test our sales if whether that number can be further improved, as we actually get into fully running the Business. But we feel it's a number we can meet and we will attempt to beat it makes sense as we look out at our business which, if you remember has very, very little geographical overlap we are going to try this by a number of restructuring initiatives, setting up things like shared services globally and we will get at that and we will update you if there is any new news on that number but we feel it's the right number for our business at this point in time. 
Mark Hunter: Thanks Pablo. Again I haven't given any guidance as to how we apportion cost savings, one of things that did indicate earlier this year was that we have now developed a small global growth group led by Kandy. That team will be looking for incremental opportunities to accelerate our topline performance clearly some of those opportunities will require incremental investment in our business. But we will look at those in the round as we aggregate our total Sales and Marketing spend across our business. I'm more interested in the quality of our marketing and I think there's plenty of examples. There's one of the US market one where people are competitors have been spending very aggressively but let's just say that incremental spend always buy you success.  I'm really focused on the quality and the marketing and the discipline of our execution, and will continue to drive efficiencies across our marketing spend, and if there's a return that makes sense for us as we will put it through the pack model and we will spend incrementally to generate additional return. We want to drive very hard on getting the top line moving in that will be a focus for us over the course of the next 24 to 36 month. I won't get any more specific. 
Mark Hunter: Brian, this is Mark. The other context point I will give you is over the course of the last three or four years, at an enterprise level we've tried to drive forward what we've described as a one way principles. So across our major functional areas to try and drive for consistency of approach and whether that's world-class supply chain, HR one way, and we're now introducing that from a commercial perspective in terms of our commercial excellence approach, really trying to drive for best practice orientation and consistency of approach wherever we can in the business and that's been one of the drivers for unlocking additional efficiency savings through our business. I think a big part has been in our world-class supply chain where we truly believe that we are world-class or close to world-class in many areas. So we will continue to crack the handle on that and drive as much value and efficiency as we can out of those areas while overlooking the synergy opportunity as well.
Mark Hunter: And Robert, Miller color there is, as an enterprise level we're committed to supporting putting Gavin and the team to make that happen. There has been lots of questions over the course of the last 12 to 18 months on how will we get there and we've tried to release simplified thinking into three specific areas; our economy, our below premium strategy, and many of you have asked about clarity on our thinking there, that's now been clarified and launched and generated a lot of excitement with their distributors. Many of you have asked about our ability to get Coors Light and Miller Lite growing at the same time and we are now doing that consistently and alongside them Coors Banquet is going from strength to strength. And we continue to drive the premiumization of our portfolio on the craft acquisitions and Henry's are great examples. Don't forget that Red's which is now such a significant brand didn't even exist just over three years ago. And my view is that we still have untapped opportunities in our own portfolio as well. So all of the component parts are there, a lot of it is down to how worthless we want to be from an execution perspective. But Gavin and the leadership team have driven a significant change in the ambition and energy and focus in our U.S. business and it's been great to see that happening and some quarters will be tougher than others but we are absolutely resolute on our ambition to get this business back into growth trajectory and as Gavin said, that's over the course of the next couple of years.
Mark Hunter: We haven't made any kind of public statements around that other than in markets like Panama, we have an existing partner there and we've transitioned across but I think I would probably save that maybe until our Q4 February call. Robert can give a filler update just because we are working through some of the finer detail at this point in time but where there is not a partner in place, there are TSA's, transitional service agreements in place and as I mentioned earlier, I mean some of the markets are doing better than we anticipated, some of the markets are going to take a bit more work to get back on the front so as you would expect in a transition of this nature but we'll get probably more color and a fuller update on our February call.
Mark Hunter: I just like to thank everybody for their continued interest at Molson Coors. We've opened a new chapter in the history of our business and as a leadership team, we are delighted to be leading the business forward from this position. And we look forward to updating you as we make our business bigger and stronger in the coming quarters ahead. So thank you for your continued interest in our business. Thanks, everybody.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, sure, thanks, Mark and thanks, Judy. Look you are right, three SCR volumes were down across all brand segments and reflective of the industry. Just as far as our expectations for, do you remember the long-term goals? So expectations are still to be flat in 2018 with growth in 2019, and yes we did see soft industry trends and you see that in our STR figure. But we have now for three straight quarters closed our volume gap with the industry. We've got some work to do on the segment, but we really like our portfolio there with the largest craft brand in the country with Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's was in the top five as well, as we made four acquisitions we're pleased about them, we've grown our flavored malt beverage shared meaningfully over the last year or so.  Our premium brands continue to perform well. Miller Lite gained share of the premium line segment for the eighth consecutive quarter, Judy, and Coors Light gain share for the sixth consecutive quarter we’ve reengaged the economy drinker and it's a high priority for us. And we've refinanced our economy strategy at the full distributor meeting, that was well received by our distribution network. Our above premium performance specifically was hindered by some of the performance on Blue Moon and Leinenkugel's, but particular seasonally and variety packs and as an industrywide trend and an issue we are addressing we have execution plans for early next year, but we are pleased with our performance on a brand like Grapefruit Shandy which doubled its volume.  So overall, Judy, it's one quarter and I'm pleased with the performance overall, particularly from a share point of view. 
Gavin Hattersley: Rather than get into the weeds on this call, can I suggest we heard the question and I can give you an answer, so Dave and the team will pick it up this afternoon we will try to give you a bridge to give you the clarity. 
Gavin Hattersley: Best way to deal with the question, appreciate the question we will get a response and take you through that and this afternoon's call. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, anything I can add to that, pretty much what you said, I mean there's tons of choice and there's not a lot of floor space, velocity retail is important, so that's why our building with beer program which we launched [indiscernible] had such a positive impact with beer buyers at retail, not only on premise but also off premise. As far as the STWs STRS are concerned, Mark, fundamentally that's just a difference in timing. If you remember at the end of Q2, that dynamic was reversed with domestic STW s down and STRS were down less than that. On a year-to-date basis, those two numbers are much closer and generally, we try and align those things much closer by the end of the year as we try to ship to consumption. I wouldn't get too worked up on quarter-over-quarter because of timing on those price increases and so on. 
Gavin Hattersley: I was talking to Robert, I'm not planning to fail, right. I think we've got the right plans, the right strategies, the right brands and the right people to get this done. And I wouldn't look at this on a simple quarter basis this is a longer term plan, the industry had a tough quarter, it's surely but our expectations are still flat in 2018 with growth in 2019, and I can run you through all the high-level plans that we've got on our brands but I'm -- we as a business are certainly focused on that goal and believe we will achieve it.
