Mark Hunter: Hey, Judy. It’s Mark. Let me take that. I mean, as we’ve intimated, we’re going to discontinue post the acquisition of these short-term trends because my idea is that they are not helpful and there’s so much volatility around trading days, the timing of holidays, some of the promotional activity in the market. So, it’s very, very difficult to take a read on it. So, it’s very early in the quarter. I think if you look at our longer term volume trends, that’s a much better indication as to the health of our business, and I really won’t read too much in for the short-term numbers.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Well, couple of questions in there, Judy. So, I’ll pass over to Stewart shortly to pick up on the Canada-specific question. I think your broader point on investment is a good question. I mean, we are driving a First Choice for consumer and customer agenda. Central to that is the quality, the breadth and depth of our brand portfolio and our ability to premiumize our portfolio, while building a customer relationship. So, we made good on the commitment to step up our investment through the second quarter. I think if you look at our NSR per hectoliter, we saw NSR per hec growth in all of our regions. I’m encouraged by the sequential improvement in our share trends in all of our regions as well from Q1 into Q2. But clearly, brand building is a long-term game, and my objective and the executive’s objective here is to continue to invest in a sustained way. Clearly, the focus is always on the quality of our investments. You’ve heard me say in the past, I’d rather spend less dollars in a great idea than more dollars in a bad idea, but our job is to develop great ideas and then invest in a sustained way, and that’s what we’re doing, and I expect to see us continue to do that through the third quarter as well. As I say, the sequential improvement that you’ve seen from Q1 to Q2, I think, is a testament to the focus and outlook right across our business. Stewart, do you want to pick up on the Canada-specific question? Do we have Stewart? Stewart, are you on mute or have we lost you? If we’ve lost you, you won’t be able to answer that question. It sounds like we’ve lost Stewart for a second. So, Judy, we’ll get him back in, and then I’ll fill him back on to answer your specific question. If you can just bear with us. Apologies for that. We seem to have a couple of technical hitches this morning.
Mark Hunter: Mark, do you want to come back for the global question? And so, I’ve asked Stewart to take that – to respond to that. Then if you come back on the global brand piece. So, Stewart, do you want...
Mark Hunter: Yeah. So, if you look at the shape of our existing International portfolio, the two backbone brands are principally Coors Light and Staropramen. And clearly, Blue Moon is now in many, many markets globally, growing rapidly from a small base. If you look at Staropramen specifically, post the StarBev acquisition, we increased investment in the brand really across Greater Europe, so outside of the Czech market, and we’re seeing double-digit growth in many of those markets. My personal perspective is on a Greater Europe basis, there’s still a lot of runway ahead of us. And one of the changes I announced just in the last couple of weeks, Mark, is that we’ll now look at our European business, including our export and license markets, and one of the benefits from that is we have a more holistic Europe approach across all markets on Staropramen. I think outside of Europe, that’s part of our thinking and our emerging planning ahead of integration. As Staropramen is currently in Canada, we’re just going to – testing and incubating the brand there. The U.S. market was slightly more complex because of the distributor relationship or the importer relationship that we inherited when we acquired the StarBev business. We’re working our way through that and there’s a broader conversation with Gavin and the team really looking at where we want to place our bets on our own portfolio going forward, recognizing that we’re kind of – we have an embarrassment of Regis with Pilsner Urquell and Peroni and [indiscernible] Staropramen potentially in the future. So, that’s work that we’re currently thinking our way through just now. But in terms of the heartland for Staropramen which is, let’s call it, Greater Europe, very, very solid progress and Ukraine which is a really difficult market, we continue to take share there. So, I feel very good about the possibilities ahead for Staropramen as part of our kind of three-pronged International portfolio including addition of the Miller brand.
Mark Hunter: Yeah, Robert, essentially, the new plant in Southern B.C. is largely but not completely probably is going to be funded by the proceeds from the sale of real estate from our Vancouver brewery. So, because the proceeds are excluded from free cash flow and CapEx and those types of numbers, we thought it would be fair to have sort of a comparable view on a CapEx guidance as well.
Mark Hunter: Yeah. Robert, it’s Mark here. The thing I’d ask you to bear in mind is clearly this is going to be a complex transition. I think we are well-planned and ready for execution. There’s still some details to be sorted out. But I would actually think of it as very much in the medium-term to long-term basis. As you think about the growth trajectory of our business, Coors, Miller and Staropramen combined along with our emerging International craft portfolio, if you look at over the course of the next few years, I think it places us in a very, very positive place to really build out our International footprint and our International trajectory. So, the first year will be challenging and tricky in some places, but got to look beyond that to – the value that’s going to be created by the addition of the Miller International portfolio.
Mark Hunter: Off the top of my head, in Canada, we were down kind of low- to mid-single digits. And then internationally, if you look at our MCI business, we were up double-digit growth. And in the UK and Ireland, we were up double-digits, in fact, kind of high-20%s, low-30% growth. So, Canada, down low- to mid-single; everywhere else outside of Canada, double-digit growth.
Mark Hunter: Well, I think Stewart picked up on that. The focus has been on driving the right input which had an impact on the output. And I’m certainly very encouraged and I know the teammate are by the fact that we’ve seen our brand health metrics and our purchase intent numbers move in a very positive direction through the second quarter. So, any quality of our copy, the promotional intensity in terms of our in-case, the roll out of the visual identity, further alignment with the U.S. creative platform, all of those things are very well. But this is a big, big brand and you don’t turn things on or turn things off overnight. So, we are working this hard, and I think we’re working on the right input measures, starting certainly through our brand tracking to demonstrate that we’re pulling on the right levers, and I expect to see performance improve through the balance of this year and into 2017. Encouragingly, when you look at Coors’ trademark in totality, in Canada, and adding Banquet, which Stewart mentioned, is up over 20% again in the month. With the Coors trademarks in generally good health, Coors Light, if we can get that moving in the right direction will be in a very strong position.
Mark Hunter: Well, look, I mean on the one hand, what you’re saying is absolutely right. The SEC has revised their position in terms of GAAP versus non-GAAP disclosures, and we obviously are following in line with that as are many other companies, many other public companies in the U.S. And what that means is that in the 10-Ks and the 10-Qs, you will not now see some of the underlying measures that we used to put in there before. As for the information that you would receive post transaction, obviously, that’s information that you are going to receive through our calls, and we’ll still refer to those metrics because we think that they can give the investors and the analysts a very good indication of how our business is performing. And just to recap what we had mentioned to you at the New York Analysts Conference is that post the transaction close, we will be referring to a new number of updated synergies and cost savings. We are also going to talk about the transaction pro forma adjusted EPS. And we’re also going to talk about the cash flow-generating ability of the new business going forward.
Mark Hunter: Okay. Well, if there are no questions, I’d just like to thank everybody for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. We are poised, as we look forward, to the hopeful conclusion of the ABI and SAB transaction and our acquisition of the 58% in MillerCoors, which will be transformational for our business. So, I’m sure everybody will be tuned in over the coming months as that comes to culmination. Thank you for your interest, and we look forward to see many of you shortly in Boston at the conference at the beginning of September. Thanks for your interest today, everybody.
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Hi, Robert. How are you? So, the guidance we had previously given was CapEx of $300 million. We revised that down now to $220 million. The original guidance included the new plant in Vancouver and under the new guidance, we’ve excluded that plant. So, the delta there will be $80 million, includes that plant plus some savings that we have on our annual CapEx plan.
Mauricio Restrepo: Just to give you greater transparency in terms of what the CapEx would be excluding that, because it’s obviously a very large CapEx project and we didn’t want that number to be just offering all of the number, plus the proceeds of Vancouver are not in the free cash flow number.
Mauricio Restrepo: Yes. Thank you, Bryan. Look, I mean, in terms of our financing, first of all, obviously, as you heard me say before, we had a fantastic result in our long-term debt offering. The interest cost that we were able to get on the financing was about $200 million lower than what we had assumed in the pro forma financials that we had submitted a couple of months ago. So, that clearly will have a very beneficial impact going forward. And as for the PACC model, of course, we’re constantly updating the cost of capital that we would use to analyze and review the various alternatives, i.e. should we delever, should we invest behind our brands, or should we pursue certain M&A opportunities, or should we return money to shareholders. And obviously those rates will be adjusted and are adjusted accordingly, given what’s happening in the market and our outlook going forward.
Mauricio Restrepo: Well, as you know, I mean, that tends to have a double effect on the one hand because of the returns that you have on the pension assets and also the discount rate that you use for the obligations. But at present, I mean, those things have been taken into account in terms of the guidance that we’ve given; and again, where our defined benefit pension plans, we think that the cash contributions will be in the order of between $45 million to $65 million this year and the expense of around $17 million, and that includes the 42% of our MillerCoors contribution and expense. Obviously, that will be updated going forward for 100%
Kandy Anand: Thanks, Mark. Hi, Robert. So, it is very exciting for the International business and the Miller portfolio to an already fast-growing Coors Light portfolio which is growing strong double-digits. In terms of the actual progress, if you take out our top 20 markets or the Miller brand that we are inheriting, including Canada, UK, Ireland, that basically covers 95%-plus of that total volume. On these large markets, we have either have agreements or we’re in the process of getting agreements, to ensure), that we have a route-to-market on day one. In terms of supply agreements, the combination of transition service agreements that we have previously negotiated with ABI post-transition or exporting from our U.S. business. So, those are our supply agreements. We made good progress. I mean, there is still a lot of work, a lot of countries, a lot of new markets. But, I would say at this point of time, we are on track for our day one integration.
Kandy Anand: ...some of the transition agreements would be with – potentially with Asahi since they are taking over some of the European supply locations.
Kandy Anand: Robert, it’s a mixed bag, markets where brands doing quite well and has momentum, and there are others where it’s down. So, I think as we look at the totality, they are more or less where we expected them to be based on the idea that we have which is, of course, quarter or later stage.
