Dave Dunnewald: Thank you, Liam and good morning to everyone on our earnings conference call today. Before we begin, I want to paraphrase the company's Safe Harbor language. Some of our discussions today may include forward-looking statements. Actual results could differ materially from what we project today, so please refer to our most recent 10-K and 10-Q filings for a more complete description of factors that could affect these projections. Our company does not undertake to publicly update forward-looking statements whether as a result of new information, future events or otherwise. You should not place undue reliance on forward-looking statements, which speak only as of the date they are made. Regarding any non-U.S. GAAP measures that may be discussed during the call today and from time-to-time by the company's executives in discussing our company's performance, please visit the company's Web site, www.molsoncoors.com, and click on the Financial Reporting tab of the Investor Relations page for a reconciliation of these measures to the nearest U.S. GAAP results. Also, unless otherwise indicated, all financial results the company discusses are versus the comparable prior year period and in U.S. dollars. As you know Anheuser-Busch InBev announced yesterday, a further extension of it possible offer for all of the outstanding share capital of SABMiller and there has been some related press speculation that mentions Molson Coors. As a matter of policy Molson Coors does not comment on market rumors and we will not be discussing AB InBev SABMiller situation on our call this morning, including during the Q&A session at the end. We will devote our time this morning to our third quarter financial results, then outlook for the balance of 2015. Now I would like to turn the call over to Mark Hunter, President and CEO of Molson Coors.
Dave Dunnewald: Apples-to-apples, one less trading day equates to about 4.9 something but rounded to 5, if you want.
Dave Dunnewald: To my knowledge, we haven't disclosed that. I think the more important thing is to recognize that as we reshape up the supply chain footprint for the country, of course you're going to be looking at what our needs are, what kind of brewing we're going to be undertaking and where best to brew it and capacity will be wrapped into that.
Mark Hunter: In order to help Gavin focus his full energy and attention on the MillerCoors business, I'm pleased to announce that our Europe CFO David Heede will be stepping into the global CFO role on an interim basis as we work to finalize the selection process for Gavin's successor here at Molson Coors. David has more than 30 years of leadership experience in many areas of our company and he's played a central role in a very successful integration of our Central Europe and UK businesses. David will have a strong global finance team supporting him. And I have every confidence that we'll not miss a beat in this critical area where we complete the global CFO search process. And then finally, as usual, our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. Also, 1 pm Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via the recorded webcast on our website. So, at this point, Leanne, we'd like to open it up for questions please. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: More broadly, I mean our medium-term guidance in terms of pricing hasn't been updated for our U.S. business. So, no color over that.
Mark Hunter: The other think I would additional is, as per my prepared remarks, if you look at our STRs for the quarter, when you exclude the loss of the Miller brands, the volume is down about 0.5%. So on underlying basis, I would describe our volume performance as reasonably solid.
Mark Hunter: John, its Mark here. The only thing I would add to that is if you look across the global footprint of Coors Light, Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment isn’t up for debate. That's what the brand stands for that's its absolute bedrock. And we consistently dramatize that across all of the market that we execute the brand. And clearly to Gavin's point, how we dramatize it in the U.S. is going to be evolved but that will still be very much of a bringing to Light Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment in a way that's contemporary relevant and distinct. And David Kroll this morning spoke to the need for us actually to develop campaign ideas in the U.S. that have got longevity so that we can get behind something and drive it over the medium to long-term as opposed to changing creative ideas on a annual or biannual basis. The Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment is absolutely in the heart of what Coors Light stands for.
Mark Hunter: Let me try and do with both of those questions. On the first question on the share repurchase program, we’ve set out $1 billion repurchase program over four years but the majority of that towards the latter half of that program. We've confirmed what we've done in the third quarter and what's likely to happen in the fourth quarter. On our next earnings call, we will update you with regard to progress on that program. So, there is no new news with regard to our share repurchase program. With regard to capital allocations, I don’t think this call is a time or place to get into discussions about what the preferences are of the Molson or the Coors family would be. Under certain circumstances, the families have been long term investors in the beer industry, we are talking centuries here, not just quarters. And they've said that they’re very committed to the long-term vitality of our organization. So, as opportunities come and go, we'll consider them appropriately with our board but those will be confidential board discussions.
Mark Hunter: Gavin, just one other additional perspective. Bryan, if you look back at the changes we made our UK supply chain over the course of the last five years, I mean we've fundamentally transformed and modernized our manufacturing facilities in the UK. And we've managed to that all within what you describe as a pretty normal capital envelope within our business. We expect to be able to do something similar in Canada looking at the cash that we secure from for example Vancouver brewery [indiscernible] under requirement to continue to modernize our brewery network in Canada. So, I think our track record speaks to our ability to modernize our manufacturing facilities and do that in a way which is within a recognized capital envelope in the business.
Mark Hunter: So let me just give you a little bit contexts and I’ll ask Simon to talk about the Coors Light progress in the UK and Ireland and then Kandy to talk more broadly about our other international markets. We don't offer percentage of our volume, relating the proportion of Coors Light outside of North America but it's into millions of hectoliters. So, I'll give you a sense of scale. And through the quarter, we grew at 20%, outside of the U.S. and Canada. So, it's a meaningful presence as growing very rapidly. So clearly within the UK and Ireland that brand has been there now for approximately a decade. Simon, do you want to just give a flavor for the momentum you're seeing and Kandy can talk more broadly, outside of the UK and Ireland.
Mark Hunter: Sorry Brett, could you just -- there was a lot in that question. Could you just repeat that again, please, apologies.
Mark Hunter: That is correct. So, we've seen very strong performance as you pointed out, for example on Staropramen. So, that's correct yes.
Mark Hunter: Well. Brett, I think we laid that in the last quarter that our intention was to invest incrementally through the second half of this year. And I mentioned already on the call the economic engine of our businesses is the strength of our brands. So, we remain committed to invest to build our brand equity and our brand health. We outweighed our investment in Canada through the third quarter and continue to plan to do the same in the fourth quarter, so very much in line with the guidance that we gave around the second half of this year. Building the strength of our brands in Canada is an absolute priority for us.
Mark Hunter: Yes, the only other thing that Pablo asked was about our margin comparisons that we incurred like in the rest of portfolio and that’s not information we go in the public domain other than the that…
Mark Hunter: So, I mean the [indiscernible] portfolio would definitely be a headwind for us in terms of achieving that that means we need to perform better on premiums and above-premiums, no question about that.
Mark Hunter: So, I think that concludes the questions. So, just on behalf of the team here at Molson Coors, I'd like to thank you all for joining us on our third quarter earnings call. And just as a reminder Dave Dunnewald will as usual be hosting a more detailed call at 1'o clock this afternoon, Dave? Yes, 1'o clock Eastern Time. So, many thanks for your interest in Molson Coors Brewing Company. And we look forward to catching up with all of you through the fourth quarter and beyond. Thank you.
Simon Cox: Yes, sure. Thanks for the question Vivien. When you look at our price mix, pricing across Europe is at actually 0.3% positive across the region. And so all the drag on net sales to -- net sales revenue perhaps was to do with mix. And actually you more or less correctly called out the two main drivers of that during your commentary. It is very much to do with the loss of Modelo brands in the UK and the fact that the contract manufacturing revenue is also put into our net sales revenue line but doesn’t actually attract any of the hectoliters because obviously it's not our own sales. And that has quite a significant impact on the overall NSR per hectoliter. So, there isn't too much of the color to add. But we're actually very pleased with the way the brands are performing across, both the UK and the Central European region. And so it is really pricing marginally up and mix driven by Modelo and contract manufacturing is the drag.
Simon Cox: As you know, we don't give forward guidance on pricing. But historically if you look into our performance over the last three quarters, we've issued a sensible balance I think between volume and pricing. We're orientating our portfolio much more towards maintaining strong positions in our core brands and ensuring that in pockets of value growth like cider, craft beer in the UK, premium brands, Staropramen growth in Czech Republic. These are all things that can support overall pricing growth and that's where we're orientating our portfolio. So, that's been working well for us I think over the past three quarters. And that's where we're going to focus on.
Simon Cox: We didn't give the specific number last year but we said that it was a factor in our results in third quarter of 2014, but no specific number’s been provided.
Simon Cox: Yes, thank you for the question. And Coors Light has been performing as one of the strongest performing brands in the market for over three years and this quarter is no exception, we've seen double-digit growth of course like in the UK and Ireland this quarter. And basically, it’s just a brand that continues to work extremely well for our consumers and on for our customers and for us. In terms of answering your question around pricing index, it tends to be priced above the mainstream. So on the on-trade, if you walk into a typical English pub, you will see calling on the bars, mainstream price, and you will Coors Light generally at a 5% to 10% premium to that. That's a similar trend into UK off-trade although of course that's a little bit more volatile, based on what tends to be quite a discount driven off-trade market. But generally, it comes under premium to mainstream pricing and in the UK and Ireland is continuing in really strong growth for us. So, very important brand in that portfolio and doing extremely well.
Simon Cox: I think you've probably broadly covered it there, Mark. I mean it's a similar answer to the first question I gave that the reduction in NSR per hectoliter is all driven by the two factors of the Modelo brands in the UK and the loss of contract manufacturing. And just to explain that again, obviously the revenue from contract manufacturing goes into our net sales revenue line but the volume denominator perhaps [ph] because only pertains to our owned brand sales, so it's actually quite a significant headwind in terms of the overall what we call out as mix. If you strip that out and if you strip Modelo out, then you'd get a more positive picture. So, that's really the main explanation there. Pricing across Europe and UK was pretty similar and pretty solid. And then as Mark just alluded to, if you remove the impact of the Modelo brands, then the UK business would have also slightly grown it's volumes. So, if you triangulate that against a 5% overall increase in volume and that gives you an idea of the relative performance of Central Europe which was very positive through the quarter.
Gavin Hattersley: We do want to be flat in 2018 and grow in 2019. We’ve got a very strategy and very clear plans to achieve that. It requires significant focus on our Premium Lights brands with Coors Light and Miller Lite and we are very pleased that we in the third quarter had the best performance in those two combined brands in over three years. And it does require us to transform our portfolio more into the above-premium and get really specific about what we’re doing with our economy brands.
Gavin Hattersley: Look, I mean the one thing we can't predict is when we’re going to resolve uncertain tax positions. They are uncertain for a reason and obviously we can't predict when we resolve them. And we again resolved some uncertain tax positions in the third quarter. And having said, so the large change of the reduction to 14% to 16% is related to that. And we haven't changed our longer term guidance of 20% to 24%. And in the shorter term, for example next year, we expect towards the lower end of that, that remains unchanged. If you want to get a feel for the level of uncertain tax positions that are still out there, formal SEC filings of the Qs would give you some guidance on that.
Gavin Hattersley: I would say couple of things there. Obviously changing an agency not going to change the direction of the Coors Light brand. It’s the total package as it relates to Coors Light. So, our new brand identity which we launched in the second quarter and which really got completely rolled out in the third quarter is part of that being extraordinarily well-received by both distributors, customers and retailers a lot. And so we’re pleased with the performance in Coors Light which has been driven largely by that over the last couple of quarters. And as David said on this morning's call, Coors Light’s performance in the third quarter was the base that we've had for quite some time. And our new above the line marketing campaign will be focused on Rocky Mountain Cold Refreshment. There will be a different way of expressing that than you have seen in the past. And thirdly, we are putting significantly more money behind Coors Light. And we’ve put large -- meaningfully more behind Coors Light in the third quarter and we’re seeing the impact of that. So, I wouldn’t point to just any one thing but a total package of what we're doing on Coors Light, John.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Look Bryan, we haven't given any guidance for 2016 and beyond on cash flow at this stage. I guess the only point that I would make is that if we did build a brewery, it would be out of multi years; you don't necessarily just build it in the one year. And I guess that's what our concern that particular point. As far as pension contributions are concerned, I think our requirements under the UK Pension Plan which for Molson Coors remains a biggest pension cash contribution area, quite clearly laid out in our financial filings. So, you can have a look at those, there Bryan. And as know, we made a one-off contribution this year, which impacts the contributions that we have to make in the IPOs. It's very clearly set on.
Gavin Hattersley: One other think I'd like to just clarify there, Bryan. You said that the proceeds and the investments would offset each other but in terms of how that's disclosed in cash flow, for the proceeds from the sale of the Vancouver property would not be included in underlying free cash flow but capital investments would.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, I agree with the question. Stewart, I'll be impressed if you know the answer to that, but Dave, do you want to….
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. That's correct, Brett. We will continue to incur meaningful BT expenses in 2016 and also in 2017 although it’s slightly lesser.
Gavin Hattersley: I'll give a shot and if I miss anything, then somebody will correct me. From a simplification point of view, it does go to SKU simplification. We have a lot of brands in that segment and we have a lot of different packages. So simplifying that is a key focus area for us. In terms of what brands are in there, brands such as Miller High Life which has been around for over a 100 years and it's very clearly differentiated. We have brands like Keystone in that area and then we have regional brands such as Hamm. And so, making sure that we have a very clear positioning and message behind those brands is the work we're doing. The differentiation from a price point of view is it can be varied but if Coors Light and Miller Lite are in a 100, economy can be anywhere from anywhere from -- in our portfolio from 72% to 90% of that. And then from an overall portfolio point of view which I think was your other question, it is around a quarter of our portfolio would be in the below premium segment. I think I’ve covered a little.
Stewart Glendinning: Judy, overall the market was much healthier in the third quarter, benefiting from some warmer weather. Our portfolio was in a much better place. Going into the fourth quarter, nothing has changed in that portfolios, it's still robust, activity levels strong. Really the only big item in the -- in October to point out is that there is one less trading day in October but other than that there is nothing materially that’s going on in the marketplace. 
Stewart Glendinning: Okay, Judy but not a lot we can say obviously on margin since we don't give any forward guidance. But good news coming out of Vancouver for sure, that was an old brewery that was going to consume a bunch of capital and we have been able to lock-in contract for sale of the property. Broadly the sale of that property will fund the construction of a new brewery. And when we move into that brewery, we should expect to see lower going forward CapEx and the lower operating costs on that brewery. In Montreal, we have a similar study underway to understand whether we should invest in the current brewery or to invest in new build. And I won’t have the answer to that question until likely early next year. Overall, I think we've got a very strong plan for reshaping the supply chain in Canada. And of course that's one of the things that's driving the estimates of savings that the Gavin's provided to the Street.
Stewart Glendinning: Look, I never actually spoke to the capacity to conclude whether we would take it up or take it down. What I will say is we are going to build the brewery to provide the best operating efficiencies for our company. And more importantly, what you get with a new brewery is the ability to drive a more flexible brewing. If you look at what's going on in the market today, it's important to be able to provide a wide range of brew sizes to accommodate the smaller brew stuff. I think we’ll gain a lot of from that. But you can rest assured that rightsizing our capacity is a key part of our plan.
Stewart Glendinning: Yes, certainly Mark. I mean all of the changes primarily that have taken place have been at the top end of the portfolio. We've been -- as you know, we have The Six Pints team here, which is our equivalent in Canada of Tenth and Blake. That group with craft brands [ph] Granville, and Creemore have been driving those brands across the country, so craft portfolio growing rapidly. We also recently introduce Belgian Moon into a Canada, that reception’s been very warm with strongly encouraged by the rate of sale that we've seen in those where we’ve brought that brand into customers. And then of course, the biggest launch of all, so far has been Coors Banquet which we brought in at a premium price position and that's better than one share of the market now. So, I would say those are the big ones. On the apple side of course, we’ve got two very quick growing ciders which is the Strongbow and own Molson Canadian Cider and then this year, we launched Mad Jack, which is an apple flavored lager. So, all of those apple variants are performing strongly, all of them playing at the upper end of the market.
Stewart Glendinning: I think that makes a lot of sense. So I will say, it's an important just to understand the dynamics across the broad market. There are consumer needs, at every segment of the market and to exclude one at the expense of the other doesn't make sense. Premiums are huge out of our business and so that remains an important focus in innovation as well.
Stewart Glendinning: No, I'm sorry, Bryan, I meant to mention one part of the market also. As you know, this year we've also broaden the types [ph] of brands and Dos Equis and Sol had the nice portfolio and they're also growing well.
