Unidentified Analyst: Hi there. This is Patty Kanada [ph] on for Bonnie. Thanks for the questions. I just had a couple of them on your EMEA-APAC performance. Your financial volumes across the broader region were much better than expected. Could you break out for us how much of a tailwind the World Cup was? And any other benefits that may be one-off like the cycling of the on-premise restrictions you pointed out in terms of contribution? And then, hoping to dig a little bit more on what you’re seeing at the consumer level in Central and Eastern Europe, specifically given the pressures on demand that we were talking about last year. Did you say that volumes actually recovered in this region? And could you just give us an update on the consumer demand trends you’re seeing there? Thank you.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Bryan Adams [ph] on for Peter Grom. Congrats on an awesome quarter. So just thinking through the low single-digit top line growth that you guys outlined this morning, Tracey, you just talked through the rollover benefit from pricing in 2022 along with a broader effort to continue to shift towards above premium. I know you’re targeting a third of the portfolio now, and that should probably provide some positive mix. But just thinking through that low single digits for the year, how should we think about that broader breakdown between price mix and volume? Is it still going to be mostly a price-mix driven affair in ‘23? Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: This is Greg on for Robert. Just a quick question and then maybe a follow-up after that. But you just went through the $600 million and you delivered above that on your cost savings, which is great. Any color on kind of what the cost saving outlook is from here, any new targets to just kind of how we should through that? And then, just one quick follow-up after that, please. Thanks.
Unidentified Analyst: Great. That makes sense. And then, just a quick follow-up is on your emerging growth portfolio. If you could maybe talk about -- you obviously went through some changes with La Colombe and some other things over the past few months. Maybe just how you’re thinking about like a sales target for that, if it’s moved at all versus $1 billion previously and just kind of which of the core brands do you see driving the majority of the target or of the growth going forward? Thanks, guys.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks very much, and good morning. As far as EMEA and APAC is concerned, yes, I mean, they drove top line growth in the quarter. And yes, we did benefit from cycling Omicron-related on-premise restrictions, which we had in 2021. We benefited from strong pricing and mix as well. And our above premium portfolio reached record levels on the strength of big success brand like Madrí. But, the World Cup was a contributor, but it wasn’t frankly, as much as we had expected, for a couple of reasons. One is it was out of cycle. So, it’s normally played in the summer. And secondly, there were significant rail strikes in the UK around that time. And so not only did that mute consumer demand due to the World Cup, but it also muted the expected demand that we were hoping for as the Christmas -- holiday parties and spirit came through, which didn’t happen in 2021. Both of those things were less than what we had expected. Notwithstanding that, obviously, the performance in EMEA-APAC was substantially better than 2021 and nearly where we had hoped. As far as EMEA-APAC is concerned, look, the inflationary impacts that we’re facing are more notable in those markets. Obviously, there are specific conditions affecting Europe from Russia’s war in Ukraine. And there are challenges in the UK economy. There’s no doubt about that. So Central Eastern Europe remains a challenged market. But in the UK to date, market demand has been resilient, including demand for our -- for above premium brands.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. I mean, as Tracey said in her remarks, it’s going to be more rate than it’s going to be volume. Obviously, near term, consumer behavior and consumer impacts, as you can see in any consumer goods company is challenging. And so we’re a little cautious there from a volume perspective. So, more rate than volume for sure. And we’ve got the other thing going on in our top line our contract brewing, right? I mean, it’s well known that we’re exiting a large contract brewing arrangement, which is coming to an end. I think it’s the end of next year. And this year is a transition year. So it’s a decent chunk of that volume comes out. And that’s obviously carries a fair amount of NSR with it. Now, we are confident that it will take a lot of complexity out of our business and reduce our overall cost structure, and it’s just going to make us a whole lot more efficient. So, we’re in the transition year from that as well. So hopefully, that answers that, Bryan. [Ph]
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks for the question, Bill. Look, I mean, we’re very pleased with the strength of our marketing and the effectiveness of that marketing. And we invested strongly behind our core brands and key innovations, and we plan to continue to do that. I think it was in Tracey’s prepared remarks, not mine, that if you exclude discontinued brands, our marketing investments were actually up for the year. Marketing spend on our iconic core brands, in aggregate was also up for the year in constant currency. So, we think our marketing is working. We have made some changes to our approach from a marketing investment point of view. We’ve completely changed our approach to media to make sure that our dollars work really hard for us. We’ve now got more than 50% of our media spend in digital channels. And we’ve been leading the way in places like streaming videos. And we’re into podcasting and sports predictions and betting, as you saw from our latest Super Bowl program. We’ve also completely overhauled our approach to performance-based marketing to make sure that we get the absolute best return on ad spend and to maximize our effectiveness. So, I guess, Bill, that’s a long-winded way of saying, we’re making every single dollar work as hard for us as possible. As it relates to some of our competitors, I like where our brands are relative to our competitors. I like where they are from a health point of view, I like where they are from a share point of view. And I’m not -- yes, I mean, if you increase something 5 times of a relatively low base, it’s still a relatively low number. And as Tracey said, we’re going to continue to invest heavily behind our brands, and we are planning to increase our ad spend in 2023.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay. Drew, a lot going on there. Let me make sure I can catch all that. Let’s just stand back and look at what we did from a pricing environment or pricing point of view in 2022. We took a reasonably strong price increase in the spring of last year, and we took another strong price increase in the fall. In fact, it was at the higher end of the guidance that we put out there from a pricing point of view. The price elasticities that we saw in the spring GI were actually well below historical levels. I mean, it was still elasticity, but they were less than what we’d expected. And since our four price increases, which is really a couple of months of data, that is it has elevated a bit, but it’s still below historical levels. So, it’s only been a couple of months. We continue to keep a close eye on how consumers are reacting. The price promotion environment hasn’t elevated as I said in my remarks. And from a pricing point of view this year, well, we put large price increases, as you know, most of the country in the fall, but there were some markets where we didn’t take price in the fall. And so, in the spring of this year, you’ll see a few price increases there. It will be fairly localized, so not a broad sway. And I think as we look out to the balance of the year, I would expect our price increases in the fall to be closer to where they’ve been from a historical point of view. So, 1% to 2%. I think your other question was around volume and how we’re feeling about that. Well, obviously, the fourth quarter volume was down. From a consumer spend point of view, just like every other consumer goods company, we did see changed behavior from a consumer point of view. So that impacted our fourth quarter retail sales or brand volumes. There was also one less trading day in the fourth quarter, which we don’t adjust for in the reported results. So, that had a meaningful impact. And there was a little bit of pull forward from Q3 into -- from Q4 into Q3 is ahead of that big price increase. Year-to-date this year, I’m not going to give you a an absolute number because obviously, we’re not that far into the year, but I would tell you that our trading performance has improved from a volume perspective as we’ve gone through, which is not terribly dissimilar behavior than we saw after the spring price increase, where we saw some muted volume after that, and we saw muted volume after the fall increase and bouncing back. So, that’s -- that kind of summarizes for you. And I hope I captured all your questions.
Gavin Hattersley: Okay, Kevin. Yes. So from a midterm guidance point of view, obviously, we look at the total basket of our P&L and look at what we expect from a pricing point of view, what we expect from our brand performance point of view as the plans and the additional ad spend that we’re putting in place in 2023, has an impact, our innovation pipeline, what’s happening with our brands in EMEA, APAC, Canada rebounding as we increase investment in Canada as well. And as the efficiency projects come through and a more normalized cost of goods sold environment in the out years. So, that gives us confidence to give medium-term guidance that is at a higher level than what we currently have for the near term, where I think things are a little bit more uncertain and there’s a little bit more caution around that. There was a second part of that question? How does the impairment? Well, you can handle the impairment, Tracey. Obviously, the interest rate environment had a meaningful role…
Gavin Hattersley: So to tie both, Kevin, I mean, obviously, when we started our Revitalization Plan, the goal was to get to both, top and bottom line growth. We did that in 2022. We’re guiding to that in 2023. And we expect to deliver that on a consistent basis now going forward, given where we are from a company point of view with our brands and our overall cost structure. I think you said you had a second question.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Vivien. Yes. Look, I mean, we’ve made tremendous progress actually on our above premium and our beyond beer pillars of our Revitalization Plan. It was a core tenet of our plan was to aggressively premiumize the portfolio. And we’ve now taken that, as I said, to a record level of 28% and I think it was 23% when we started this process. So obviously, our continued efforts in this space continue. We’ve got brands like Topo Chico and Blue Moon and Peroni and Simply Spiked and emerging growth brands like ZOA in Europe. As I said we’ve got Madrí. So, above premium certainly is an area that I would expect us to continue to grow. And we put out a number there of almost a third of our NSR in the medium term is going to come from above premium. So, that will certainly improve our overall mix. On top of that, we’ve laid a nice foundation in the spirits space, both in the large bottle, but also we’ve got a really nice innovation coming with Topo Chico Spirited in this current year, both of which -- for Five Trail and for Topo Chico, we have high expectations for. So, you can expect our above premium portfolio to get an ever larger part of -- would be an ever larger part of our portfolio, and that obviously has benefits all the way through the P&L.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Greg. Look, our $1 billion MSR target remains our ambition. We could be a little challenged to achieve that mark in 2023 because obviously, we’re mindful of the challenging economic environment in which we’re operating in our Latin American business, particularly, both from a political and economic point of view, that is fairly volatile. There is industry softness in U.S. craft, to be sure, and that’s impacted our Tenth and Blake business. And you rightly point out the discontinuation of La Colombe and also our Truss U.S. CBD drinks business. But those are only slight headwinds to our NSR goal. Not all our efforts are going to be successful in this space, and we’re absolutely not going to deliver NSR targets or NSR, absolutely, at any costs. We try and balance our top line aspirations with an objective to improve our overall margins and the emerging growth division as a whole. So, in terms of brands where we see a strong performance, I mentioned ZOA in my opening remarks; we’ve got Topo Chico Spirited, which is coming this year. We’ve made some changes to how we’re bringing ZOA to the market. We’ve learned a lot over the last three years. And we’re moving to scale in energy drinks and both full-strength bottle spirits and also on the ready-to-drink side. Not a short-term play for us, Greg. I think the progress we’ve made in beyond beer has been -- has laid a nice foundation for us.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. The other side of your question, Nadine, was around consumers and consumer behavior. I think overarchingly, I’d say we’re not seeing anything terribly different than any other fast-moving consumer good. So the beer industry is no different there. We’re not observing significant trade down, which was the other part of your question, across our portfolio, or frankly, in the industry. Of course, if that comes, we think we’ve got the ideal portfolio to deal with that, but we haven’t actually seen it at this point in time. And as I said in my prepared remarks, we are seeing consumers trading down maybe from a 30 pack to a 24 or 24 to a 12 or a 12 to a 6. Obviously, that is negative from a volume perspective, that contraction, but it’s actually positive from a mix point of view for our organization. So hopefully, that answers your question.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Filippo. Yes, we have seen a rebound in volume performance in the first part of this year compared to what we experienced in the fourth quarter of last year. I think as far as the full year is concerned, I’d point you to Tracey’s comments around the fact that our top line guidance is more rate driven than volume driven. And I think I gave a little bit of clarification around that from a contract brewing point of view. And yes, you rightly point out that Miller Lite and Coors Light are healthier than they’ve been in years. I mean, they grew combined NSR in the U.S. in the second half. And that continues to be strong upward trajectory that we saw in 2021. We grew NSR for both Coors Light and Miller Lite in Canada, and they posted their strongest dollar share performance in over a decade. So, I think we’ve done an excellent job of ensuring that Coors Light and Miller Lite have a very clear differentiated brand position and Coors Light, obviously, owns refreshment, Miller Lite owns beer taste. And we’ve built on those foundations with very strong consistent marketing programs Made to Chill for Coors Light and Miller Lite’s Beer Point of You. And then on top of that, we’ve got strong sales execution across chain and grocery. And we’ve actually outpaced Bud Light in both feature and display for seven of our largest chain retailers. So, all of that translates into good share gains versus our competitors. I think we’ve got really strong programs for 2023, starting with the Super Bowl, which wasn’t just a point in time. It was a buildup for several months before that, and we’ll continue to leverage that post the Super Bowl. So, we don’t shy away from being the challenger in the challenger position versus our competitors. And we’re going to make the dollars that we’ve got worked pretty hard for it -- for us. How that translates into share gains, well, let’s wait and see.
Gavin Hattersley: Kaumil, I missed the first part of it, but it sounded like you were giving us complement, the last part of your first part of your sentence. So I think I’m going to take that, and we’ll run with it. As far as capacity is concerned, I think -- I heard that part of it perfectly. Look, we -- from a capacity point of view, we’re expanding capacity where we need it, right, so, in terms of seltzers, our flavored malt beverages, and our variety packing capability. So we’re expanding there. We don’t provide specifics on utilization, but we feel good about our current capacity and its utilization. We closed two breweries in the U.S. over the last few years. And that improved our capacity utilization a lot. We’ve just built two new state-of-the-art breweries in Canada, and we’re doing a multiyear modernization project at our Golden brewery. So, we’re happy with our brewery footprint. And of course, within that, we always look at how we can be more efficient from a line point of view and look for ways to optimize that.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Christian. Look, I mean, we’ve shied away from giving specific guidance on hard seltzers because it’s a little challenging in new categories, right? But what we haven’t shied away from is saying that we think hard seltzers are here to stay. And they’re now a foundational part of the overall beer -- segment. Having said that, and as I said in answer to an earlier question, we’re realistic about the trends that we’re seeing there, which is why our premiumization strategy looks at flavors more broadly. So, it’s not only seltzers, but it’s FMBs and RTDs. And so, you can expect us, as I said earlier, to continue focusing on Topo Chico -- Topo Chico is number 4 in the country, Vizzy is number 5. In Canada, we’re growing share nicely behind Vizzy and Coors Seltzer. We just launched that Topo Chico as well. Simply Spiked has been a massive success for us since it launched in the summer of 2022. We’ve got a strong hot tea proposition with Arnold Palmer Spiked. And as I said earlier, we’re also launching Topo Chico Spirited in the first quarter of this year. So, we’re confident in the diversified approach to flavor. It allows us to benefit from the shifting consumer preferences. And I think we’ve got the portfolio to win both nationally and regionally. And we saw that momentum in 2022, and we intend to accelerate it even further in 2023.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, Kevin, I’m sure you’re aware that the -- we’re required to do an annual impairment exercise. And it’s really a mathematical equation of future cash flow. The big driver, as you mentioned, the big input is the rise in the interest cost, and I think you’re seeing that everywhere, and then, the inflationary impact that we are seeing on our costs. But we remain optimistic about the growth outlook for our company, as Gavin mentioned, performance beyond 2023. And in particular, our optimism around our America business units, and we’re committed to achieving the top line and bottom line growth.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. Look, our capital allocation priorities remain the same. We want to invest in our business to drive sustainable top and bottom line growth. And as Gavin mentioned, we put money in the business where we’re modernizing our breweries. We’ve got some upgrades that are going into our breweries, which always help in delivering cost savings and efficiencies. The second bucket is reducing the debt. We have a desire to maintain and over time improve our investment-grade rating. And I think we have made tremendous progress and have now given this sort of leverage target ratio of 2.5 times, which will give us much more flexibility from a capital allocation point of view. And then, the third bucket, to your point, is returning cash to shareholders. So, we’ve raised our dividend twice since reinstating it in 2021. And our intention is to sustainably increase that dividend. Now, we do have a small buyback program that you’re aware of, essentially an anti-dilution program for employee equity grants. But in terms of anything bigger, we run all our capital allocation decisions through our models --, influencing us, we would provide the greatest return for our shareholders. And we’ll continue to have those conversations with our Board.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I’ll take that question. Thanks, Greg. So, we are -- yes, we were very happy that we were able to slightly overdeliver on that $600 million of cost savings. Now, we haven’t implemented a new formal cost savings program that we’re communicating externally. But we obviously do have internal targets. We continue to expect cost savings. But, it’s just a way of life at Molson Coors. We’re always seeking ways to improve our efficiencies whether that be in terms of production or other areas like marketing that Gavin just spoke to. So, we’ll continue to look for ways that we can continue to deliver cost savings, but no formal program at this stage.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean, in terms of phasing, look, Eric, we’re always going to have quarter-to-quarter swings in our shipments and inventory levels. But we don’t expect to have the same magnitude of shipment swings as we have seen over the past several years. So, that’s a little bit about the top line. In terms of the cost, we’re still in an inflationary period, and we do expect inflationary pressure to continue and be a cost headwind for the year. But we expect the impact of the cost inflation and our COGS to slightly moderate in the back half of the year. So, yes, we don’t give sort of quarter-by-quarter guidance, but hopefully, that helps you.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, as Gavin said, we do expect the top line to be rate-driven, benefiting from the 2022 pricing and mix. We’re obviously also mindful of the inflationary impact to both, the consumer and costs -- our own input costs, and we’ve taken that into consideration. But as I said, we do expect to grow our gross margin per hectoliter in both business units. So margin expansion on the gross margin line. And I think that was...
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Thanks, Chris. We don’t give cost per hectoliter guidance. So, I just want to clarify, I didn’t say at this level. But what I did say is that we do expect the inflation to moderate in the back half of the year. So we sit in an inflationary period. We do still expect headwinds for the year, but again, moderating in the back half, and a lot of that’s driven on what we see in the forward curves for commodities.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I’m talking -- so gross margin per hectoliter expansion growth in both of our business units is what I said.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So, look, we manage our G&A, I think, really well, and we’ll continue to manage the costs related to G&A. We don’t specifically give G&A guidance. But as I’ve said and Gavin said, we’ll continue to invest behind the business. We’ll continue to invest behind our brands, particularly our core brands and our innovations. So, much more than that, Chris, I can’t give you without giving the guidance.
