Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. So in Canada, we continue to roll out our Coors Light Iced T and have launched Aluminum Pints for Coors Light and Molson Canadian. We also acquired the license for Newcastle Brown Ale and the Strongbow Cider in Canada and managed the pricing volume mix in the west to better balance our market share performance. In the U.S., we have strong marketing and sales programming behind our key brands this year in peak season especially for Miller Lite, Coors Light and Miller64. We are also introducing or testing a range of new brands and we continue to leverage a full slate of innovative packaging including the Miller Lite punch top can to help build on existing brands. In Central Europe, our results were impacted by a negative foreign exchange and upfront investment behind innovations and marketing efforts ahead of the peak season this year from which we expect strong returns in the second half. These innovations include lemon and grapefruit extensions of some of our leading brands. These line extensions and new packages have been growing strongly this summer and are pulling volume from inside the beer category and from other types of beverages. Additionally, following expansion last year, Staropramen is growing strongly in Central Europe and in our export markets. As a result, we are optimistic that our Central Europe trends in local currency will improve in the second half. In the U.K., we plan to invest in marketing and in our Sharp's Brewery to increase capacity in order to support the strong growth of Doom Bar, which has been the fastest-growing cask ale in the U.K. for the past 3 years. The 2012 investment in our International business will be moderately higher than last year. Finally, the following are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the third quarter. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter declined at a mid-single-digit range versus 2011 and this was related to the year-over-year shift of the Canada Day holiday. In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended July 28, STRs were in line with the prior year. In Central Europe, our sales volumes increased to the high single-digit range for the first month of the quarter. And in on the first 4 weeks of the quarter, our U.K. STRs decreased at a mid-single-digit rate. In the first 4 weeks, our International STRs have increased at a low double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussions today. We've completed an important acquisition that we expect to strengthen our company, enhance our growth profile and increase shareholder value in a relatively short time frame. Increased net sales and NSR per hectoliter on an apples-to-apples basis on solid pricing and we sustained moderate gross margin compression, which we are addressing. We also continue to invest in our key brands and innovation across the business, and most important, on an underlying basis, we grew operating margins, earning per share and free cash flow in the quarter. The markets in which we operate remain tough, but we are taking and will continue to take aggressive steps to drive long-term value for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also as usual at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. That call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. So at this point, Martina, we would like to open it up to -- for questions, please.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, just for clarity, the decline in profitability that we're talking about on a pro forma basis is for the first 6 months, not just for the 2 weeks. We only had the business for 2 weeks. And during that period of time, the business has performed absolutely in line with our expectations. So the main drivers, by far, are the ones that Mark has talked to. There's FX in that. There was very poor weather in February where literally accounts were closed and they couldn't deliver beer, which significantly affected the profits in that particular month. And also the decisions, the strategic decisions, that the team made locally to put money behind the brands in advance of the peak season and that has -- that's really been a, if you like, a movement of funding from the second half of the year into the first half of the year. But over the full year, the marketing expenditure will be much in line with what we expected.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. The number that we gave you was based on current exchange rate, Bryan. So if anything happens to the exchange rate going forward, it would obviously impact that outlook.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, and Bryan, as I sort of highlighted in the script, we've had a chance to look at this business. We can see the structure of the business both in terms of the top line, in terms of the pricing and the margins that are being driven out there plus the cost structure and any likely increased costs that we might have in terms of running the business plus the capital structure that we think we're going to need going forward. And really, as I said in the script, we are very confident of the EBITDA margins. Our local currency are sustainable. We also believe that the initial chore that we made on the business in terms of what we thought we'd have to spend in capital was over ragged and so we -- our capital expenditure going forward is less than we expected. And we also expect to drive up the synergies. So we're very confident on all of those 3 points. And on a much broader basis, I have to say we're very pleased with the business that we bought and we're very confident that we'll hit the sort of return rates that we talked about at the very early part of the 3 to 5 years that we've always outlined.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, the weather was so extreme. The business closed down and even with the rain in the U.K., we never got to that level, so that's -- it's was just a -- I wouldn't say it's a one-off but it was very extreme weather.
Peter S. Swinburn: James, we probably need make this a bit clearer. We didn't make those decisions. Those decisions were made by the previous management. So we deflected -- and they're reflected in the pro forma results. As I already point out, we only had the business for a couple of weeks. So we did not make those decisions. They were made previously.
Peter S. Swinburn: Well, yes. I think that the -- as we said, we've got very strong positions in most of the markets. The team has done a very good job on innovation in terms of line extensions, making new flavors. And a lot of investment that went on in the first half was behind that innovation. And as Mark said, that's really, excuse the term, that's bearing fruit now. The other part of it would be that Staropramen was extended into most of the markets last year and early this year. Investments gone behind that brand and that brand's performing exceptionally well. That's a mixed play because it indexes at around 110, 115 compared to most of our core brands, so that's growing at strong double digits so we're pleased about that. And looking forward, we're currently examining the year and researching the possibility of expanding the Carling brand into some of the markets, but we haven't yet matched the product nor do we have the consumer research back yet. But they would be the 3 main areas I'd highlight.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes. The premium or the above premium, whichever sector we're talking about, they're both mainstream category in all of these markets is pretty limited and so that's an opportunity going forward. And as we -- as GDP grows in these markets, we would expect that sector to -- or that category, sorry, to increase as a percentage of the overall business. Carling will be -- again, we haven't done a consumer research so we can't tell you what exactly what the index would be, but it would certainly be above the average.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Thank you, Martina, and thank you, everybody, for taking part this morning or this afternoon. We really welcome the interest, and look forward to speaking to you at the next quarter's announcement. Thank you.
Mark Hunter: Sure. Really -- let me give you a little bit of context then talk about the specific on COGS. So I think what we've seen in the business has been very impressive and very much in line with our expectations around the quality of the people, the brands, the focus and execution and the discipline and leanness of the business. And certainly, in the first half of the year, following a very, very soft February driven by very poor weather across Central Europe, the business decision to invest aggressively ahead of the peak selling season, so we've seen a significant increase in sales and marketing investment, significant increase in innovation and we've invested more heavily in customer relationships and customer trading and that certainly helped drive momentum in the business. As you heard Peter and Gavin mentioned, we've seen a high single-digit volume growth through July and that's, as you know, our peak selling season so I think those decisions have been well placed. As we've got to the end of the first half, volume run ahead of the market. Our market share is up. Our pricing is up. So for the first half, pricing is up by about 5% and that's more than compensating for any mix or discount activity in the marketplace. And then to your final point, COGS clearly have moved along kind of a high single-digit level in the first half. And to be fair, none of that is MCCE-specific. Most of it is industry-wide challenges around input cost inflation on things like malt, energy and fuel. So I don't think we're not seeing anything unusual in our COGS numbers. As we look to this -- towards the second half, we will be lapping some one-off costs associated with packaging changes and bottle changes in the second half of last year and that will have a dampening effect on COGS as we move through the second half of the year. So that's why we're confident that a high single-digit number will certainly come back through the second half of the year.
Mark Hunter: Yes. So, I mean, just to be clear, if you look at total industry volume and Romania clearly kind of leads the pack across Central Europe, we have a #3 position there. And my sense is as we conducted a current planning process, that we are growing in confidence with our ability to move that business forward. Now it won't be in 12 months, but I believe over the next 36 months we can, with the strength of our brand portfolio, expect to see an appropriate level of increased marketing spend, a broader commercial spend to be fair on an improvement in both our share trends and our bottom line performance. So if you look back over the last 3 to 5 years, this was a far, far more profitable and a larger market for the Central European business. My view is that we can regain a material proportion of that over the course of the next 3 years, but clearly beyond that, I'm not going to offer any detail at this stage.
Mark Hunter: Yes, in the second quarter, unit pricing was up 5% and then mix and discount activity that took about 3% of that, so it gave us a net position of about 2% growth in the second quarter. And that's pretty similar for the first half in total.
Mark Hunter: And Mark, just to clarify that. That $9 million is at the operating income level. The FX impact on EBITDA is actually more significant than that.
Mark Hunter: Yes, so it's probably about $15 million impact at the EBITDA line and about $9 million at the operating income line.
Mark Hunter: Okay, I mean, there's a number of question in there, Mark, so let me try and kind of pick my way through them. The orientation of the business is really from a portfolio perspective to drive everything we can at core, which is our mainstream brands or above and everything we're doing from an innovation perspective should be margin enhancing versus our average margins, so that really is the focus of the commercial team. And the bulk of incremental investment in sales and marketing in the first half or really the second quarter has gone principally behind innovation agenda and our core brands, so you've got to remember we currently got the #1 brand in 4 markets and we're strong #2 or #3 in the other markets. So investing in our core brand, not dissimilar to Coors Light investment in the U.S. or Canadian Coors Light investment in Canada or Carling in the U.K., that remains absolutely central to our thinking. So we're looking to continue to strengthen the backbone of our business through marketing and orientate the business to top line and value growth on the back of the premiumizing the portfolio with a big chunk of that being driven by our innovation agenda. The mix that we refer to is a combination of things that's a shift in some of the dynamic in our customer mix, but we're seeing some shift from our traditional trade to what's called key accounts here or you'd recognize as the grocery channel. And a little bit of mix on packaging types as well as we move from some returnable bottles into more nonreturnable packaging, things like PET in some of the markets. So below the top line, there's a combination of different factors going on and our job is obviously to manage that holistically and make sure that the total number moves in the right direction and that's what the team generally have been doing and continue to do.
Mark Hunter: Well, I'd probably characterize the challenge much more as more general top line growth. So a combination of both pricing, volume and mix all being managed effectively. And the good news is that if you look at overall industry trends, the likelihood of a stronger industry growth than we've seen in other markets is higher because of the economic growth that we have seen here from a GDP perspective. And even against the broader eurozone, we expect GDP growth to be at least twice that we'll see across the broader eurozone and correlation between GDP growth and industry beer volume growth is very strong. So I have relatively high degree of confidence as long as the economic situation doesn't take a dramatic turn for the worst, that the volume growth should come through in the business and if we can continue to manage pricing and mix, as the team have been doing, and drive innovation agenda, maintaining and developing the margins and our local currency level should be well within our capabilities.
Mark Hunter: Well, let me talk specifically about sales and marketing. So on a full year basis, we would expect our sales and marketing to be relatively flat year-on-year, so that's probably the best indication I can give you of the difference in phasing that's taken place in our investment. So on a total year basis, we're currently projecting sales and marketing investment to be generally flat. So you'll need to work back from there how much of that flowed through as incremental in the first half. I don't have that specific number in front of me.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, that's fine. Thanks, Mark. Look, Judy, we're not going to give earnings per share guidance or accretion numbers. What we have given you is our pro forma numbers and we've tried to give you some flavor around what's impacting those pro forma numbers going back and going forward. So that's as far as we can go on that question, Judy.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kaumil. What we're trying to do -- it's Gavin here, what we're trying to do is get back to our pre-acquisition ratios that we had in place. And as we said at the time of acquisition, we would expect that to be in the next 2 to 3 years' time.
Gavin Hattersley: Mark, this is Gavin here. From a second point of view in Central Europe, about 1/3 of that decline was related to FX, a little over $9 million.
Gavin Hattersley: Maybe I'll take the purchase accounting question quickly, Bryan. The purchase accounting had a very minimal impact on our EBITDA and our EBITDA pretax numbers. In fact, the numbers that were announced at the time of the deal, the numbers that were showing down the pro forma are very similar. There's very little difference between the two.
David Dunnewald: And Mark, this is Dave Dunnewald. For a clarification or just looking at the relative size of the -- going from operating to EBITDA, if you look at the size of the depreciation and amortization, you'll see the kind of ratio that Mark just alluded to when he gave you those numbers.
David Dunnewald: No. I mean it's a long-standing trend where we've seen the smaller national and regional brewers playing hard in the value segment and picking up share there. It's the reason that we've done things like the introduction of Keystone a couple of years ago and working hard on our position with it in the value segment. It's a very, very fragmented segment. The competitive set is different in each region and so it takes some finesse to compete in that segment and the work that we have going on, but it is an ongoing trend that we face.
David Dunnewald: Yes, the gap is larger in the West, frankly, than where I'd like to see it. I mean, you have some provinces where value index is as low as a 53, but generally, in the major markets across the country, the gap is manageable. But you will get the exception in a couple of the Western markets where the gaps are large enough that it certainly spills into the mainstream.
David Dunnewald: Do you want me to take Canada first, probably simpler? Our estimate for the quarter is that it was about 2%, a 2% impact on volume.
