Mark R. Hunter: Thank you, Alison, and hello and welcome, everybody, to the Molson Coors earnings call and thanks for joining us today. With me on the call this morning from Molson Coors, we have Tracey Joubert, our Global CFO; Gavin Hattersley, the CEO of our U.S. business; Fred Landtmeters, our Canada CEO; Simon Cox, the CEO of our Europe business; Sergey Yeskov, our International CEO; Lee Reichert, our Chief Legal and Corporate Affairs Officer; Brian Tabolt, our Global Controller; and Dave Dunnewald, Global VP of Investor Relations. Today, Tracey and I will take you through our plans to drive long-term total shareholder returns, highlighting our first quarter results and also discuss our outlook for the business. Along with this, we are offering related slides on the Investor Relations page of our website. As context to our 2018 first quarter results, we finished 2017 as the first full year of a new, larger Molson Coors, with solid financial and commercial performance and excellent progress on integration and synergy-driven cost savings. Our First Choice approach to strengthen and premiumize our portfolio, build strong customer relationships and deliver meaningful profit contribution from our international business, while driving capability, productivity and sustainable cost savings, remains our strategy. And this is underpinned by our absolute and primary focus on cash generation, deleverage, margin expansion and delivering total shareholder returns. In Q1, which is seasonally the smallest profit quarter of the year for us, our Canadian, European and International businesses maintained their underlying progress from 2017. The U.S. beer industry had, as you are aware, a softer-than-anticipated start to the year, which has impacted both top and bottom line performance and which, when coupled with the U.S. distributor inventory destocking and the anticipated cycling of the indirect tax provision benefit in Europe from last year, led to an underlying EBITDA reduction of 18.5% for our company in the first quarter. We do not see these results as indicative of our full-year performance versus our plan and we remain committed to delivering our 2018 guidance. Now, looking more closely at Q1, there are three specific negative performance drivers, one of which is already behind us and another which we expect to fully reverse by the year-end. The first relates to cycling the reversal of the indirect tax provision benefit in Europe, which negatively impacted net sales and pre-tax income by approximately $50 million and is now behind us. The second relates to reduction in U.S. STWs, which declined by 6.7%, as we under-shipped versus last year. U.S. distributor inventory levels were lower than planned, compounded by the rollout of our new ordering system at the Golden brewery, which has taken longer to ramp up than expected. Compared to last year, we under-shipped by approximately 450,000 hectoliters, which represent approximately $30 million of gross profit and we expect this to reverse on a full-year basis, with the negative first quarter profit impact reversing primarily in the second half of this year. The third performance driver relates to overall industry softness with our U.S. brand volume or STRs down by 3.8%, as poor weather dampened overall industry demand. Our market share trends, however, remained consistent with 2017. Against this backdrop of year-over-year headwinds, we continued to drive positive global pricing and improved first quarter EBITDA in Canada, International and Europe, excluding the impact of the indirect tax provision benefit from last year. We expect the International business to contribute meaningfully to the bottom line in 2018 as we anticipate full-year EBITDA delivery of $20 million to $25 million. In the U.S., the suite of consumer and customer activity that is just reaching the market has been very positively received by our distributor network and we're very encouraged by the early reaction to the portfolio additions, such as Sol and Arnold Palmer. Now, we will continue to drive premiumization of our portfolio and our above-premium brands accounted for 19% of our portfolio, consistent with 2017. Despite strong growth from many of our above-premium brands, volume declined by 4% as we reduced promotional intensity in Mexico on Coors Light and saw softer volumes in the U.S. in our flavored malt beverages. Continued premiumization of the portfolio and strengthening our mainstream brands remains central to our approach, as evidenced by the performance within Europe and Canada. Now, let me turn the call to Tracey to give more detail on the first quarter.
Mark R. Hunter: Hey, Andrea. It's Mark here. We don't give that level of guidance either within quarter or on a full-year basis in relation to our volumes. And I think, again, if you take a step back, our market share performance remained consistent in the first quarter with what we've seen over the course of the last number of quarters. I think Gavin and I's view would be that we expect the U.S. industry to be more in line with, I would say, the historical medium-term trends. So, that's how we are planning our business as we look through the balance of this year. So, we don't give specific STR guidance.
Mark R. Hunter: Stephen, let me try and kind of break that down for you. So, to take your last point first, I think we've been consistent. We always try and ship to consumption. So, we expect the relationship between our STWs and our STRs to be in balance by the year-end. So, the imbalance you've seen in the first quarter, we expect to reverse both from a volume and a gross margin perspective through the second half of this year. I think if you then come and look at our total performance, the one thing to bear in mind is that if you look through 2015, 2016 and 2017 on a full-year basis, we've always delivered on our full-year commitments and even when we've had some volatile quarters. So, Q1 of this year is a little bit unusual. There's a couple of big events in there which are unusual and that's why we believe we are still committed to our guidance for this year. If you look historically, the first quarter is only about 14% or 15% of our total profit. So, we've still got the majority of the year ahead of us from a profit delivery perspective. And we've talked again very consistently about the fact that we've retained flexibility in our P&L to deal with either opportunities or headwinds emerge. And we've done that, I think, very successfully over the course of the last two or three years. So, big picture, we've consistently delivered on our full-year performance. We remain committed to our guidance and our full-year plans for this year and we've got the majority of our profits still to deliver through Q2 to Q4. So, that's probably the best context I can give you.
Mark R. Hunter: Dara, it's Mark here. So, let me again try and break that down for you. From our U.S. industry guidance perspective, it's really as per my previous comments, which we expect the balance of the year to be more in line with what we would see as kind of the medium-term historic trends. Clearly, as we have come into this year with the first quarter being softer, as you'd expect in real time, we continue to manage our investment allocation by brands. We tend to plan very much on a spend per hectoliter basis. So, if volumes are higher or lower, then we can flex or spend accordingly. The good news is that because of the disciplines we have in our business around pricing and revenue management and the utilization of our ROMI model, that gives us flexibility as we go through the year. So, the last thing our business needs is any change in the strategy, but clearly, our tactics will continue to evolve as we go through this year and take kind of competitive pressures, industry headwinds, et cetera, but that's pretty normal. And I really would come back to the fact that the first quarter is relatively small. There's a couple of unusual events there. And as an executive team, we are still very committed to a full-year plan and our full-year guidance and we believe we have the flexibility in our P&L to deliver against that accountability.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Amit. Gavin, do you want to just talk a little bit about our progress in relation to the Golden brewery? And then, I'll pick up P&L flexibility unless you've got specific perspective on the Premium Light segment, but start with Golden brewery.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Gavin. And, Amit, just to add, in terms of P&L flexibility in the Premium Light segment, we don't see anything unusual happening in the Premium Light segment from a competitive perspective. We are very clear about what our brands stand for, the consistency of positioning, the way that we're dramatizing that. Clearly, the dramatization of the Coors Light positioning in 2017 didn't meet our expectations and that's why we've sharpened that quite dramatically as we've come into 2018. And the take-up and buy-in to the promotional activity we've got across our distributor network and Coors Light in particular and our partnership with YETI across the summer to really underpin the World's Most Refreshing Beer is the strongest we've seen for many, many years. So, we've got the flexibility, but we've got the plans there and we're going to drive those plans very consistently.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. So, I mean, Gavin, just to kind of try and tie all of that together for you, Judy. I mean, we are still underrepresented in terms of proportion of our above-premium portfolio. It's an enormous opportunity for us as a business. We've made, I think, very positive strides over the last few years and my belief is that there's still a lot of runway for us to go out. Our craft portfolio is in great shape and I believe that there's significant growth still to come from craft. And we're now in hard tea, which we've never been in before. We've got a 1-2 punch on the import segment with Peroni, which is growing strongly, and Sol combined with that and with our FMBs as Gavin mentioned, Redd's is unsatisfactory from a performance perspective and that needs to remain essential to our focus. And in the hard seltzers segment, we know of the pack that we didn't have last year, which is the slim cans and allows us to compete more assertively. And our innovation team continued to work on a range of further additions to that portfolio over time. So, I would say we're in pretty good shape and there's a lot of opportunity ahead of us and the team really are focused on exploiting this opportunity.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. And I think the only thing I would add to that, Vivien, is again, if you take a step back, the U.S. beer industry from a margin-filled perspective continues to expand and still accounts for 25% of the global beer profit build (50:09). So, we got to be a little bit careful that we don't get overly anxious about the U.S. beer industry when it's, A, so large, and, B, continuing to expand from a margin perspective. Beer clearly needs to respond and our portfolio need to respond and we're absolutely in the middle of doing that, but it's something that takes time and we've seen that in other markets, other developed markets around the world as well. So, I really look forward to that, can have a longer conversation on that topic when we get together in New York.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. So, just a full stop on that, Brett, it's big, it's important and it will remain an important part of our portfolio and a lot of our existing brand efforts and our innovation thinking is designed to ensure that we participate fully in terms of the broader flavor opportunities I described from an adjacency perspective to be or so, you'll see more from it as we leave 2018 and go into 2019. So, more of that in due course.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Alison. Thanks, everybody, for the time and attention this morning. We obviously look forward to seeing you in June in New York. Just as a reminder, as a leadership team, we continue to be fully committed to our 2018 plans. There's been no change to our guidance that would come to a small volatile quarter with a couple of big and moving parts in it, but we remain consistent behind our strategy around our portfolio, premiumization of our portfolio, our customer relationships and principally this primary focus on our cash generation deleveraging margin expansion. For 2018, we remain committed to that plan and we remain committed to our guidance. And we look forward to talking to you in more detail and sharing some of our emerging plans and talking about our capital allocation policy as well when we get together with you in New York in June. So, thanks for your time and attention. We look forward to the follow-ups in due course. Thanks, everybody.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah. Sure. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, Bryan. Look, I mean, it's clear that we have had some out of stocks because of the Golden brewery rollout of our new system. It's been relatively more significant in our Central and Pacific Northwest regions and, to a limited degree, in the Great Lakes, while the rest of the country wasn't impacted. From a retail point of view, Bryan, I would say no. I mean, the retailers have, for some time, been taking SKUs levels down. That has actually resulted in increased velocity for some of our faster-moving SKUs. So, I would say no to the second part of your question. And if you look more broadly at STRs and STWs with STWs being down about 6.7%, if you took into account the change in the inventory levels and the impact on shipments, our trend would be much closer to the STR level of down 3.8%.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Sure, Mark. On a comparable basis, Robert, and that excludes the impact of the new revenue recognition accounting guidance, our domestic net sales per hectoliter grew 1.4%. Sales mix was negative by about 90 basis points. That implies growth of 2.3% against net price components. That net price portion does include a benefit from our portion of the federal excise tax law change that reduced it to $16 a barrel for the first 6 million barrels. So, that's in these numbers. And remember, we did pass along 30% of our saving across to our distributors in terms of our economic model. And that would probably about 50 basis points. Our negative sales mix was primarily driven by package mix and it was led by the success of the Keystone 15 packs. Our economy strategies are working really well as you can see by the growth in Keystone, Hamm's and Steel Reserve Alloy Series and, of course, we like the success of our economy strategy, but unfortunately it has a negative impact on mix, which did offset the strong growth of Peroni and Crispin and other regional crafts. Going forward, we're going to stay highly focused on increasing our share of above-premium. We got lots of opportunity to do that, Robert. In Q2, we will ramp up our efforts on Sol and Arnold Palmer Spiked as Mark said in his opening remarks. And we're going to build on Leinie's Summer Shandy volume. Our regional craft companies are going to drive positive mix and so will Blue Moon as we come out of our supply challenges that we've experienced together with the introduction of that new 15 pack and the 24-ounce singles. And we are going to increase our media pressure behind the brand. From a mix point of view, Redd's remains a challenge and we're going to continue to optimize our flavor profiles and with Redd's Wicked, we're going to increase our spend behind that brand. So, given all these efforts, we would expect our mix to improve over the balance of the year.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Good. Thanks, Mark. Good morning, Amit. Look, I mean, in February, as you know we went live with the new draft system in Golden and we had a slow ramp-up than we experienced – than we were expecting. We encountered a few challenges primarily with the brewery warehouse system that slowed our loading and shipping capability. And because of that, we did deal with low inventory and some out of stocks on some brands and PACCs. We've made progress in hitting our production and shipping targets. And though we're not quite fully caught up, we continue to drive progress to ensure that we're positioned well for summer. And as it relates to going forward, obviously, we'll make the necessary adjustments to ensure a successful implementation at our upcoming rollout, specifically building more inventory at a distributor level than we did with Golden. I'd just also point out that Golden is one of the largest and most complex breweries in the world and we do expect our next rollouts to be smoother than that. From an industry point of view, Mark, I would only add one thing to what you've said and that is that most of our plans and activities that we've got for this year started in the second quarter and weren't there in the first. And rollout of Sol, for example, which Mark mentioned in his opening remarks, are a new and enhanced marketing campaign behind Coors Light. All of these things are starting in the second quarter.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah. Sure, Mark. Look, Judy, we've made progress on above-premium, but we've got lots of opportunity there and we're excited about the activity, which largely, as I said, kicked off in the second quarter. We've got our new partnership with Heineken for the import rights to Sol and we've not been able to play in the Mexican import category. And as Mark said in his opening remarks, the initial reaction to Sol has been very positive from both our distributors and from our retailers and more recently, obviously because it hasn't been in the market long, from our consumers. We've got the partnership with AriZona to sell Arnold Palmer Spiked and really we launched that with the 24-ounce cans with one retail chain customer and that did particularly well during the launch. And the 6-packs have only been out in the market for the last 30 days or so and we're seeing a strong uptake on that, which frankly is in direct competition with Twisted Tea, but it is really very early efforts. And we have expansion efforts around our craft acquisitions. We've also got new packaging as I referred to, we've got brand innovations in Blue Moon, we've got it in Leinie's with the Summer Shandy 24-ounce, Crispin Rosé is doing particularly nicely tapping into the rosé segment and we just launched our Henry's Hard Seltzer in slim cans, which is the consumer-preferred pack and our variety pack is doing particularly well. So, I think we've got a lot of activity going on in above-premium, which will further drive growth in that segment for us. Obviously, Redd's remains a challenge for us and we've sharpened the packaging and we're sharpening our flavor profile with both Redd's and Redd's Wicked and we expect that to have positive benefit going forward.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah. Sure, Mark. And good morning, Vivien. Look, I mean, growth in wines and spirits has continued. There's no doubt about that. And consumer demographics, particularly with the younger millennial, the 21 to 27-year old has shifted with their preference shifting from beer to wine and spirits. The beer industry, overall, has become increasingly fragmented with a vast array of SKUs which has hurt us from a category point of view. And there are a number of additional factors. You could call them macro cuts (49:00), right, such as cannabis and that is affecting the industry. So, question is what are we doing about it? And I think from an innovation point of view, we're doing a lot about it. Without wishing to be repetitive, we launched Arnold Palmer Spiked, we've launched Crispin Rosé to tap into the wine drinkers, Zima draws a lot of its drinkers from outside of the beer category, as does Henry's Hard Soda and Henry's Hard Sparkling. Redd's Wicked, (49:27) comes from spirits primarily, as does Steel Reserve Alloy Series. And more recently, we've introduced Two Hats into the economy space, which is a light-bodied lager with a little bit of flavor, which is specifically crafted to attract the 21 to 27-year old and get them to reconsider beers. So, as Mark says, we can get into more detail in June, but that would be a high-level commentary.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Sure, Mark. And the only other thing I would add to your weather comment is in the very few states where the weather has been fairly comparable to last year 2017 in the first quarter, our trends have actually been much better than the overall MillerCoors trends. I'd start Florida (59:08) as an example. From a pricing point of view, our domestic net sales revenue per hectoliter has been pretty consistent for the last four quarters, Pablo. I've given you some direction and insight into how we think mix will look for the balance of the year. And I would just add to that, that most of – in fact all our mix negativity in the first quarter is driven by package mix. In fact, our brand mix was slightly positive. As far as current activity, you always get activity going into the summer selling season and the first big holiday of Memorial Day and nothing terribly different to what we've experienced in prior years.
Gavin D.K. Hattersley: Yeah. Sure, Mark. Look, I mean, just to reiterate what I said, right. I mean, FMB statement is a very competitive segment. And Redd's is a very large brand within that segment and we had remarkable success with Redd's when we launched them in 2015 and part of 2016. It got our annual volume to around 1 billion barrels. This is a big brand for us. It generates profitability for us. And despite its challenges recently, it remains a big and profitable brand for us. Redd's Wicked is – we're pleased with the performance of Redd's Wicked and we're leaning in hard there with new flavors. For example, Redd's Wicked Lemonade, which will be coming out shortly and we believe will challenge our competitors. And then, I spoke to Arnold Palmer Spiked, I spoke to sparkling water category, which we believe is sticky. We believe that's a category that will stay and grow and we intend to be strong participants in that with our new slim can and the variety pack, which we've just launched. And then, of course, we've got Zima, which had a remarkable comeback last year and we're increasing our production and volume for that brand and we're actually lengthening its period, which it will be in the market from a Memorial Day point of view. So, that's how I would summarize our view on the Flavored Malt Beverage category.
Tracey Joubert: And, Mark, if I could just add there as well and, Stephen, just to talk a little bit about the COGS side, so we do have a very robust hedging program. We're not fully hedged, but that does provide partial protection to our COGS line. And then, as Mark has mentioned around flexibility in our P&L, there are levers that we can pull and we've shown that in the past that we can do that in order to protect our bottom line and deliver on our medium-term guidance as well as our guidance for 2018.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. Sure. So, Lauren, if you're looking at our Q1 corporate expense versus last year, just a reminder, we were still ramping up the investments in our Centers of Excellence last quarter. So, that will be the big driver to this year, but our guidance for the full year is in line with our 2017 numbers. And as a reminder, the guidance is $180 million, plus or minus 10%. So, there's no significant increase in our corporate expense from prior year.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So – and Mark, yeah, we committed to our guidance of $1.5 billion, plus or minus 10%, for this year. And just a couple of drivers of that in terms of levers, so obviously our income is a driver and that's why it's so important for us to deliver against our cost savings target, so that we can protect that bottom line and the EBITDA margin guidance that we have given. But some of the other levers in our balance sheet and our free cash flow is obviously working capital, so there's timing of working capital at year-end as well that impacts that as well as a lever to pull would be around our discretionary CapEx. So, whether we invest discretionary CapEx or not would be something that we could potentially look at, but we're committed to our guidance of $1.5 billion for this year.
Tracey Joubert: No. Judy, we don't split it up in a detail quarter-by-quarter. So, it's really what we're looking at for the full year 2018 versus our full year of 2017. So, we don't have the detail by quarter.
