Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Thanks. Good morning, Andrea. Look, in June, we filled the orders that our distributors placed and when you couple that with lower-than-expected industry-wide sales, it did increase our distributor inventory at the end of the quarter by a couple of days. On the positive side, the higher level of inventory really helped us to increase our service levels, coming into the 4th of July holiday and that worked well for us as we had a 22% reduction in distributor out-of-stocks compared to the last year. On a full-year basis there, Andrea, our year-to-date STRs are down 2% and our STWs are down 2.1%. So they are converging. And we duly estimate that our Q3 distributor inventory levels will be in line with the prior year. So that implies a pullback in inventories, as Mark said in his prepared remarks. And for the year-end inventory levels, we'll continue to evaluate that, but our current expectation is to ship to consumption within the year.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Sure, Mark. Thanks. Look, I mean, if you break out our pricing recovery, Vivien, we got 80 basis points of net pricing growth that obviously excludes the 40 basis points impact of the FET drawbacks. And our sales mix added about 60 basis points. And it was attributed really to the improvement we saw across the board in our Above Premium portfolio just driven by the performance of the new craft companies. The Leinenkugel's Shandy brands, I mean, we're on track to have a record summer with Shandy, Blue Moon Belgian White, and of course, the limited time release of Zima. And we also saw in the second quarter, Henry's trends improved relative to Q1 when the brand was tackling it's the first quarter in the market from 2016. So, I would say those are the hard spots in the Above Premium, Vivien.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Mark. Vivien, you're right. It's no secret that the beer industry in June was soft according to Nielsen, and we did see some growth in wine and spirits accelerating in June. And particularly, in the low end with some promotional activity, particularly with vodka. From a beer industry point of view, we obviously need to take wine and spirits seriously as an industry. And as I mentioned at the BR Conference in July, we need to be pro-beer first and try to differentiate our category from wine and spirits, and we need to do that together. And at MillerCoors, we're committed to investing in our brands and transforming our portfolio to bringing incremental drinkers into the category. And you'll see us continue to make bold moves like we have with the economic strategy, we've got the full craft partners and we've recently signed those agreements with Sol and with Arnold Palmer Spiked. So, June was a rough month from an industry point of view but that's all it was. It was one month and I'm optimistic about what's ahead for MillerCoors in the industry and I'm confident the industry is going to come together and focus on what's really important for us, which is the quality of our beers and the consumers that enjoy them. From a second part of your question, we're not raising a fundamental deceleration of pricing overall in the U.S. There's always some level of promotional activity in – during summer and 2017 is no different. If you look at it over a longer timeframe, our full year 2016 net pricing growth, it's actually slightly higher than our full year of 2015. So, no real fundamental deceleration.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure, Mark. Thanks. And, Brett, yes, you're absolutely right and we are doing that. So, if you look at the fact that we came into this year with higher distributor inventories at the end of December that was to make sure that we improved our performance in this sort of January timeframe, which has traditionally been a bit of a difficult month for us because of our start-up of the breweries coming out of the seasonal festivities, and that worked well for us, and out-of-stocks reduced meaningfully there. And we do it when we head into Memorial Day. This one obviously had an impact because it crossed over a quarter with the timing of July, the 4th. We've also introduced safety stocks of some of our faster-moving SKUs. And overall, I think, you will see a – and there has been a meaningful improvement in our service levels to our distributors.
Gavin Hattersley: Sure. Yeah. I mean we actually came out of last year in Q4 quite strongly. So, I'm not totally sure I agree with you Pablo on the comps are going to be easier, Q4 was actually quite tough. And of course the focus that we're placing on Above Premium and shifting our portfolio and accelerating the Above Premium is obviously having a benefit as you saw in our mix benefits in the second quarter, Pablo. And of course we continue to focus on cost of goods sold, which is low single-digits in the quarter and from a guidance point of view. And Mark talked quite extensively about the work that we're doing on marketing spending and ROMI, and more effectively spending our money and the benefits of becoming part of a global procurement organization as to how we leverage the synergies and the agency cost. So, that's what I would say on the margin, Mark.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Mark. Thanks, Pablo. Look, yeah, hard for me to give you an answer as to why there's a different between what you're seeing in Nielsen and the other industry guys and what we're coming up with. What I can say to you is that on-premise volume trends continue to underperform relative to off-premise. And there's obviously a number of factors that are driving that lower foot traffic due to the economic impact and the economic environment. And frankly, the on-premise business has lost a relatively greater share to wine and hard liquors. From a MillerCoors perspective in recent quarters, we've narrowed that gap with our on-premise volume trends actually improving and a big part of that is building with beer which is being well received by the retailers. And we're also taking that into C stores, liquor stores and grocery. So, that's what I would say on that. As far as shelf space is concerned, obviously premium and economy segments are facing lots of challenges from a category headwind point of view, and from shelf spaces as well. But consumer interest in those segments remains really high, and it still represents 60% of the beer sold in the United States. So, from a retailer perspective, premium and economy priced lagers do remain the fastest moving brands in the industry, and they've proven to be profitable. So, reallocating shelf space to brands that have lower velocities like Mexican imports doesn't really make a whole lot of business sense. And we believe that all three price segments play an important role for the category, just as they do for wine and spirits, and we participate in all three of those segments. So, taking away shelf space from premium and economy segment is not going to help grow the category, because as we saw with the economy drinker, when you ignore them, they just end up going to wine and spirits. So hope that answers your question.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. Thanks, Gavin. And then, Andrea, just on the other part of your question. With regard to our marketing investments for the year, I mean, clearly, quarter-to-quarter, there is always some fluctuations depending on the timing of activity. We expect our marketing investment on enterprise level to be slightly higher in the third quarter compared to last year. But right across our business, the number one priority with our marketing spend is to drive higher effectiveness and productivity. You've seen that with the use of the return on marketing investment model or ROMI in the U.S. We've now rolled that into the Canada business and it's starting to really unlock some significant efficiency savings, and we'll be taking that into the UK later this year and into 2018. So, we'll continue to retain the flexibility on our discretionary line items on our P&L to ensure that we deliver our bottom line, but we will also balance that with ensuring that we're investing at the right level to drive our brand performance. And I think, you've seen that with our share performance virtually across all of our markets.
Mark R. Hunter: Some of it was timing. Some of it was non-working, and you're starting to see the benefit of us really now looking an aggregated approach in terms of our marketing spend, our agency partners and our procurement impact as we drive our global procurement agenda. So, that some of that's starting to play through in terms of unlocking value which we can either drop to the bottom line or invest back in the business. That's good news as the integration proceeds positively.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah. So, Laurent, thanks for the question. So, I mean clearly contract brewing is something which is an arm's length relationship that we have. It's included within our financial volume, but it's not a focus for the leadership team and the business. So, the majority of people in our organization we have to deliver on the demand that comes through from the third parties that we have that contract brewing relationship with. So, to be honest the contract brewing volumes will fluctuate based on the success of those third party brands in the marketplace and we can't really influence that. And I would just remind you it's relatively low margin business. Clearly it gives us overhead recovery. So, it's not a big driver of our overall financial performance.
Mark R. Hunter: Well, I think, the pub situations are relatively well publicized situations. Clearly, we're in a litigation process at the moment, and that will hopefully come to a conclusion as we get into 2018. So, I really don't want to comment any further on that at this stage.
Mark R. Hunter: Thanks, Gavin. Thanks, Vivien. And, Vivien, thanks for your feedback as well on the financial release. That's much appreciated.
Mark R. Hunter: Judy, it's Mark. Just to give you a little bit more color on that. I mean, if you look at the constituent parts, the cost savings program. So, really solid progress on our global procurement, that's integrating and as we push into that, clearly, some things we're looking to try and accelerate. We're pushing harder into some of the retail (32:43) opportunities that we didn't have the visibility to as we went through due diligence ahead of the deal closing. North American supply chain, we've now started to move some volume, announced we're moving some volume from the U.S. up into Canada. And our global shared service initiative is very much on track. Leadership team is in place. Our shared service center in Romania is up and running and performing strongly. And I feel very good about how that is developing and we'll really start to, I think, deliver ongoing savings as we get to the end of 2018 and into 2019. IT integration is performing strongly and our global commercial group is really coming together powerfully as well. So, literally, six months to nine months post-closing, I would say, very, very solid progress on all fronts.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Tracey. And then, Steve, just to your perspective coming out of the Analyst Day in June, I think, the messaging back to us was loud and clear. And clearly, we've had further discussions with our Board based on some of that feedback. I think we feel good about the guidance that we've offered. I think if there was any miss or disconnect that relates to the fact that our aspiration for our business is to improve the trajectory of our top line. And that top line plus our EBITDA margin expansion which I believe is measured and balanced over the medium term allows us to drive our bottom line EBITDA performance in a sustainable way. And I think, in a number of conversations I've had with investors, I've clarified that – clearly, I will retain flexibility on the P&L if we believe that the top line isn't coming through because markets are softer or there's other factors, we'll retain the flexibility to protect their absolute profit performance. And that's what we've agreed with our Board. So, I think, if there's any message, maybe a lack of belief in our ability to get our top line moving. But I think you have seen certainly in our current quarter results that we are making that happen in many parts of our business. We're driving initiatives that are going to further premiumize our portfolio. And there's two been announced already in the U.S. We continue to work on others. And we're seeing very, very strong volume growth, which is an impact to our total level in our international business, and I believe, there's a lot more to come there as well. So, our belief is that we'll deliver absolute profit growth and we'll do that with a balance of an improved top line delivery on our costs and synergy targets, but with flexibility retained on our P&L to protect that bottom line performance.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. Thanks, Mark. Let me offer a few headlines. If I miss anything, Fred, then let me know. Clearly the addition of the Miller brands back into the portfolio in Canada is meaningful and you've seen share growth now in Q1 and in Q2 which is very encouraging including the addition of those brands. And I believe there's more potential to come because it's certainly over the course of the last 12 months to 18 months, the brands weren't particularly well supported or focused on by the previous owners. But we've seen share growth come through and we've seen consistent solid pricing growth come through in the first and second quarter. Unfortunately in the second quarter, industry was very soft in the months of May. So excluding May, we've actually been pretty much on track for our plan for this year. Premiumization of the portfolio is working very positively. You do have to remember clearly, a large part of that premiumization effort is in partner brands, so not all of the field margin flows through on our P&L. But clearly the biggest kind of the driver of overall profit improvement will be improved performance in both Coors Light and Molson Canadian. They're such a large part of our portfolio. It's priority one, two, and three for Fred and the team. We've seen sequential improvements in our share performance, but clearly, we're still not satisfied with absolute volume numbers, and we're seeing some very encouraging pockets of improvement, particularly in the West, national accounts, LCBO, et cetera. But we've still got more work to do there. So I'm encouraged with the inputs. Still not satisfied with the outputs is probably how I would mark ourselves at this stage, Mark.
Mark R. Hunter: Mark, just to add maybe two more comments on that front, because I think this is important, that there's no expectation that we need to step up our spend in Canada. If anything, we want to drive further effectiveness on our spend, and we've taken the return on marketing investment model from the U.S. into Canada, and that's starting to throw up some very interesting opportunities for us to drive further efficiency. We've got a major initiative now up and running with a new resource in Québec in particular around our trade promotional investment, and again that's starting to really, I think, pay dividends. We've taken Building with Beer from the U.S. and have launched that in Canada as well, which drives executional effectiveness at the front-end of the business. And I think I mentioned last year that Sergey Yeskov who was our GM and President for our business in Croatia and Bosnia is now leading the whole of our sales force. And I'm delighted with the progress that Sergey is making again driving much enhanced sales execution at the front-end of the business. So it's still early days but very encouraged by the combination of both front-end execution and just the way that Fred's leading the business around kind of prioritization and spend effectiveness.
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. So let me pick that up specifically, Bryan. So, firstly, the cost savings number is not in the $550 million because the brewery build-out is beyond the guidance we've given around 2017 to 2019. So that will be included in our next three-year cost-saving cycle, so more to come on that. Our assumption is it's included within our current free cash flow and CapEx guidance going forward. So we'll manage that within our existing envelope. And the way to think about the Montréal brewery build-out, and clearly this is something we looked at in a lot of detail. We have two options. One was to develop a brownfield site on our existing site – and I'm not going to give you specific numbers, but let's just say that was hundreds of millions of dollars – are building a greenfield site, which again is hundreds of millions of dollars. The greenfield site drives significantly enhanced productivity and cost savings numbers versus trying to build out a greenfield. So far a relatively small incremental investment. We get a significant return that pays back very quickly because of the ongoing cost savings. And certainly from a pack perspective, it makes an awful lot of sense for us. And I think once we are into further conversations and communication with our employees and confirmation of the exact site, we can give you a little bit more detail. But hopefully that deals with the three parts of your question.
Mark R. Hunter: It will be similar in terms of selling to – unfortunately the real estate market in Québec isn't quite as hot as the real estate market in (48:18) Vancouver. So I wish it was, but clearly that site will help offset some of the cost, and the intention is to retain a heritage and brew pub vehicle or presence on that site as well just to underpin our legacy in Montréal and Québec.
Mark R. Hunter: Yeah, I think the only thing I would add, Pablo, is just connect that to my earlier comments that we've tried to, I think, deliver what we believe will be a measured and sustainable improvement and our overall EBITDA margins, and connect that with our aspiration and our plan to get our top line moving. So, those two things have got to work in tandem. So, hopefully I've given you some color around your first question. I think, your second question is (1:08:13).
Mark R. Hunter: Okay. So, Laura, thank you and thanks everybody for your interest in the Molson Coors Brewing Company. Also many thanks for the feedback on our quarterly reporting. Hopefully, you recognize that you've been heard and we've made some improvements. Please keep your feedback coming, it's invaluable and we'll continue to try and drive a real clarity and transparency as we continue the dialogues. So, thanks again and we look forward to seeing many of you in Boston next month. Thank you.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. Hi, Judy. So, just a couple of things. As I've said before, my priority is to generate free cash flow as quickly as possible, so that we can deleverage, and we've made that commitment to the rating agencies to be around four times by the end of 2018. So, U.S., I mean, we are generating stronger free cash flow and that has allowed us to make this incremental contribution to our U.S. pension plan. So, that is the U.S. pension plan. So I do want to remind you that pension contributions are deductible for tax. That $200 million in gross. You would need to tax effect that to get the net number. And then, the other part that goes in to our free cash flow is obviously our working capital and the timing of working capital does play into the guidance that we've given of the $1.2 billion, plus or minus 10%. And in terms of looking forward to 2018, we're not ready to give guidance here for 2018. We will do that early in 2018 to help with that.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So, Judy, look, we – our cost savings and synergy plans are on track. And so, we are pleased that we are delivering the cost savings. We have, as you rightly mentioned, we've said that for 2017, it is going to be more than the $175 million. However, we are not breaking that up quarter-by-quarter because that number does fluctuate and this is for the full year, it will be more than $175 million and we are very pleased with our plan so far to deliver the $550 million over the three years.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So, hi, Steve. So, the additional contributions that we made is to the U.S. plan. So, it is pulling forward next year's contributions. We had an opportunity to do that. However, the U.S. isn't the only pension plan. So, I don't want to say that there won't be any further contributions to pension plans, but this one is a pull forward for the U.S. plans. Having said that, there's a number of things that enter our decisions as to the amount to contribute to our pension plans, and one of those is market performance against our assets. So, depending on how the assets perform, will also tell us how much we need to contribute. And then just going forward, we're not going to give any contribution guidance at this stage, but we will do that again early next year, depending again as how our assets and our plan performs.
Tracey Joubert: Yeah. So, a couple of things maybe just to keep in mind. So, Gavin did mentioned the fourth quarter of last year for the U.S. Just to give a number around that, we're cycling in Q4 for MillerCoors, and a pre-tax income increase of 42%. So, that's a big headwind for us in Q4. The other thing just to mention is we – in Q3 we're cycling one more quarter of the Canada brand amortization. If you recall in Q4 of last year we reclassified some of our brands to definite lives. So, we've got one more quarter of that cycle in Q3. And then the other thing just to mention from a Canada point of view is the COGS per hectoliter last year in Q4 was actually a reduction, so recycling very positive performance in Q4 of last year. And then another headwind just to consider is we do have the higher corporate cost as you mentioned. We are investing, for example, behind our global business services that we opened in May in Romania, and we're investing behind the shared service center that we'll be keeping in Milwaukee. So, there is a couple of costs to consider for this year that we will be investing and also cycling some performance. And then, again, just to remind you, the 30 basis points to 60 basis points, we do look at that over a longer term, so three years to four years.
Simon Cox: Yes. Thank you, Mark. So, as Mark stated, the Coors Light brand in Europe is really predominantly a UK and Ireland brand. And frankly, it continues to perform very well. We're investing behind, as you know, premiumizing our portfolio. That's working very sell. Coors Light is a big part of it. And once again, Coors Light showed double-digit growth in the UK and Ireland. So a brand with real momentum that we're very pleased with, we're going to continue to invest behind, and those investments are really paying off for us.
Simon Cox: Yeah. MAT will be something like 1.3 million hectoliters now, Mark, and obviously continuing to grow strongly. So very positive.
Simon Cox: Yeah. I guess the concern with the results could be that is it all coming from things that we've transferred in. So Miller brands or the exports and license brands in all MCI. And that, of course, does play a positive role in the numbers. But to give you some real reassurance. If you strip that away, we would still have good volume growth on the underlying and core business through both our core brands and growth in our premium brands. We would still have positive pricing, and we would still have positive mix. So the underlying business has pulled the hat trick this quarter with volume, pricing, and mix, and I think any quarter that we do that in Europe would be a very strong quarter. I think particularly pleasing is where we're putting our marketing investments, particularly behind premiumizing the portfolio on the existing business that's working. So Staropramen has great momentum; frankly, more or less across every country that we're putting it into Europe, and we've unified the visual identity of Staropramen in the Czech Republic and internationally, which helps us really market that brand efficiently and consistently. We talked about Coors Light, which continues to be a star for us. Blue Moon, we're really starting to see that accelerate, particularly in UK and Ireland, and our craft volumes continue to perform well. So just to give you some reassurance, if you strip away some of the tailwinds that we get through the acquisition and the transfer in, we still had a very solid performance underlying. And all those inputs have led to – if you strip away currency, a 21% increase in EBITDA. So, overall, I would say a very, very strong performance in Europe, both supported by some of the transfers in, but more importantly a very strong performance in the underlying business also.
Simon Cox: Yeah. I don't want to disaggregate too much, but we've been between those two numbers, something like that.
Simon Cox: Yeah. I'm having a good day. Yeah. So, in terms of pricing and mix, so as you've seen in our release, our NSR per hectoliter was up 3.7%. That was more driven by mix than by pricing. So, pricing was about 0.3% and mix was 3.4%. And what we're trying to do in Europe and this is obviously not unique, we try and make sure that we have a good balance between our volume growth, our pricing growth and our mix, and we try and make sure those three levers are in fairly good calibration. And if we can get all three moving at the same time, then we would really regard that as a very positive quarter. I'd like a little bit more on pricing, but the environment isn't always allowing us to do that, and therefore I think our volume result being as it is and our mix result being as it is gives us actually a very strong underlying revenue growth story. And it's premiumization that's really helping us do that. So, without wanting to be too repetitive, it's really the investments that we're putting behind Staropramen which has a premiumizing effect on our revenue, it's Coors Light in the UK and then it's our Blue Moon and craft portfolio and then some other investments that we're putting behind our Central European premiumization program. So, that's the main drivers of that. In terms of marketing spend, if you look at our long-term history, we've been increasing marketing spend year-on-year since we made the StarBev acquisition in 2012, and that's what's been driving a lot of our positive results. Quarter-by-quarter, we'll always going to get a little bit of volatility. So, I don't want to give you too much of a steer on that quarter-by-quarter because I just don't think that's necessarily helpful. We did spend more in Q1 and we did spend a little less in Q2. That's not necessarily anything systemic. We want to invest where it's most effective. And our view this year is we just needed to move some of those programs around, and particularly get off to a good start by investing more in Q1. But generally speaking, it's the same answer you've got from Canada or in America that timings may vary from quarter-to-quarter. But overall, we're just trying to make sure that we're efficient in terms of our investments. And I think if you look at our outputs, again, volume, price, and mix, then our marketing investments are working very well for us. But you will see a little bit of variability quarter-to-quarter and I wouldn't read too much into it.
Simon Cox: Yeah. I mean, we – no, we haven't and we wouldn't intend to disclose that either. I mean, just to give you some context, there's over 100,000 licensed outlets in the UK on-trade of which Punch A represents less than 2%. So, we wouldn't be overly concerned about that. The other thing to notice is that obviously a large majority of that estate is the lease-intensive estates, where the ultimate decision makers on what gets put on the bar are the tenants and the licensees. And whilst we would expect some of that to be influenced by Heineken's purchase, it's not the same as having a manager stays in our brands to compete very, very effectively in that sector of the marketplace. So, I'm not factoring that in significantly to our UK performers which continues to be very strong.
