David Perkins: ... and in Molson volume for quarter 3. Nonetheless, we did see underlying softness in the industry. Hand in hand with that, we saw a pretty competitive pricing environment, so more beer being sold on promotion across the country. And the other thing that we saw that was very significant for us was a strong shift to cans that has been unfolding through the year. And just to give you a sense of the significance, in a market like Québec, where it was most pronounced, we saw cans increase about 30%, so very significant shift. Within that context, we maintained positive pricing. I think you've seen in our NSR per hec numbers that we've led the industry there. So I'm pleased on the pricing front. We lost about 1 share point. We estimate 1/2 of that share loss is related to can shortages that we ran through the quarter. And so we had difficulty meeting that unexpectedly large shift to cans. We're at very high capacity utilization, our first season of ramping up our major new can line in Montreal. And so we did run some reasonably extensive shortages of product. So that would account for about 1/2 the share loss, as I said. The remainder of the share loss is really what I've talked about in prior quarters, you've seen it in recent quarters, and it's the segment shifting that we continue to experience. So we're very well developed in the mainstream. We are less well developed in above-premium, but we're growing our share there, and that's really a focus for us. And then we're quite underdeveloped in value where we see growth. And through Keystone and the use of regional brands, we continue to attempt to strengthen our position there. And so the segment shifting is really the key factor in the underlying longer-term trend that you're seeing, and in this quarter, as I say, amplified by a can shortage. Just to give you a sense on the regional front, we did moderate our share decline in the West. We were more price competitive in the quarter. And we saw a response to that, that gives us confidence as we continue to play with the price and volume balance, that we do have responsiveness in our portfolio. Unfortunately, the gains we made in the West were more than offset by lost sales in the East with the can shortage.
David Perkins: Yes, that is behind us. And as we look to next year, with the can line in year 2 and with advanced planning, we're confident in our ability to meet what seems to be a pretty strong trend in the market. As far as October is concerned, just to give you a sense there in what we're seeing, I mean, there's probably 2 key factors. We are cycling the strongest quarter from an industry perspective that we saw last year. So the industry, even taking out the 53rd-week effect, was up 1.8%. So it was a strong result, and that was behind very good weather that we're not benefiting from this year. And the NHL lockout is a major -- NHL is a major property for us. Hockey generates a lot of beer occasions in Canada, whether it's in bars, in home or in the venues. And it's a really important part of how we activate behind our power brands, Coors Light and Canadian. So we're obviously working to replace the hockey programming, but hockey would be the premier property. And on top, we lose the direct volume in the hockey venues that are ours.
David Perkins: Well, I wouldn't give guidance on what we're doing in Q4 on marketing spend. What I'd say is we are looking for and are working behind substitute programming to ensure that we remain competitive in the quarter. But as I said earlier, there is no doubt that this property is quite unique in its impact both on industry volume and on our share. And so to think that we can actually replace it in the short term, I think, is unrealistic.
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure. Thanks very much. Well, as we flagged in the earnings, we're actually increasing our G&A marketing spend in the U.S. by a figure of around about $20 million. So the short answer is yes, we're taking some action. We did increase our marketing spend this year, which we flagged at the beginning of the year. In terms of how we're addressing it, I think Dave alluded to the fact -- and I think Tom did in the U.S. earnings call this morning, that most of our portfolios are skewed towards mainstream premium. And we suffer from not having enough exposure to above-premium. And what you'll see is both from -- in all of our innovation activity that we've undertaken over the last couple of years and going forward, we're very much skewed towards premiumizing the portfolio. And so we're looking to mix as being a big driver for us over a 2- to 3-year period. So if you look at some -- again, U.S. was talked about this morning, but if you looked at what we did in the U.K. this year with Carling Zest, that was very much a premium play. The Coors Light Iced T was a premium play. Aluminum Pints, it's selling at an index of 1 10 to 1 20 was a premium play, and so on. And so really, that's the way that we're dealing with it.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, we'll be in a position to give you much more detail, I would suspect, when we have our analyst call next year in New York, and so we can be much more definitive then. In terms of the overall approach, I mean, we've consistently said that we see cost saving as something that's an ongoing task within the business. We believe there is more cost to take out of the business, and we're actively seeking to do that at the moment.
Peter S. Swinburn: Sure, Mark, I'll take that. Short answer, no, it was not motivated or driven by anything that happened in September or October. We always planned to look at this and probably do it. It's pretty standard for most businesses to have a European platform, which -- the honest truth is we expected integration to be slower and take longer than we expected. We are -- really, this is a good news story because the integration has gone much more smoothly and has bedded in much more quickly than we expected. So we just feel we're in a position to be able to make this call earlier than we would've otherwise done, simple as that.
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it's very clear, Bryan, and it's a great point, and you've got it spot on. We -- in no way are we abandoning the top line. I mean, the business really has to show top line growth. It's a journey, though, so as I said earlier, a lot of what we're trying to do is to get the above-premium part of our overall portfolio moving in the right direction. We have undoubtedly suffered from a lack of consumer demand in a number of our markets in this quarter. But the cost-saving piece is just the other part of the triangle. We've consistently said that we will continue to look at cost savings and continue to drive down costs in the business. So really, it's not an either/or, it's very much doing both of them.
Peter S. Swinburn: Thank you, Chrissy. Thank you for everybody for joining us today and for your interest in the business, and we look forward to speaking to you again at the fourth quarter earnings call. Thanks very much.
