David Perkins: Judy, it's Dave Perkins. Thanks for the question. So Q1 was heavily impacted by cycling the Olympics, as you mentioned, from last year, and we're continuing to feel economic pressures. I think including the increasing gas prices that we've seen over the last few months, we haven't had particularly good weather to date in Canada. I think that's an impact as well. But really, the 2 factors is cycling the Olympics and the economic pressures. It's tough to give you a much color on April than we have some benefit from Easter timing, but we've also got the offset of what has continued to be quite weak weather. And so we also don't have insight into industry volume relative to share. But certainly, we're feeling better about what we're seeing in April than that we saw in the first quarter.
David Perkins: Yes. Well, the context there, Judy, over the last 18 months, as you know, we've been focused on strengthening our portfolio, and we've had programs behind our core brands to renew those. We've had a pretty aggressive innovation agenda, and we invested to become price competitive in the market. As a result of that, we saw strong share growth last year that we felt very good about. Over the last 3 quarters, we've been flexing the strength of that portfolio to restore our revenue growth. And what we've seen in the first quarter is quite encouraging in the sense that we saw about 3% increase through pricing, which helped offset about one point of mix headwinds for us. So that felt good. There's no question that where we increased our NSR per hectoliter, we did see some share decline to the smaller national and regional brewers who appear to have stepped up their discounting. So as we go forward, we'll -- we're going to have our continued aggression behind innovation, behind our core brand renewal. And we'll continue to watch the price and volume balance to ensure that we're allowing our strategic brands to deliver what they need to deliver for us.
David Perkins: And, Judy, can I just clarify the number you quoted for Canada COGS, you said mid-single digit. Just recognize that is with the NAB impact factored into that. What we're in fact seeing is low single-digit without the NAB impact in there.
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, there's 2 impacts from NAB, one will be some volume leverage benefit, and the other will be a margin benefit, income benefit.
David Perkins: Yes, in the case of Canada, through to April 23, there would be some Easter benefit in there. Easter in Canada we don't estimate to be a huge beer event or beer occasion, but it does have some impact.
David Perkins: Well, in the first quarter of last year, I believe, we gained about a 0.5 share point, which is similar to what we've given up this quarter. Certainly, we would've had some share benefit last year from our position within the Olympics. But I think there are the 2 factors that play into this, one is the Olympic effect, and the other is on increased discounting, what appears to be increased discounting by the smaller brewers. And I think they both play into this. And if you ask me to weight them, I'd put a higher weight on the pricing strategy or the pricing that we're seeing from the smaller brewers.
David Perkins: There are minimum prices in 3 of the western provinces, and there are brands at those legal minimums. The mainstream brands, Molson Canadian, Coors Light, would tend to be quite a bit above those minimum prices.
David Perkins: Yes. Well, obviously, couldn't give guidance on what I think our share will be. What I would say is we're very much focused on continuing to build the strength of our portfolio. I like our innovation program coming up for the summer. As Peter talked about, Molson M has gone into Ontario and the west, Canadian 67 into Québec. We've got 2 new flavored entries with 67 Sublime and Miller Chill Lemon and a little bit beyond that, that we'll be putting into the market. So I feel good about what's going in. Some interesting programming behind Molson Canadian for the summer as well, which I think consumers will respond well to.
David Perkins: We're continuing to see innovation delivering in between 2 and 3 share points in our business, and so it feels like a good, solid contribution. I have not seen that tailing off at all.
David Perkins: Well, I think that the major difference I see in the environment relative to before is really what I commented on, on the smaller brewers. I think the pricing environment, generally, is quite stable, with that exception. And we've seen some selective price increases and general price increases go through in various markets and seem to be sticking.
David Perkins: In aggregate, yes, NSR per hectoliter was up 3%, offset by a point of mix headwind. And just give you the clarification that in that increase, there's reduction in dealing back or special offers to the consumers as well. So it's a combination of some frontline price increases, general price increases and reduced deal back.
David Perkins: There are 2 provinces in which we saw change in the first quarter. And one that has gone through in -- since the beginning of the second quarter.
David Perkins: Well, for instance, in Québec, at the beginning of April, the minimum price would have gone up about 1.8%, in line with the CPI. And in the west, the increases tend to be in line with CPI as well.
David Perkins: Yes, it's not an ongoing benefit. So it was in the quarter, and it was -- it accounts for about 2/3 of the favorability that you've seen on our MG&A for the quarter.
David Perkins: Okay. Let me just comment, then, on the category trend. If you take out the Olympic quarters of Q1 of 2010, generally what we've been seeing in the surrounding quarters is volume decline in the 1.5% to 2% range. And so without any abnormal quarters, that's what we seem to be seeing. We believe that the bulk of that is economic circumstances. And as to when that will improve, I mean, it's impossible to say. We just -- we get our portfolio into shape, but when that does improve, we'll be a big beneficiary of it.
David Perkins: Yes, I think there was a couple of factors. One is there were some larger pack sizes that were being marketed in certain provinces like Ontario, 28-packs that were quite aggressively sold, and we think that did have some benefit to industry volume. Weather last year through the summer was quite incredible here, which probably also had some impact. So there's a lot of noise in what's going on in the industry, but I think the underlying trend that we're feeling appears to be economic factors.
David Perkins: The mix impact that we saw, James, was really the launch of Keystone, Keystone Light last year, and so it's the impact of that in our mix. As we strengthened our position in the value segment of the business, we've had that mix impact.
David Perkins: Yes. I mean, the value category performance does vary. The absolute size of the category, the penetration of the category varies. It is higher in the west than it is in the balance of the country. It's lower in Québec because so much beer is sold at minimum price there. The growth trends that we see would tend to be higher in the west and, again, lower in Québec, Ontario and the middle.
S. Glendinning: Yes. So, Judy, we really don't, for competitive reasons, give out a great amount of detail on our hedging. I mean, as I've shared in the past, these hedging programs obviously have a lot more hedged in the more immediate periods than in the later periods and do basically span a period of years. We take into account our -- the current cost situation and what we're seeing in commodity pricing in terms of giving you that guidance. And that's the reason we give the guidance is to just try to make that a little bit easier for you. So for the moment, I would rely on that. And to the extent that we see any changes, then we'll update you next quarter. I will say that if you just look at where commodities are currently, they're pretty high prices relative to what, perhaps, we've seen in the last 12 months. And so you have to expect a lot more increase in order to see those -- that inflation number moving around.
S. Glendinning: Yes. I mean, the answer is that there's a 4% appreciation, but the earnings for the quarter are so small that it's not material. It's not worth really flagging.
S. Glendinning: Christine, just so -- we finally settled the swap. Last year, we reentered into a number of instruments to try to lock out some of the gain, and the final settlements took place in the first quarter. And that's what you're seeing here flowing through the numbers.
S. Glendinning: Yes, it's really a function of the hedges, Mark. Obviously, our cost programs are offsetting, but they would've been there already.
S. Glendinning: You got to remember that our hedging program is a rolling program. It will depend on where pricing is. I mean, we saw very rapid rise in the price of fuel. That could just as easily go the other way. I think if you look at metal's prices over the last couple of years, there's been tremendous volatility there. So I don't know where price is going to go next year, but what I do know is that our hedging program is beneficial from the perspective that it smooths those changes over time.
S. Glendinning: No, Mark, we haven't seen any dramatic impact on our business from any glass shortages. And we certainly haven't broken our -- we don't breakout our COGS publicly like that. But I can just tell you that with respect to glass, we haven't seen a major impact from any shortages.
Mark Hunter: Hi, Christine, yes. All other things being equal, we would expect about one share point. Obviously, you got a net from the reduction in the same-store brands which the Modelo brands replaced. But a gross level, about a share point overall.
Mark Hunter: On an operating income level, the benefit from pensions has given us a swing of about GBP 4 million in the quarter. So we called out the 2-year benefit in New York and what we're seeing is that phase-through in a quarterly basis.
Mark Hunter: What we've seen, James, is we said it very clearly our value-ahead-of-volume strategy just about 3 years ago because of the downward pressure on industry volumes, we've now had actually 17 consecutive quarters of pricing growth. And that's fundamentally been around the quality of our negotiations with our major customers and our own -- the quality of our promotional plans that we're developing with our customers. So I don't think you will see, going forward, the kind of double-digit pricing increases that we've seen over the last couple of years. But clearly, driving value in our market, which continues to slide in volume, is a key priority for us as an organization as we continue also to manage our costs very effectively in the business.
Mark Hunter: At retail, there's been very little change. Our pricing that we're commenting on clearly is our NSR, our cost pricing into our customers. And I can't comment on what our competitors have been doing or not doing in that area.
