Tracey Joubert: Yes. Thanks, Bryan. So look, the free cash flow range that we gave was already quite wide. So we're comfortable just leaving it where it is. In terms of capital allocation, look, our priorities haven't changed. It's those 3 buckets that we speak about. It is investing in our business to drive the sustainable long-term top and bottom line growth. And that could be investment in our breweries or from an M&A point of view, the sort of spring uphill’s approach. We will continue to reduce net debt with a desire to improve our investment-grade rating. And as I remarked, we did get an upgrade from S&P and then returning cash to shareholders. So we did announce the $2 billion -- up to $2 billion share repurchase plan over the next 5 years. And we'll consider all of those things. I think the good thing is that with our strong free cash flow delivery, we do have optionality as to how we can balance the allocation of capital behind these priorities. But as always, we'll run all of the ideas through our models and make sure that we're investing where we are driving the higher return for our shareholders. 
Tracey Joubert: I'll take that. So yes, look, we did say that we expect inflation to continue to be a headwind for us in the back half of the year, but to moderate. Now as it relates to Q4, we do expect our COGS per hectoliter to be a headwind. And this is because of the continued inflationary pressure in EMEA and APAC region, where we've seen continued inflation in the double-digit range. But the other drivers of our Q4 COGS per hectoliter would be a lower volume leverage in Q4 lower than Q3 and Q2. For those reasons that we spoke about coming out of Q3 and into Q4 and then also expecting our brand volume to outpace the financial volume growth. And also, we've got higher planned maintenance costs in the fourth quarter. So those would be the big drivers of COGS per hectoliter in Q4. 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So look, we've spoken about our expectations for our brand volume to exceed our financial volume and really that's because of the healthy inventory levels that we ended Q3 on -- which enabled us to ship ahead of our expectations. So just in terms of our inventory levels, like coming out of Q3 and even today, we are at higher inventory levels than we saw in the prior year. So again, we feel very comfortable with the inventory levels going into Q4, coming out of Q4 and being able to have inventory levels healthy to -- as we go into peak selling next year. 
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So Nadine, in the prepared remarks, we spoke about the volume leverage, benefiting us by about 80 basis points on the COGS per hectoliter increase. So yes, that's for Q3, just in terms of operating leverage, our fixed cost comprises approximately 20% of our enterprise underlying COGS Obviously, volume leverage helps us with those fixed costs over more of the volume. And so as we saw in Q3, it does have a fairly significant impact -- and also, that does depend on -- the year-over-year does depend on the markets. In some of our markets, the fixed cost may be slightly higher. So the 20% that I've given you is really on an enterprise basis. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Andrea. Look, from a marketing point of view, we're focused on the quality and effectiveness of our marketing spend versus the sort of level of spend that drive the best returns. And we certainly try and make sure that every single dollar counts. We've got great tools that we've had for a number of years, which evolve and they're designed to make sure that we get the required marketing effectiveness. We know which creative assets are working hardest and which channels are working hardest for that. So we're going to continue to put the right commercial pressure behind our brands to support the momentum. I just want to maybe correct on one thing, right? So the extra $90 million in the fourth quarter, there's about $50 million of that is the marketing. And that's part of the $100 million we said we're going to spend on extra marketing in the second half of the year. So we spent half of that in the third quarter behind really big bid drinking occasions like football, which we'll do again in the fourth quarter. And then obviously, a large component of what's left is, as Tracey said, the employee-related costs.  Look, as far as share gains are concerned, our share position has been stable for the last 25 weeks. It's a structural share change to the industry that we believe is going to stick. And yes, I know there's been a lot of noise about trends changing and whether these results are sticking. So let me just share the facts and these aren't our facts, these are Circana and the fact is total share for Coors Light and Miller Lite has stuck over the past 7 months through the latest 4 weeks of track channel data on a dollar change basis, Coors Light and Miller Lite both continue to put up double-digit growth. And at the same time, Bud Light has lost just under 3 share points. The overall portfolio for our biggest competitors lost under $5 share points. And that's consistent if you look at the 4-week data, the 13-week data and the 26-week data.  In fact, bud light's actually getting worse. The brand's dollar share loss over the last 4 weeks was more than any 4-week period this year. And as I said, these aren't -- I mean this isn't a pole or a possibility, right? This is the fact as laid out in Circana, and we believe that the strength is going to continue into 2024, and we're very confident in the position of our core brands in both the U.S. and obviously, in Canada. We've got a very clear plan on keep these share gains. We presented it to our distributors at our 4 national distributor convention. We showed our plans. And honestly, the energy around our plans is something I have not seen, not only for Miller Lite and Coors Light, but for everything. We had a 95% positive score from our distributors. That has never happened. And we laid out a clear acceleration plan at our Strategy Day on how we're going to retain the share gains. So yes, we believe we can retain the share that has proven to be extremely sticky on every measure that we look at. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Bonnie. Yes. Look, without giving a complete look under the tent for competitive reasons, obviously, we're going to continue to drive strong pressure in the market with our very effective campaigns have made to chill with Coors Light and taste like Miller Lite. We've got significant increase is planned and already executed in the third quarter and also in the back half of this year, especially behind the high beer consumption moments like football is. We're also going to leverage our targeted media and digital tactics to retain the new drinkers, which we've got into our brands, primarily Coors Light, Miller Lite and Coors Banquet. We've also got some innovation that's coming in the fourth quarter. Blue Moon non-alc is launching in December, so that we're ahead of the dry January timeframe. And we're going to invest to make sure that we get more space in store.  So whether that's continued to capitalize on the share that we've gained of displays, we've gained more than any other major brewer. We're going to invest in appropriate areas to make sure that our retailers understand that the incremental shelf space and the tap handles that we're getting, that we're going to support that with strong marketing. And then we're going to invest in our EMEA, APAC business, particularly behind brands like Madri, Carling and Ožujsko. So those would be the general directions and themes, Bonnie. 
Gavin Hattersley: Yes. Thanks, Vivien. You broke up a little bit there, but I think I got the gist of your question. From an overall consumer health point of view, we do remain cautious given the macroeconomic environment that is out there. We're particularly cautious in Central and Eastern Europe, which has been pretty consistent with our view for a while, right? I mean the tough economy, the high inflation has impacted our Central Eastern Europe business much more than our UK business, which is honestly more weather-related. We do, though, expect conditions to improve as inflation falls in Europe, and we are starting to see inflation falling there. In Canada, we are seeing softness. It's a tough economic environment out there. We're particularly pleased with our own performance in Canada, where we've really grown strongly. And actually, our share growth in Canada is higher than it is in the United States.  In March, Coors Light took over as the #1 light beer and has maintained that position and even Molson's growing share of industry volume and NSR. In the U.S., we're still seeing premiumization with growth in RTDs and spirits albeit at a slower rate because of the falloff in sales consumers, to your point, are seeking more value through purchasing decisions, which they're making, either into the larger pack sizes like 30 packs or into the smaller pack sizes singles and 6 packs. The on-premise is running pretty at pace with the off-premise business. And we haven't seen any material trade down into our economy brands. if it happens, we're ready. I mean, Miller High Life and Keystone in particular, are well positioned and are showing very nice improvement given where they were. So if it comes, we believe that the portfolio that we've got is ready for it. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. To your second question, I'll take that first. It is global. It's across the spectrum, not just the U.S. To your earlier question around why I believe and why we're confident that we're going to continue to deliver. I'm not going to rehash the points I made earlier about our share position have been stable for the last 25 weeks and the gains we've made being very sticky. But I would say to you that over the last 4 years, Robert, we made a lot -- we made a number of statements when we launched our revitalization plan. We said we would streamline our company and deliver $600 million savings, and we did that. We said we would grow the top and bottom line of our business. And by the end of this year, we will have done it 2 years in a row. We said we would strengthen our core brands, and we've done exactly that. we said we will become more than just a beer company, and we have become more than a beer company, we also said we would grow more of our portfolio in above premium, and we've done exactly that, not just in beyond beer but also in beer with a brand like Madri. 
Gavin Hattersley: If we -- as Tracey said, if we look at our capital allocation priorities, we're where we need to be. We have an approved buyback program. And Robert, as we are required to do, we will disclose any and all shares that we may buy in a quarter when we when we release our Q, I think, in February of next year. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Nadine. Do you want to talk about operating leverage, Tracey, and I'll talk about the market share gains and the stickiness. 
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. Look I don't -- I can't really comment on Anheuser-Busch's polling data, Nadine. But what I can say to you is that sales of what matter, right? And the sales are continuing as they have done since early April. As I said, the share gains are unchanged in 4 weeks, in 13-week and in 26 week. And in fact, in the latest 4-week read the big brand is actually getting worse. So that's the best indication of what's actually happening is -- the share has come to us and it is sticking and has done now for 7 months. And we've got a bunch of plans in place, which we showed our distributors, and we revealed a little bit of it at our Strategy Day, which highlights our intention to retain that share gain. 
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, Eric, that was tough to catch the total drift of your question. Let me try. Obviously, there is the trading day adjustment we talked about, there is the timing of holidays, and there is the timing of the price increases that come into that. We obviously do have some total brands, which impact us. We are seeing some of the same trends as everybody else is seeing from a seltzer point of view, in particular. And that's why we've taken a much more broader approach to flavor. The total flavor segment seltzers, FABs and RTDs was about 5% of the category. That number has tripled to about 13% now. It's a $9 billion business. But there's no question that seltzer within the flavor category is declining fairly meaningfully. You've seen that with our brands, and you've seen that with our competitors' brand. The data that we've looked at from a hard seltzer point of view, shows that it provided an entry point into flavor for consumers. And once they discovered flavor, they started to experiment and trade into FABs and RTDs and so on. And that's why we built a diversified portfolio of brands. And from a performance point of view, we're very pleased with the performance in the flavor space.  We're got #2 share gainer for major brewers in FABs. We've got the #3 and the #5 hard seltzer in the category or admittedly a declining category. We've got the top innovation in flavor in 2021, 2022, in the summer of 2023. We've got Simply Spiked within that space, which is on fire. It's got nearly 5% of the FAB segment. And we're bringing new bold and better brands to the space with the Peace Hard Tea and the launch of Happy Thursday.  From a premiumization point of view, Peroni doing well. Blue Moon is operating in a challenged segment, as you've seen from a craft point of view, it's still the #1 brand in the craft segment. But we've experienced softness with Blue Moon largely due to those the craft category challenges. We've got a really clear plan in place of how we're going to change that. We're already starting to see positive display trends. And we've got a big year plan for Blue Moon in 2024, which we unveiled for our distributors in September in which they like to like, and that includes new innovation, which is coming, as I said, in December. And then finally, in economy, yes, it's a challenged segment, but we're the top dollar share gainer in the economy space that we -- we're pleased with the performance of our two big brands there, Miller High Life and Keystone. So that's a walk around the park for you, Eric. 
Gavin Hattersley: Chris, look, it's a bit of everything there, right? So I mean, obviously, we did get strong pricing in our EMEA, APAC business. Obviously, it varies by country and is driven largely by whatever the inflation environment is in those countries. But from a mix point of view, we're getting strong benefits from particularly the continued very strong growth in Madri, which is an above premium brand and as I confirm it was me or train that said it, but it's up 50% in the quarter and is continuing to grow strongly. It's one of the primary reasons why we're the #2 brewer in London, which was somewhat unthinkable a few years ago.  So a large part of the overall UK business is now in the above medium space, and it is accelerating. So that's part of it. Hard to tell where pricing is going to land out in EMEA, APAC and it does vary by country. And it is driven largely by the local dynamics. I do think it's safe to say that it's not going to be at the historical levels that we've experienced over the last few years.  From a U.S. point of view, from a price realization point of view, we put price into the markets that we were expecting to put it into in the fall. And as we've said before, I would expect pricing to fall back to more historical levels in the new year, the ones that go in spring. And from a shelf reset point of view, yes, I guess everybody is fighting for space. The beauty of our position at the moment is that we've got the facts and data to support meaningful increases in space for our brands. And the retailers that have gone in fall have given us tens of thousands of extra cubic feet of space. And we're going to fight for every square foot of space based on those trends as we head into the spring reset. So thanks, Chris. 
