Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Kevin, and good morning. Let me start, and then Tracey can take you through some of the guidance around cost of goods sold and so on for 2022. But from a pricing point of view, obviously, we’re experiencing inflationary pressures. We expect into continue well into this year. And while we take – have historically take price increases in the spring of every year, this year, we actually announced price increases a little earlier than that. And we went for the price increase of between 3% and 5% that took place mostly in January and the early part of February. And obviously, the amount and the timing of pricing increases does vary by market. We do have more levers than just pricing, of course, right, we have the mix shift which is fundamentally part of our revitalization plan is to shift our mix into the above premium and emerging growth. And emerging growth is almost entirely of both premiums. So I spoke about that in my opening remarks. And Tracey, why don’t you talk about hedging – the hedging program maybe, then I’ll circle back on the brand.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Tracey. Kevin, look, I mean our business at the end of 2021 is fundamentally more sound than it was at the beginning of the revitalization plan, particularly with our brands, and you reference Coors Light. We ended the year with both of those brands growing the top line, which we haven’t done for Coors Light the Made to Chill campaign continues to work for us, both regionally, nationally and at a local level. It’s resonating and attracting 21 to 29-year-old consumers. And Miller Lite has – despite some of the inventory challenges and some of the tough comps, we had to overcome a just sequentially improved over the year. They continue to focus on a true beer’s beer through all sorts of different brand acts like the beer and managed more recently the exploration into the metaverse. So we feel like those two brands are really well placed hitting into 2022. And then looking beyond that both premium Blue Moon has bounced back very strongly – our emerging growth division, as I said, is ahead of our plan to get to $1 billion. Canada is growing. Coors Light has grown share. It’s as healthy as it’s been for a while. And Europe is bouncing back now that we’re heading through the Omicron variant and restrictions have been lifted, and we’ve got strong above premium innovation, which is a very strong on-premise bias. Yes. I think hopefully, that answers your question, Kevin.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Rob. Look, I’m not going to repeat what I said to Kevin, as far as our overall brands are concerned. But if you look to the January, yes, I mean the data that’s publicly available, will say that the whole industry, it wasn’t the easiest of months. I don’t think pricing has got anything to do with it because the pricing increases came in the month of – even into February to impact January trends. So I don’t think it’s got anything to do with it. And frankly, the price increases, as I just said, for us, 3% to 5%, well lower than inflation rates, which are speaking in the consumers’ minds. I’d point a finger squarely at the second point you raised there, which is Omicron, right? Consumers were resistant to going out into the on-premise December and into January. And as we’ve got further into January and now into February, we’ve seen the consumers come back to the on-premise, particularly in our European businesses where restrictions have been largely lifted, but also in the United States and, to a lesser degree, in Canada. So I’m going to point the finger squarely at Omicron, Rob.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, we always – we understand pricing elasticity in a normal world, right? And I think we’re operating in somewhat unknown territory. So I think it’s a little too soon to tell exactly what the various price increases that have gone into the market, what impact that will have from a volume perspective, Rob. I think as we head into spring and summer, we shall see.
Gavin Hattersley: The only other thing I’d add to that, Bill, is the other side of some of that positive, which you mentioned, which is a Texas storm and cybersecurity is obviously our economy of SKU reduction and rationalization, right? So we still have the headwind of that, particularly in the first quarter and then for a chunk of the second quarter. So that will be a negative from a volume perspective. But if you recall in the fourth quarter, we – actually, all of our volume loss in the fourth quarter in the U.S. was driven by economy as premium lights grew as the above premium as well. And of course, we came into the year with robust inventory. So we’re not expecting any meaningful out of stocks. And I think as I said in my opening remarks, we are – we’re actually operating at levels lower than pre-pandemic at the moment, which obviously we’re very pleased about, and I’m sure our distributors are, too.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, they did. We’ve got – our national rollout of Topo Chico has been very well received by both big and small retailers.
Gavin Hattersley: Nadine, maybe I can start on that one first. I mean you’ve given all the components of it, right? But I mean if you look at our P&L, obviously, we have a strong push in our revitalization plan to change the shape of our portfolio. And I think we’ve been pretty successful at that last year. I mean – as I said, our brands are healthier – mix is really strong. Coors Light, Miller Lite, our core brands have grown very nicely. So you’ve got a couple of things going on in the top line. You’ve got the pricing, which I referenced, I gave you the U.S. pricing, but obviously, there’s pricing in Europe and Canada coming through as well. We’ve got strong positive mix that will come through as our portfolio reshapes into above premium. We cycled past the economy portfolio in the first sort of first and second quarter will drive positivity from an overall margin point of view. We do have the emerging growth, which is all operating in the above premium, and we’re going to continue to invest in our business. We’re going to continue to put money into marketing. We made that, and Tracey made the point. We were very choiceful in December once we realized that Omicron was going to impact us, we very choicefully chose not to pull the marketing level because we – our brands are reacting so well to the marketing, and we wanted to set ourselves up for a strong 2022, and so that was choice. But and we are going to increase marketing, as Tracey said, in 2022, both in the U.S. and all of our other markets. So we’ve got a lot of levers. And I’m not going to repeat everything, Tracey said about the cost of goods sold line and all the levers that go in there. But we’ve got some positive momentum in the top line. Thanks, Nadine.
Gavin Hattersley: Right. Chris, yes, a lot going on in that question. Let me see if I can help. Look, I mean I think it’s safe to say that in the fourth quarter, we were expecting our revenues to be higher than what we actually ended up with. So although we met the guidance of mid-single digit, our expectation at the end of October was that – was going to be higher. And obviously, it wasn’t because of the Omicron impact. But there’s a range there, right, of I think mid-single digit guidance is 3.6% to 7.4%, roughly, right? So we were expecting that number to be higher. From a channel mix point of view, obviously, particularly in Europe, it’s very positive for us when the on-premise is open, we’re extremely efficient at that and the margins are good. In the U.S., the margins are also good in the on-premise for us, mostly because we skewed higher on the above premium portfolio than we do on economy, for example. I mean, brands like Blue Moon, Peroni, Pilsner Urquell in the U.S. are all higher margin, higher revenue brand. So when the on-premise is open, we benefit from that. And Miller Lite and Coors Light also disproportionately over-indexed versus some of the lower-margin brands in the on-premise. And you have the same impact in Canada and you have the same impact in Europe. So when the on-premise runs into some challenges, obviously, that has a – that’s a mix negative for us everywhere, but particularly in Europe. As we head into this the sort of 2022. Obviously, we’ve got some tailwinds behind us. I mean in the first quarter, we had the well-publicized challenges of the Texas storms and the cybersecurity of tech. And in Europe, we – as I recall in the first quarter last year, we were pretty much shut down in the on-premise for, I think, the whole first quarter, which obviously we don’t have we did a little bit in January. But certainly, I think as of either this Monday or last Monday, they’ve pretty much opened up the UK completely, which will obviously be positive for us. So we’ve got some positive tailwinds behind us from that perspective. And they happen to be positive tailwinds from a channel point of view because we make more margin there. And then of course, you’ve got the negative headwind of cycling the economy portfolio change, which we’ve got, I don’t know, four or five months left of starting on the January 1. But from a margin point of view, that’s actually very positive for us. So hopefully, that’s helpful, Chris.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Laurent. And on Simply, look, I mean, obviously, we haven’t even launched it into the market yet. So all I can tell you is how the retailers, distributors and consumers are reacting to it. And they reacted extraordinarily positively to Topo Chico, which is doing amazingly well for us. The reaction to Simply has been even stronger than that. The number of households that have Simply in the one in two households in America, it’s a very well-known brand. So if we just go by a reaction that we’ve had for retailers, distributors and from consumers, we’re going to get more than our fair share of shelf space in the sort of above more flavorful area, which is probably where we’ve lagged a little bit this year. We’re tapping into a new segment of flavor for us. And so we haven’t done anything yet, but the reaction has been particularly strong. If you look at emerging growth, it’s got three big components to it, a solid base business, right? We’ve got our distribution business, our craft business in Tencent, Black and then our Latin American business. Latin America contributed, as I said in our opening remarks, really strongly but, non-alc which comprises ZOA and La Colombe. To all intents and purposes, we’re coming off a 0 base of revenue coming into 2021. So a good chunk of the growth that we’ve experienced in the emerging growth has come from non-alc, which is ZOA and La Colombe, Laurent. I’m not going to break out by brand what that is, but you can assume that big contributors to that growth were Latin America and our non-alc businesses. I think those were the two biggest drivers of us being ahead of plan. Thanks, Laurent.
Gavin Hattersley: Well look, I mean, from a hot sales point of view, Laurent, I mean, obviously, it was growing very strongly. It came off a lot, but it still grew low teens in 2021. We’ve got two fastest-growing seltzers in – of any major beverage company that differentiated. We’ve got a lot of momentum behind them. And we think we can do really big things with those two brands heading into 2022. I mean we’ve got two of the top five seltzer brands. So we think we’re well-positioned to take share and grow. It’s a big segment, Laurent. I’m not going to put a number as to what we assess that it’s going to grow. But frankly, it doesn’t – we can gain a lot of share in this space, whether they are in a seltzer category grows or doesn’t grow because of the two brands and offerings that we have. Thanks, Laurent.
Gavin Hattersley: Well, Lauren, look, I’m not going to give volume guidance. But what I can say to you is, in the fourth quarter, obviously, the entirety of our loss was driven by the rationalization of our economy portfolio. Both premium grew and our premium lights grew in the fourth quarter. Now obviously, there was an element of stock build in the fourth quarter for some of our premium light brands. But our driving to above premium is reaping a benefit. Honestly, we came within a whisker of being positive from a volume point of view for the whole year for Miller Lite and Coors Light. In fact, now it has a guess that if we didn’t have the Omicron virus in the last six weeks that we might well have got there if we hadn’t had the curtailment in the on-premise. So I don’t want to repeat myself from earlier comments, Lauren. But we are expecting a headwind file on the economy portfolio. It’s a very deliberate decision. We think it’s the right decision. It’s a lot of focus for us. That is to focus in on four economy brands. It removes a ton of complexity from our supply chain, which has really helped us to rebuild our inventory levels to levels that we haven’t seen for a while and really improved the service to our distributors on the brands that really matter, which is Miller Lite, Coors Light and our above premium portfolio. So absent another variant in 2022, we think we’re well placed from an overall portfolio point of view.
Gavin Hattersley: The only other thing I’d add to that, Bryan, is obviously we have been pretty clear, open about the fact that as we bring seltzers into our own facilities. So the margin impact is very positive for us, right? And we started bringing Vizzy in last year into Fort Worth and we’ll bring Topo Chico in 2022. And in Canada, we’ll bring those in-house, and we’ll do the same in the UK. And that’s really positive from a margin point of view. And then, obviously, Tracey mentioned Montreal, right. I mean that brewery there was a couple of hundred years old, and we’ve placed with a state-of-the-art brewery and it has meaningful cost benefits for us. Thanks, Bryan.
Gavin Hattersley: Thanks, Eric. Yes, you’re right. I mean, spring is where most of the comprehensive change from a recent point of view takes place. And that’s when most of the large innovations are actually launched. And our team are selling our purpose drives purchase category management strategy, where we believe that all decisions start with occasions. And therefore, all segments matter, and getting the call right for retailers in those segments is really important. And obviously, innovation is incredibly important to that as well. So our team is focusing – driving productivity on our core brands, Coors Light, Coors Banquet, Miller lite, Blue Moon Belgian White, and Leinenkugel’s particularly Summer Shandy. And at the same time, they’re selling what I think is one of the most focused and exciting innovation pipelines that we’ve had in years with Topo Chico Hard Seltzer and Vizzy Mimosa and Topo Chico Margarita and Simply Spiked and Blue Moon Lightsky Tropical Wheat, it’s really focused and exciting. And with that strong performance in our core, which we’re experiencing as well as the innovation we bring, we are expecting to see expanded shelf space for our business in the spring, and that’s what we’re striving towards. Thanks, Eric.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. Yes. I mean, we’ve spoken before about our robust taking program and how we cover all our key commodities. So as we look into 2022 and 2023, we’re really comfortable with that our hedge position and that hedging program is going to play a part in mitigating some of the inflation that we seen.
Tracey Joubert: Okay. So first of all, I think you spoke of – you asked about the margin expansion. So to add our mid-single-digit top line and high single-digit income before tax line, there’s a couple of things that need to be considered. So first of all, you’re right. I mean, we are seeing an inflationary environment. We expect to see inflation continue on commodities and packaging materials, and we also expect the freight market to remain tight. So that will create a COGS headwind. But to mitigate that, we have a very robust hedging program. As you mentioned, we typically hedge the first year, somewhere between one and three years, depending on the commodity and the liquidity of that commodity. But in the first year, our hedges are obviously higher than the outer years, which are typically lower. So we have a robust seating program. As we look now into 2022 and 2023, we are very comfortable with our hedge positions. In addition to that, we’ve got the cost savings program. This is part of that $600 million program. We’ve already delivered $490 million of that. We’ve got items like the new state-of-the-art more efficient breweries in Canada, that we spoke about that have come online. So that’s certainly going to help from a cost point of view. We’ve got the continued premiumization of our portfolio, which is really all about what the revitalization plan is driving. We obviously have spoken a little bit about. And then this year, we have a full year of contribution of our equity income from our Yuengling joint venture. So we’ve got a couple of those items that will play out in 2022. But having said that, we’re going to continue to invest in our business and behind our brands as we saw in Q4 of 2021. So in terms of EBITDA, the Q4, so we did reaffirm our guidance at the end of October, based on the plans that we had in place. And more importantly, what we were seeing in terms of very strong on-premise performance during Q3 and going into Q4. We stated on the call at that time that if restrictions were reinstated in some of our larger markets that would have a significant impact on our financial performance over the next few months. And we saw that Omicron reemergence in mid-November, and we saw a return to both governments impose restrictions as well as changes to consumer behavior. And that impacted our on-premise performance in all our markets, but particularly in the UK, where we’ve spoken about just what a big part of our business be on-premise is. But having said that, we still hit our mid-single-digit top line and we continue to invest in our brands. So that was important to us. We did not pull back on the investment, which makes – which sort of helps us set up 2022 strong foundation. So that was really the Q4. And then the guidance in terms of EBITDA. So what we have done is we have given metrics, which we believe best align with our revitalization plan goals are driving both top and bottom line growth. We’ve added – in addition to the net income before tax, we’ve added the depreciation and amortization, which we normally give, we’ve given net interest and we’ve given the effective tax rate as well as a free cash flow and leverage target ratio. So if you add those back, you will get back to the EBITDA range. So we just believe that this is a better guidance in terms of our revitalization plan.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So we don’t specifically give quarter-by-quarter guidance, but maybe some of it being think about is from a marketing point of view, marketing will particularly – will be higher in the first half of the year as we cycle some of the on-premise shut downs and things like that. But we are expecting our full year marketing in 2022 to be higher than 2021, but really more so in the first half. In terms of other COGS, obviously, we’re still going to be impacted by inflation as I’ve said. But some of the other things to consider is, assuming that we don’t see levels of on-premise restrictions in the first half of 2022. We’ll expect to see some benefit from volume leverage, particularly in our EMEA and APAC business. We’ll also expect to see both channel and geographic mix benefits as we cycle the first half restrictions in EMEA and APAC, which have a lower overall cost per hectoliter, COGS per hectoliter. And then again, I just do want to mention our robust hedging program where we cover all commodities, and we’re really comfortable with where we’re sitting. Obviously, we’ve also got our cost savings program, which will deliver as well. So I’d say those are some of the things to consider for at least the first half of this year.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. So let me try that. So Steve, look, we didn’t give COGS per hectoliter guidance, but it is both into our bottom line guidance. So the high single-digit net income or income before tax guidance that is built in there. Some of the things maybe that can just help put a bit of color around our COGS outlook is we’ll continue to be impacted by inflation on our commodities and our packaging materials in particular. And we do expect the freight market to remain tight. In Q4, we actually saw some notable impact from inflation on our EMEA and APAC business, and we expect to see that continue into 2022. But it’s basically just one component of our COGS charge and maybe a couple of additional items just to consider to add some color. So again, assuming we don’t see the similar levels of on-premise restrictions as we saw in the first half of 2021, we do expect to see some benefits, particularly in EMEA and APAC business around volume leverage. I also mentioned earlier that we expect to see channel and geographic mix benefits again in EMEA, APAC, which has a lower overall COGS per hectoliter cost. I had mentioned our hedging program, we don’t get into specific details around that other than saying that we typically hedge anyway between one and three years, depending on commodities, depending on liquidity, depending on our outlook of the commodities. And again, at this point, we are comfortable with our hedge positions as we look forward over the next couple of years. Maybe just one more item to consider around COGS is we also are expecting some depreciation benefits as we are cycling out of a five-year period of the asset fair value exercise, which related to the MillerCoors acquisition. So you’ll see some benefit coming out of that. Other than that, we provide a number of actions across our supply chain and other levers that we can pull to deliver our top and bottom line, but the COGS outlook is built into our bottom line guidance. And then just in terms of EBITDA, I mean, really, the intention is to more closely align the metric guidance, metrics with our revitalization plan goal. So that’s all about driving both top and bottom line growth. There’s no intention other than that. We just want to more closely align with how we run the business. So again, we have added the other metrics that hopefully will get you to an EBITDA range, I mean, without giving you specific numbers. But yes, that it, Steve.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. Okay. So let me start and then Gavin, you just jump in here. So I mean, we – if we just start with our Canadian breweries, so our new Montreal brewery state-of-the-art brewery that we’re building just outside of Montreal that actually came online at the end of last year. We still have some IT projects around bringing the Canadian business on to our U.S. ERP system. So that’s going to continue at least into this year, maybe a little bit more into the early part of next year. And then we’ve got the transformation and the modernization of our Golden Brewery. That’s a multiyear project. So that’s still ongoing. The investment in our hard seltzer capabilities, so we’re putting in capabilities in Canada and the UK, so that will be this year and next year, that’s big project and then also our packaging upgrade projects that relate to sustainability of our packaging, et cetera, that’s ongoing. So I’d say those are the three big projects. Now we haven’t given specific CapEx guidance, but – what we do expect is our CapEx to return to more historical levels. So if you have a look at around 2019 type of spend, you can expect that for this year.
Tracey Joubert: Yes. I mean I’d just refer you to our cost savings program. So we – so right at the beginning of revitalization, we spoke about $450 million of cost-savings primarily related to the COGS line. So that would include the Montreal brewery, some of those types of efficiencies that we put in place. And then the $150 million of the revitalization program was primarily around the G&A areas. So we – $490 million of that $600 million, so the balance will be delivered this year. And again, the majority of that would be related to the COGS line. So the more efficient breweries and the lower cost breweries. But I’m not sure that we can say much more than that other than it is included in that cost savings number.
