Peter S. Swinburn: Thanks, Gavin. In the U.S., our share performance was improved across key segments, and our net revenue per hectoliter growth is the strongest it's been for 4 years. For the third straight year, we're increasing our investment in innovation, and we are focusing that innovation on the biggest, highest-potential opportunities and the most profitable parts of the U.S. beer market. We will see new activity behind Coors Light and Miller Lite. And in Craft, we are planning new line extensions for Leinenkugel's and Blue Moon for summer and the fall. In above-premium, we're building on the initial success of launching Redd's, Third Shift and Batch 19 nationally. In Canada, we look forward to the hockey playoffs in key markets in the weeks ahead, along with full retail activation for the new season this fall. Going forward, we have a strong innovation program following the rollout of Molson Canadian Wheat. This will include the launch of Molson Canadian Cider in select markets this summer and Rickard's Shandy. Along with our innovative Aluminum Pint bottle, we also expect our 2 lead brands in Canada, Coors Light and Molson Canadian, to benefit from further packaging innovation ahead of the summer selling season. In Europe, Romania, Serbia and Hungary are on a firmer foot than just a few months ago, with trade inventories at better levels and the elimination of some low-margin package configurations. Staropramen is growing strongly across our Central Europe markets, and Carling grew volume and share in the U.K. The innovation agenda across Europe is accelerating, with Carling Cider now in market in the U.K. and performing in line with expectations. We are also broadening our Carling Zest portfolio with the launch of a ginger variant, and we are extending our beer mix offerings across Central Europe with the introduction of a cider mix and 3 new flavors. Additionally, we are launching [indiscernible] Super Dry in Hungary, Carling in Croatia and Molson Canadian in Ireland. Our International business continues to focus on growth and is investing ahead of the curve in high-opportunity emerging markets behind a solid portfolio of Coors Light, Carling and Staropramen. This business is on course and continued to drive growth in our key brands in the quarter. For the balance of 2013, we will expand into select markets and reduce our investment per hectoliter as we drive our international group to profitability over the medium term. Finally, here are the most recent volume trends for each of our businesses early in the second quarter: In the U.S., for the 4 weeks ended April 27, STRs were down mid-single digits. In Canada, our sales-to-retail for the first 4 weeks of the quarter decreased at mid-single digits. In Europe, our sales volume increased at a mid-single-digit rate in the first month of the quarter, with growth in all our key markets apart from the Czech Republic, which experienced unseasonably cold weather. And in the first 4 weeks, our international sales volume, including royalty volume, increased at a double-digit rate. As always, please keep in mind that these numbers represent only a portion of the current quarter, and trends could change in the weeks ahead. So to summarize our discussion today, our first quarter numbers include the effect of Central Europe acquisition that we completed in the middle of last year, which increased volume and sales but decreased income because of the seasonality of the business. Foreign exchange, brand investment and weather also affected our business. Against this backdrop, we grew share in Europe, saw relatively flat share in the U.S. and lost share in Canada. Our innovation pipeline is full, and related programs are off to a fast start. In the remainder of 2013, our focus will continue to be on the 3 pillars of our growth strategy, and particularly the first one, which is to grow profitably in our core businesses through brands and innovation. We also intend to pay down debt. In combination with disciplined cash use, our growth strategy is designed to drive long-term profit cash flow and total return for our shareholders. Now before we start the Q&A portion of the call, a quick comment. Our prepared remarks will be on our website for your reference within a couple of hours this afternoon. And also, as usual, at 2 p.m. Eastern Time today, Dave Dunnewald will host a follow-up conference call, which is an opportunity for you to ask additional questions regarding our quarterly results. This call will also be available for you to hear via webcast on our website. And so at this point, Candice, we'd like to open it up for questions, please.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, I'll pass you on to Gavin for that in a second. But obviously, just to sort of build a little bit on Stewart's answer. Directionally, you're obviously right, because as the volumes increase, the fixed costs remain exactly where they are. So we would expect that to be a lower figure going forward.
Peter S. Swinburn: We'll bring everyone up to speed a bit more at the analyst conference, Judy. But safe to say, as we said in the script, we're absolutely comfortable with where we are in terms of the synergies that we're driving out compared to the business case that we explained to you when we bought the Central European business. And equally, we're getting all of the cost savings that we expected to get from the restructuring in the U.K. as well.
Peter S. Swinburn: Yes, just to build on that. I guess, the 2 comments -- I mean, at the macro level, we are investing ahead of the curve. So we're investing in long-term growth, but at the moment, that's costing us money. So we are investing ahead of the curve as far as the businesses concerned. That investment, as it pays off, means that we grow the business. And as the volume grows, then our costs -- our costs reduce because increased margin is spread across the whole system, if that make sense.
Peter S. Swinburn: There's a couple of things, I think. I mean, first of all, don't forget that for all of our numbers, with possibly the exception of Romania, which has a different calendar, Easter fell in the first quarter this year as opposed to the second quarter. So our second quarter numbers are affected by the comparison against Easter, that's point 1. I wouldn't personally get wrapped around the axle too much on small details of what happens in the first quarter in a relatively small volume and profit period. I think Stewart outlined the structural issues in Canada which we have to deal. And they are that structurally, the growth areas are above-premium and value. And what we're doing about that is that we've done a lot of work on value. We've had a best-value performance for quite a long time and actually grew market share in value, but we under-indexed. We also under-indexed in above-premium. Again, although we've had a good period in above-premium, we under-indexed. Within that, we're trying to keep our core brands moving forward. Canadian had a relatively good period. We've got a lot of innovation coming through. So what really is what we're doing about it, I think Stewart was pushing into, and what we're doing about it is we're going to continue to put pressure on that value segment so that we get closer to our fair share, but also, in above-premium, develop on the brands that we've already got in terms of Creemore, Granville Islands. But also, if you look at the innovation programs that Stewart talked about with Cider and with Rickard's Shandy coming through Canadian we just launched, we believe we're pushing all the right buttons to make sure that, that structural issue with which we're dealing is being addressed. Very similar to what we're trying to do in the U.S., if you look at it.
Peter S. Swinburn: Let me take the second part, first, Bryan. The answer to that is absolutely yes, it has to be. And we continue to do that. And I think Stewart outlined earlier with confidence, and we'll talk more in the investor meeting, but we are confident that -- on the cost saving line. So put that to one side, let's start off with the facts, okay, and let's just look at what we talked about this quarter. If you try and segment it, without going into any more detail, Europe, I think, anyone would accept as a very strong performance. In the U.S., I would argue the underlying fundamentals are very strong. We've got NSR growth of 4%. Our share performance is the best that we've seen probably for about 4 years. And we started off with a very strong innovation program with the outline of the strong innovation program to come. International, we've laid out over the years. We've told you exactly where we're going to get to, and we're bang in line on that program. We're not happy with Canada at the moment. There's some structural reasons for that position, but they're just excuses. We told you where the -- where we believe the weaknesses are and what we're doing to address them. We feel good about the movement we're making on value. We've got more work to do on above-premium, but we've got a strong innovation program coming out and our core brands are performing relatively well. So when you look forward, the real question, I think, is what is going to happen at the macro level with industry demand? And the short answer to that is we don't know the absolute difference between how much of our volume's been affected by weather and how much has been affected by consumer indifference. We believe -- we don't know, we believe a significant amount is down to the weather. And as that improves, then we think we're extremely well positioned to go forward in most of our markets on the basis of that which I've outlined. And Canada is still a work in progress, but we're very confident that we know where we need to look. So really, the best as I can, that would be my summary, Bryan.
Peter S. Swinburn: No, it hasn't. And again, I think you've seen the numbers we've talked about. I mean, we had a high level of investment in the U.S. just before Christmas. We followed that on with a high-level investment in our innovation program. We talked about increased marketing spend in Canada and in Europe. We've talked about investments in our innovation program going forward. So I think the facts are there for you to see that. And again, I'd come back to the point that, if you look at where we were structurally when we talked to you back in March and you look at the business structurally now, I would -- I believe we're in a stronger position. It has -- the first quarter was affected by consumer demand. You and I can have a view on how much of that is weather and how much is fundamental consumer demand, but we believe that the fundamentals of the business are strong, as I've outlined.
Peter S. Swinburn: Okay. Well, thank you, Candice. And thank you, everybody, for joining us today and for the questions. And we look forward to speaking to you at our analyst conference in New York in June. Thank you. Goodbye now.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Sure. Dara, it's Stewart Glendinning here. Well, we won't give any forecast, of course, for the balance of the year related to pricing. But if you look back at this past quarter, yes, 1% was not strong pricing. I will say it was positive, which is good news. There were parts of the country that were more aggressive and competitive than others. Certainly, I think, if we looked at the Atlantic region, we saw a lot of promotions there. And particularly in BC, we saw higher levels of promotional volume in that province. Québec saw actually strong pricing, which came on top of the back -- on the back of also increased taxes, and the combination of those things affected volume in the province. Ontario was broadly in line with our average.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Well, it's hard to say what will happen in pricing because it is so dynamic and because we don't give any forecast on that. I will say that beer is, against other markets, relatively expensive in Canada, and it is a very competitive market. So we'll see what takes place over the balance of the year.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, certainly. So thanks for clarifying that point. Of course, negative volumes do drive deleverage. And I think if you'd just reflect on our COGS, Kaumil, COGS were up just under 6%. About 1/3 of that was related to deleverage in mix, so giving you a sense of the kind of impact that, that can have on the results.
Stewart F. Glendinning: We're not going to break that down for the rest of the year. We have given you some guidance on what COGS looks like for the rest of the year, which is up mid-single digits. And obviously, each quarter, we'll report out on, specifically, what drove the quarter.
Stewart F. Glendinning: Yes, I mean, I think -- yes, so thank you for that. I think, look at -- broadly speaking, it's going to break down both into COGS and G&A. And you could run some comparisons between us and others and see those gaps. I can't really get into the specific of -- by line item. But broadly, we're focused on the 2 components of G&A and COGS. On the bright side, I mean, I would look at this most recent quarter. And specific to the COGS line item, we fully offset all of the inflationary impacts that we saw in the quarter with ongoing cost savings. So cost savings are an active part of our agenda. And in fact, if you looked at some of our just broad G&A this quarter, it is lower than last year. And that's because we have fewer people. So I don't want to leave you with the impression that nothing's been done. In fact, a number of things have been done. But looking forward, we expect that there's more ground to cover.
Stewart F. Glendinning: You got it. Well, I mean, look, first of all, on -- just to address mix. When you look at the mix impacts, there's a couple of things going on. There's brand mix. Depending on the brand, that will influence cost, if it's partner brand or not a partner brand. I think if you looked at some of the higher-priced new product we're putting in, of course, our starting point is to try to ensure that we capitalize on higher-priced, more attractive and premium products to increase our margin on those. As it relates to other mix impacts in the market, an important dynamic to just understand is that broadly, across the market, there is a shift between bottles and -- from bottles to cans, cans being a more expensive packaging mix. And those prices are going to be somewhat managed by the market. Depending on where competition goes, we'll need to be competitive. So if I look back, I can see some periods where you'd like to get more margin on the can, but actually the competitive benchmark that's been set is putting some pressure on that. So a mix. So in some cases, you're getting more for that expensive product, and in some cases, not.
Gavin Hattersley: Yes, on tax, Kaumil, the 16% to 20% for this year is the guidance that we're holding to. I mean, the first quarter, as I said -- as I think we said in our release, we did have a discrete tax item, which drove a benefit in a very low-profit quarter. So we're sticking to the 16% to 20%. And yes, it's going to take us 3 years for us to get to the 20% to 24% level. So we will come off to 16% to 20% in the years ahead.
Gavin Hattersley: From a debt leverage point of view, let me start with that. I mean, over the next 3 years, we've -- our stated objective is to get our leverage levels back to where they were pre-acquisition of StarBev. So depending on which rating agency you ask, we were either in the mid- to the high-tier levels. So that would be our medium-term or 3-year goal to get to that level by 2015. We have 2 debt coming up -- or 2 items of debt coming up in 2013. One is the euro convertible, which was done at the time of the deal. And that can be put on us by CBC anytime between 14 March, which obviously has passed, and the middle of December, but that will settle this year. And then the other one is the $575 million convertible, which is due in July. We have recently, as you would have seen from our financial filings, put in place a commercial paper program, which we were using to fund those 2 debt payoffs, including the cash resources we've got.
Gavin Hattersley: Bryan, we just reaffirmed what we said in the first quarter call where 2013 free cash flow will be -- underlying basis will be $700 million, plus or minus 10%. And our capital line will be $330 million, which is higher than last year, obviously, because of the addition of our Central Europe business. But both of those are unchanged.
Mark Hunter: Sure. I mean, what I'm not going to do is delve into every market, for obvious reasons. But if you look across Europe, on a pan-European basis, pricing's up just under about 5% on a local currency basis. And that's split pretty equally between mix and between price, net price improvements. So we're seeing the right kind of channel and pack improvements, and we're getting headline pricing coming through as well. I think on the volume front, overall industry was down just under a couple of points, a couple of percentage points. The interesting thing is that on our last call, I explained that Romania was probably blurring some of the industry performance because there's been pretty significant growth in that market, all driven in the very low-margin value segment. If you actually strip Romania out of the industry numbers, industry is down about 3% or so. And I think that really kind of emphasizes the strong performance we've seen across the majority of our markets. The U.K. is growing strongly. We've seen record shares in Bulgaria. We were #1 in Croatia. We were #1 in the Czech Republic, where we've recorded our highest-ever off-premise share. And the good news is, in both Romania and Hungary, which have been a bit more challenged, we're pretty confident that we've got those markets stabilized, and we're focusing our investment on higher-margin parts of the market. So really trying to work across each market on a market-by-market basis to give that aggregate improvement that you've seen, but I can't really go into any more detail within each of the markets, for obvious reasons.
Mark Hunter: Yes, and to be fair, the major markets we did grow share in. So the U.K., Bulgaria, Croatia and then the Czech Republic. In Serbia, Romania and Hungary, we've been working actively to actually get our stock in market, held by the distributors back to what I call more normal levels. That process is pretty much complete now, and we're feeling much more confident about the relationship between our supply and the demand in the marketplace. But we certainly gave up some share in Hungary and Romania, albeit both of those markets are very challenged from a unit margin perspective.
Mark Hunter: Sure. I don't think we ever said that there was a specific start point and end point in terms of the evolution of spending. We are committed to growing our brand portfolio with a focus on core, core plus, above-premium and innovation. And that's where we are investing. Investment, this year, is up on last year. I don't think we've given specific details on that, and we're clearly phasing that as we work our way through the year. So we're committed to invest more to build the strength of the portfolio. And as you say, that's demonstrating, I think, its value, particularly on major markets where we are seeing our share growth come through. The spend increase is balanced pretty equally between what I describe as direct-to-consumer and consumer-via-customer. And at the moment, the direct-to-consumer spend does take the biggest proportion, and both are growing roughly equally. If anything, there's an emphasis towards direct-to-consumer spend. And that's particularly to support the innovation agenda. As I think Peter and Gavin mentioned earlier, we've got Carling Cider, Carling Zest, Molson Canadian, Carling Lager going to Croatia, [indiscernible] Super Dry, 3 new beer mix flavors, the Franciscan Well acquisition in the Republic of Ireland. So the innovation focus and the above-premium and core plus focus with Staropramen, et cetera is, I think, paying dividends. So we will invest wisely and ensure that, that investment is phased and paced at a level which demonstrates a return. And I think that's what we've managed, certainly, to do as we've got off to a relatively strong start to this year.
Mark Hunter: Yes, I mean, I think it's fair to say, across the majority of the European markets, GDP estimates, which -- actual GDP numbers through 2012 were anything from flat to minus 2, 2.5 points. They've improved slightly on a 2013 outlook basis, but they're still running kind of flat to negative, albeit a slight improvement. So I'm going to say, I'm certainly bullish from an overall economic perspective and from a consumer demand perspective. And the fact that we've seen industry volume across the markets in aggregate down a couple of points, and as I mentioned earlier, slightly higher than excluding Romania, would suggest that we're going to have to keep a real focus on not only the top line, through pricing and innovation, but continuing to manage our cost base very effectively. And again, as Peter mentioned, the cost-reduction plan in the U.K. is running bang in line with schedule, and we are being very tight with costs across the rest of our business.
Mark Hunter: Yes, I mean, I think -- to cut to the chase on this, our on-premise performance with Carling has been very solid for the last few years. The major volatility we've seen has principally been around the off-premise channel, and I think we were pretty transparent last year when we said we were out of play with one of the majors from a promotional calendar perspective. The good news is that we've started this year, and Carling us in play across all of the major multiple grocers. And we're feeling, I think, as positive as we can about the opportunity for Carling this year to really kind of get back into a growth spurt, particularly on the core Carling brand where we've got new Carling creative platform, which is going to be released relatively soon and on the back of the innovation agenda, Zest was very successful last year. It's continuing to grow, and Carling Cider is now in market, and there'll be a further Carling addition in July of this year with one of our major customers. So probably feeling as optimistic about Carling as we have done for the last couple of years.
