S. Paladino: First on Dental equipment, we did see, I guess, some positive signs in Dental equipment in the fourth quarter. You have to remember that our year ended December 25, so we didn't get the full benefit of year-end buying related to tax planning because there was still an extra week of sales that could have occurred. Overall, if you look at our equipment sales, last year in 2009, the fourth quarter was down much less than the third and the second quarters. Specifically the fourth quarter, Dental equipment was down about 6%, and that compared with it being down double that 13% in the third quarter and 19% in the second quarter. So we had a more difficult comp for Q4. With respect to promotional activity, I'm not sure we're going to do anything unusually different from what we've been doing. We've been very active with promotional activity with Dental equipment, including unique financing arrangements. But I don't see us really doing anything different going forward. And again, if you look at the components of Dental equipment, we saw very strong growth in some of the high-tech categories. Really, traditional equipment was the area that was not as strong during the quarter. So I hope that helps out as color.
S. Paladino: Okay, on the first part of your question, certainly, a 5.7% local internal sales growth excluding the impact of H1N1 and seasonal flu vaccine is a very strong number and certainly is gaining market share. It's a little bit difficult for us to determine where the market share gains are coming from, but we don't believe it's focused on any one entity or group of entities, so we think it is across the board. We do believe that patient utilization is improving but improving modestly. We would expect that to continue during 2011. And right now, I think we're very pleased with growing our business in a market that at best it's flat but it's probably slightly down during the fourth quarter. So really it was a good quarter for our Medical Group.
S. Paladino: Yes, International was similar to what we saw in the U.S. It was driven by strong high-tech sales, specifically our German business, which is our largest International business for equipment. Had a very strong fourth quarter, but it was also a good quarter for the other markets. But again, it was led by the high-tech equipment categories that was extremely strong for us in Q4.
S. Paladino: Really if you look at Q1, the reason why the growth is a bit lower than the full year growth relates to, in simplest terms, a more difficult comp. Specifically, if you look at last year, our EPS growth was up 17%. So it was a very strong first quarter last year, and it's really just the timing of a number of expenses and activities, including going up. Stanley mentioned the IDS show, which tends to delay some equipment sales in the early part of the year but then that's a timing benefit in the latter part of the year. So it's really timing and the very strong Q1 of last year growth that we have that impacts that.
S. Paladino: We'll take the second part of your question first, A.J. The minority interest line has bounced around, but the biggest change there was that we increased our ownership in Camlog International, right? So we went from about 65% ownership at the beginning of the year to -- we're just over 90%. So obviously, the change there was lower minority interest impact. There's offset to interest expense because we paid cash for that obviously. And net, it was slightly positive to us for the quarter. So I would expect that line to be more consistent to what you saw in Q4, as well as growth as the underlying businesses grow next year and beyond, because we do expect them to grow. With respect to Butler Schein, we don't have any change in our 2011 accretion guidance. We still believe that, that's a very doable achievement for us. We are focused on, as Stanley said, driving top line growth. We do think that now that all the integration activities are completed, we can do that and there's lots of opportunities there. And of course, hopefully, as the year progresses, we'll give more detail on that, but right now, we feel like the guidance that we gave is still intact.
S. Paladino: Lisa, it was a little bit of both because we did notice that some customers, because the tax benefit continues into this year, it wasn't the same need to purchase in 2010. Although just from a cash flow perspective, get the tax benefit this year versus next year is an advantage. And we did see our order book continue to be strong as we ended the year, so we do think that there's opportunity for equipment to pick up a little bit for 2011. It's really hard, as you can imagine, for us to specifically pinpoint exactly what the impact of the taxes, as well as the year end really does to our numbers. But we do think that Q4 would've been a little bit stronger because we did have a number of installations that occurred in the first part of January.
S. Paladino: First, I think patient traffic in the dental office for Q4 clearly was up, so that was a good news. I think it's very important to note that the consumable sales is generally an indicator of the overall dental market, including equipment. So the fact that we saw good growth in the market and we took market share, because I don't think the market was near 4% growth, 4.3%, I think it's a good indicator that the market is rebounding, and I think that should again help out with equipment as the year progresses because as the dentists sees more activity, they may not want to delay certain equipment purchases. But to be fair, I don't think that gains, 4.3% gains on a continuing basis is something that you should expect. I think it was a very strong quarter for us but I do think that, that expectation continuing, it probably needs to be tempered a little bit.
S. Paladino: Again, I think it's primarily from the smaller players, but it probably is across-the-board. But primarily, I think from smaller players.
S. Paladino: Jeff, with respect to BIOLASE. Yes, you are correct that because of the change in the distribution arrangement, we are no longer the exclusive seller of BIOLASE. BIOLASE is also selling on a direct basis, and we think that's good for the product as it needs more representation in the market. That did have a negative impact to us, so our BIOLASE sales where we continue to sell was down. It was the highest negative in our equipment category. And if you were to exclude BIOLASE from both periods -- remember, it's not that material to us on an overall basis, but it did have an impact on our growth rate. If you were to exclude BIOLASE, the negative impact on our equipment sales growth for the quarter was almost 3%, so it did have a negative impact to us. And I think it's a good question because the overall Equipment business was stronger than what showed through on a reported basis.
S. Paladino: No, there really was no P&L impact on that. It was all cash flow. So no, there was no P&L gain or loss related to that.
S. Paladino: There's a number of things. One, if you just look at the focus of our field sales group, there was a lot of focus in 2010 on changing territories and changing the mix of the customer base or sales people so that we can eliminate sales people calling on the same account. So all of that has gone and now everyone knows who their account is and everyone really is completely focused on their new territory alignments. There is also a lot of cross-selling opportunity. With respect to private label, we have a broader private label offering now with the Henry Schein private label product offering. Certainly, with the acquisitions of the software companies, that should help cross-selling to the companion health market. We also have a number of financial services leasing and other services that will make it hopefully easier to sell certain equipment to the veterinary practice. And then there is, on the flea & tick product categories, we now have access to both lead brands and that allows us to sell the product line to both the original Butler customers, both product lines, as well as to the Schein customers. So it's really in cross-selling and getting deeper penetration with our customer base.
S. Paladino: There's a couple of things that hopefully there are opportunity on. One is related to foreign exchange because people know we tend to include in our guidance conservative estimates on how the dollar versus the local currencies impact us, and right now, that is the conservative assumption that we have baked into our guidance. So hopefully, that will continue. I think the big thing really is the market's continuing to modestly improve like we've seen and like we're expecting. So that continuation is important. We're very focused on gaining market share. And if you look at a lot of our businesses, despite the market conditions, we have gained market share, so we want to continue to do that. I think that there is some opportunity on equipment because we're also trying to be conservative on equipment expectations. You heard earlier that x the BIOLASE impact, we're almost 3% growth for the quarter. So hopefully, we'll see some pickup in equipment. But again, on a lot of these things what we tend to do is build in conservative or realistic to conservative expectations. As you said, it's still early in the year, but we feel good about going into 2011 with all of the activities that we've completed, and we feel like there's some positive momentum going into 2011.
S. Paladino: Yes, I think that that's correct, that we should not expect to see any significant improvement in tax rate. I think it's going to be relatively consistent, maybe up slightly. It depends on income and which tax jurisdictions. But we don't expect that and we're not expecting that to be an opportunity going into 2011.
Stanley Bergman: I don't think much has changed. We have a very active business development group that have responsibility for advancing our business in North America and abroad. The pipeline continues to remain quite active. It's been quite active for many, many years. The timing of closing is of course lumpy, and I think the closing just bunched up a little bit. But the pipeline continues to be quite active as we expand our footprint in terms of Dental, Animal Health and to some extent, Medical, in the consumables, the equipment and software arenas. And we have lots more to go. We are moving towards a situation where probably half of our business will come from outside of the United States and then a period of time a couple of years. Lots more activity to go and lots more business to be had. We have a relatively small international market share, although by far the biggest of any distributor. But then the market continues to be relatively under-penetrated by us, so lots more to go and nothing special. There's no change in the price of acquisition. They still continue to be close at about the same rates. I think maybe getting a little bit better at doing these deals so we get a little bit more better deals, but no major changes, I think, right now.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, I would characterize E4D as quite solid. Of course, E4D has only been in the market for about two years or so and is gaining credibility and momentum. The machine is quite stable and I would say that our field sales consultants are getting many more appointments to see the machine now than say a year ago. And our close rate is pretty good. So I would say that in the United States market and the Canadian market, the machine is gaining credibility. We are starting to gain some sales. So we're happy, and so are our partners. There'll be more technology introduced in the next period of time, upgrades, et cetera. And so, I think we should characterize the investment and the exclusive distribution right as something we're very pleased with.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, what I think gives us the additional confidence is we really have developed an outstanding international team over the last couple of years on the Dental side and the Animal Health and the small Medical business that we have. And I think that the team can take on more assignments. Of course, as we entered into and expanded into the Animal Health market, that gives us additional opportunity because there's a real good opportunity to consolidate that market and take our dental model and expand it abroad. So I think the team we have gives us runway. Clearly, our market share is not very high. So there's lots and lots of opportunity in each of the major markets. And of course, our entry into the emerging world markets also provides some upside, although my guess is the majority of the growth will come -- or the majority in terms of absolute dollars will come from the developed world. As it relates to the Middle East, our major position of course is in Turkey, which is really quite stable and the business is doing quite well, of course, it's a 50% ownership and is therefore not consolidated. We do some Export business into the Gulf. I don't expect that to be impacted at all, but we don't actually have a joint venture on the ground or business on the ground in the Gulf. And our business in Israel is doing quite well.
Stanley Bergman: I think just to add a little bit more to what Steven said, and that is we, at this point, feel that the market is probably starting to grow again, and that's good, and we expect to gain market share. So gaining market share in a growing market will add to internal growth.
Stanley Bergman: I think you have to bifurcate that question into two. There's the branded manufacturers. I don't think we expect to necessarily get better pricing because we are a global player. I think we will help those manufacturers [indiscernible] that work with us closely gain market share. Having said that, I think that supply chain efficiencies will increase, and we will take these businesses and increase the operating margin from the supply chain efficiencies. In addition to that, clearly, as Steven noted, injecting our private brand offering into these markets, the Animal Health markets will of course increase the profitability of those businesses and obviously, the more private brand we sell on an aggregated basis between all our businesses, the better deals we can get with our suppliers. And I think that we will continue to leverage our buying capability in that regard and specifically our Asian office out of Shanghai, which will continue to increase the profitability through reducing of our acquisition costs. And that in itself will provide greater profits.
Stanley Bergman: So, thank you very much everyone for calling in on today's call. I think you can tell from the prepared remarks and the Q&A dialogue that we believe the business is continuing to grow nicely in terms of market share in every one of our businesses. We are managing our expenses quite well. We continue to integrate acquisitions affectively and have a good pipeline for acquisitions, although there are no commitments obviously to close any acquisitions in any particular time frame. That is always dependent on the effects on the ground at the time. So overall, we're quite happy with the state of the business. We think that the markets are stabilizing to moving into the slightly positive territory, and assuming that the world continues to be relatively stable, we continue to be most encouraged by our markets and look forward to a terrific 2011. So thank you for calling. If you have any questions, you can reach Steven at (631) 843-5915 and Susan at 5562 at Henry Schein. So thank you very much, and have a good day.
