Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are so pleased with our third quarter financial results, which reflected accelerated growth in adjusted diluted EPS, as well as in worldwide sales despite the continued negative impact of the strength of the United States dollar. As was also the case during the first quarter, the first half, actually, of the year, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacted all of our international operations during the third quarter and particularly those in Europe. For the quarter, changes in currency exchange reduced our total sales growth by nearly 6% and reduced EPS by $0.06, both compared with the previous year – with last year. Yet, overall, the global markets we serve continue to be stable. Through our long-standing strategy of organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions, we believe we continued to gain market share on an overall basis during the quarter both in North America and internationally. Today, we are pleased to introduce guidance for the 2016 adjusted diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared with the midpoint of our new adjusted 2015 guidance range. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent financial performance and business accomplishments, but first, Steve Paladino will review our quarterly financial results. Steve.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, that's a very good question. And I think you've probably noticed that perhaps in the last five or six years, our Medical business has gained momentum. This has been the result of a strategic planning exercise we concluded about seven years ago, in which we determined that there were two areas we wanted to focus on. One is the larger practices in the networks and what has morphed into what many refer to as the IDNs, integrated delivery networks and at the same time, focusing on certain specialty areas that are important to our position. (30:29) All eventually geared towards wellness and prevention, which falls in line with the healthcare reform plans. In other words, wellness, healthcare versus sick care, moving procedures from the hospital to the office, to the alternate care side. Our strategies are solid. We believe they are solid for many years to come. And we believe our Medical group has been executing very well. Of course, the acquisition of the Cardinal physician business and the integration of those sales representatives, including adding the Cardinal product offering to our Henry Schein offering, have all contributed in one way or another to driving, first, the internal growth and, in addition, of course, the acquisition growth that came along with that acquisition.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. We are actually quite pleased with the progress we are making on our diagnostic portfolio offering, and in fact, training of our sales force to introduce these products. As you may recall, the switch from one manufacturer to this group of manufacturers came quite sudden. We will focus on a lot of other things at the time and reliance on that manufacturer. So about a year ago, we had to put our plans into place. Our plans contemplated adding software, middleware, that would connect various manufacturers' systems to our software, our practice management software. And about half the physicians in this country use our practice management software and a fair number overseas use our practice management software. So, we developed this middleware, Axis-Q which is pretty good. It's up and running, it's out of beta, and we're selling. Of course, our sales force needs to be trained and understand how the interface between the actual (36:29) and there was a wide variety of boxes and systems out there. There's no shortage of good technology out there. How we can connect that in the most effective way to our customers, practice management system, also tying in reference labs to our practice management system. And all of these, together with our acquisition of scil, which is a leading provider of laboratory diagnostic equipment software, is working actually quite well. And we're pleased, given the short amount of time that we've had to focus on this, with the results. Now if you add the acquisition of Vetstreet to that, you will see that we are in a pretty good position to provide very good information to our customers to help them go out into their customer base to ensure that they are attracting traffic into the practitioner's office and provide solid data to those manufacturers that wish to work with us on the pet food side and on the pharma side. So, we're all very pleased with where we are considering what happened about a year ago. And I'm quite sure as has been the case several times in Henry Schein's history where a similar situation has emerged that Henry Schein will thrive. And we will, in fact, be a significant provider of diagnostic equipment to veterinarians throughout the world.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I think the international dental business is solid. Of course, you have to adjust for foreign exchange because our results are post (40:37) U.S. dollars are not reflective of the dynamics, the positive dynamics that we're experiencing. I would say, the German market which is our biggest market is solid. In equipment, we're having a very good year. I don't see why we shouldn't continue with that trend for a while. Consumables are steady. The UK is a good market. I think we're doing okay there. France is a bit weak, but we are doing okay because we're really the only national full-service dealer distributor in the UK. And then if you look at Italy and Spain, we're doing okay, but the comparables are pretty low. And then the only other big market is Australia where there are – we're doing okay, we're getting some market share, but the Australian economy is not doing as well as it was maybe because of commodities. But I think it seems to be bit of a lackluster economy at this moment. It could turn around quickly. The rest of the markets in aggregate are not that material. So, we remain quite positive about international in general. Also, I might add (41:46) and we'll continue to invest in the global dental market.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. It's a very good question, and obviously, there's no solid data out there. There are a couple of factors. First of all, there is definitely a movement from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting, both in terms of physician practices, and I'm talking about GPs, although in some areas, the specialists, too, and the ambulatory care centers. So that's a fact, specific data, hard to get, but I think it's fair to say. I think as the Affordable Care Act kicks in, there'll be more people covered with the ability to go to a GP for a check-up or when they're feeling a flu or something rather than wait until they're really sick to go to the emergency center at a hospital where people who do not have insurance would have been treated. I'm not dealing with the very low-end, which is Medicaid nor with the Medicare or those that are covered by insurance. But there're still, I don't know, 50 million, 60 million, 70 million people that in one way or another now will have some form of insurance, not fully kicked in, but GPs in general are seeing more patients. They're not getting reimbursed by the way at the same rate per patient that they were before. But they need a glove and they need a mask, and they need cleansing solutions. I would also add that there are not that many national distributors that can provide a complete solution to the alternate care setting. I happen to think we do it better than anyone else, but I'm sure others will say they do it well. So, we all gain name recognition with the GPOs. And the GPOs realize that if the contract is put through Schein, they're not going to look too bad because we're going to execute well. And I think we execute extremely well to these large accounts, multiple locations under common management. So, it's a little bit of trend and it's a lot of execution. And I think we have good momentum in this marketplace. A lot of brand recognition that perhaps we didn't have six or seven years ago amongst these large providers because six or seven years ago, we were known to the doctors, the person that managed the practice rather than to the large group practice or the hospital or the IDN that is now our customer.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, John, I don't think this quarter would be an indication of trends per se. Having said that, I do believe that more procedures are moving into the GP office, and that's why, by the way, we entered the endodontic space, the orthodontic space and the implant oral surgery space in such a heavy way several years ago because our GP customers are performing these procedures. So, I think that is correct. I don't think any particular results that we may have may be indicative of the change. If we're growing faster in the specialty area, the reason is probably because we're underpenetrated. So, I would say in our numbers, there's nothing that can indicate one way or the other, although, obviously, there's a movement from the small accounts to the midsized accounts and from the midsized accounts to the elite, the large ones although we are experiencing I think the heaviest growth in the midmarket accounts, those are practitioners that own a multiple of practices, three, four practices. Yeah. And just on the pure metrics for the current quarter, our overall specialty product category did grow a little bit faster than the overall 3.8%, John. So that's part of our strategy and why we got into those product categories because we do expect them to grow at a faster clip. It wasn't a huge gap this quarter but again this is only one quarter and it was slightly faster.
Stanley M. Bergman: I would add, Jeff, that the rates of automation in the dental laboratories is accelerating a lot. And as the largest provider of products to dental labs, we're experiencing good growth in those three large business segments (56:40). So, the whole area of CAD/CAM and automation of laboratories is very, very exciting for us. And the connection between those labs and our customers through our Commit (56:54) dental program is very, very exciting.
Steven Paladino: And, Bob, just the second part of your question, so clearly, we show all of the Cardinal sales that came over to the Schein platform, both sales that were processed through the Cardinal platform as well as the sales now being processed through the Henry Schein platform. All of that is shown as acquisition growth. So you could see there's also a significant acquisition growth in Medical and virtually – I think it's all related to the Cardinal acquisition of the physician business. So, we're able to track customer by customer and have a good split on that.
Steven Paladino: So, I think the goal is to at least achieve that 20 basis points. There's potential maybe to be a little bit ahead of that, depending on sales growth. And obviously the more sales growth that we get, if the markets continue to be solid for us, that allows us to leverage expenses to a greater extent. So, we feel good about the continued ability to expand margins into next year and even beyond.
Steven Paladino: You're talking about just the agency because there's two components to normalization, Kevin. The first is the shift away from the IDEXX sales product line to Abaxis and Heska, and we take out both prior year the IDEXX sales as well as current year the Abaxis and Heska sales to really show, excluding all diagnostic product categories, what the growth is. That ends in Q4 of this year. Separately, the agency sales switch was a negative impact of just under 3% for us in the current quarter. It's hard to tell if there's future switches between agencies and direct sales. We really can't predict that, but – so it's not something I could say is going to end or not because there seems to be every year a flip-flop from one manufacturer, from one to the other. But we'll continue to call it out because I do think the best way of looking at our real growth is adjusting the impact of agency sales conversions for ourselves.
Steven Paladino: It's in the pharma category, but I don't know the exact products, quite frankly, off the top of my head.
Steven Paladino: Sure, I'll start and Stanley will jump in. So we continue to be very optimistic about the ability to drive sales for both product lines, Heska and Abaxis. And one thing – maybe I'll turn it to Stanley to talk a little bit about, we have launched the new software, Axis-Q, and maybe that's a good place, Stanley, for you to jump in.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. I don't want to get in to that level of specificity with specific margins for a quarter. But let me try to help you in a different way. So, there were a number of items, and I'll go to a couple of them, that were timing impacts, that were favorable timing in Q3, that reversed obviously in Q4. They include things like flu vaccines year-over-year. Flu vaccine sales were much stronger, up 12% Q3 this year versus last year. And as you know, flu vaccine is a good margin product for us. There's also timing of a number of expenses that we expected to hit and typically hit in Q3 that are now expected to hit in Q4. And if you add all those together, you may have $0.03, $0.04 or $0.05 of timing variances between Q3 and Q4. So while that reduces a little bit of the growth in Q3, obviously it has the opposite impact in Q4. And when you do that, I think you'll be able to understand really more of the flow of our second half of the year. So hopefully that's helpful.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. It's something that – if you recall last quarter, we did say that we did expect to see an acceleration of equipment sales growth. So we're pleased that that happened. If you look at overall, just to give you a little bit of color, traditional equipment sales growth for the quarter was a bit stronger than high tech equipment but not much, probably somewhere in total of about 1 percentage point differential. So really good growth both on the overall high tech equipment category as well as the overall traditional equipment category, so not major variance but slightly better traditional equipment growth than high tech growth.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, the IDEXX revenue in the prior year for 2014 was about $150 million of revenue. And we said we would not be back even on revenues in year one it would probably be at least a couple of years maybe into the third year for us to be even. It is a longer sales cycle to convert people. Not all veterinarians are eligible for conversion in the same year because of long-term commitments. So, it is a multi-year project. So, we're still negative on overall diagnostic sales. But again, long term, we feel, as Stanley talked about it in the previous question, optimistic about being successful in that category.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. I don't want to make those type of projections at this time as to how much it is. I think it's too much specificity. We typically don't give that level of detail on a specific product line. But it's going to take two or three years really to get back to even on the sales line. By the way, on the profit line, depending on how things work, we may not need the same amount of sales to achieve the same level of profitability because there may be higher margin.
Steven Paladino: We actually took another look at it, given the volatility, and we continue to elect not to hedge translation adjustments. Really, it's not an economic hedge. Really, if you want to hedge for a long-term period is expensive and you're just delaying the impact until when the hedge runs out. We do hedge though transaction exposure. So, in countries where we're buying in currency A and selling in currency B, we're continuing to hedge. We actually increased the amount of hedges we do on transactions. We were typically hedging 70% plus of known activity. We're probably closer to 90% today. But we really feel that the translation exposure is something that we don't want to do. And quite frankly, I think that the volatility and being able to predict movements is difficult, if not impossible.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. So, it's a good point. Yes, we have our 53rd week in 2016. I'm glad you asked the question. So, it's interesting because depending on the business unit, the level of incremental profitability in some cases is modest, in some cases is actually slightly negative. And that may sound odd, right, because you may say, how do you have an extra week and not have more profitability? But if you think it through, it's the last week of the year which is the holiday week. So, when you look at sales on Consumables, sales tend be very light that week because a lot of offices are closed and there's not a lot of ordering going on that week. Equipment is a little different story. But at least on Consumables, it's a very light week. And a lot of expenses, and if you think of payroll and payroll-related that represents at least two-thirds of our expense structure, you have a full week's worth of payroll and a partial week's worth of sales. So, everyone thinks the extra week is very profitable for us. It really is marginally plus or minus depending on the business unit.
Steven Paladino: John, sorry to interrupt you, but you – the beginning of your question was not – we weren't able to hear, so maybe you could just repeat it again.
Steven Paladino: No. I would say that pricing inflation for the year has been very stable. I don't think there's been any major movements.
Steven Paladino: Well, you know, Jeff, mid-single-digit growth on technology is not a bad place for the current quarter. We are seeing on CAD/CAM a bigger increase in people electing at this time to just buy the scan-only product and not the full system. I'm sure you know we sell a few different brands on scan-only and sometimes that makes sense. I think that's ultimately the practice, I think we'll go for the full end-to-end solution. But sometimes, they just want to get started. And so, we're seeing a lot more people doing scan-only than we've seen historically. We did have a difficult comp with upgrades and very strong sales last year in the CAD/CAM segment. But I still think if you look out a few quarters, this is going to be a very strong category. There's still very good technology. There's still very low penetration in the market. It's something that dentists really will adopt over a period of time. And again, we all know dentists are a little slower adopters of technology than other practitioners may be. But I think we should stay very bullish on this category.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Yeah. In hindsight, I wish we were a little bit more aggressive in Q2 and Q3 in stock repurchase, but we'll still probably – will use the bulk of the $150 million that is approved before the year-end or slightly into next year. I'm not sure if there's any better answer to that, Jeff. On Q3 on the dental side, I think I would concur that the quarter, but don't be too much into this. The quarter was stronger at the beginning of the quarter than the end of the quarter, but many, many times, you see those variations and they really are just the ebbs and flow of purchasing patterns of practices and of the timing things and they're not indicative of really any trend, but I do agree that it started stronger for Q3 than the final month of the quarter.
