Ron South: Certainly, Elizabeth, I will take the first question and Stanley will respond to your second question. So the re-measurement gain was something we contemplated in our guidance. We didn’t have a definite amount for it, just like we weren’t sure how much our acquisition costs were going to be either. So, ultimately, those -- as we have kind of demonstrated in that exhibit to the press release, those amounts once we realized the higher expenses and we also realized the net re-measurement gain have largely offset on a year-to-date basis. So, yes, our guidance does contemplate the effect of those items. And Stanley, if you want to take the second question.
Ron South: Yeah. Our full year guidance is still $5.18 to $5.35 and that includes an expected $0.35 to $0.40 headwind versus the prior year of impact on EPS from contributions from PPE sales and COVID-19 test kit sales. So those -- that remains unchanged from a guidance standpoint. While we have adjusted the some of our revenue assumptions on those products because of the better-than-expected margins on the PPE sales, we haven’t had to adjust the $0.35 to $0.40 expected headwind that was built into our original guidance.
Ron South: And Jeff, to answer the second part of your question, the $0.05 to $0.10 that we referred to after the first quarter when we amended guidance was specific reference to the expected dilutive effect during the year from biotech. The -- we are holding that $0.05 to $0.10, but it now is for all the acquisitions that we have announced so far this year. Apart from that, we have higher-than-expected acquisition expenses, which are largely offset by the re-measurement gain that we recorded in the second quarter as well. So we kind of have set those aside and that was the purpose of Exhibit C to the press release, so people could see the components of that and we are holding to the $0.05 to $0.10 of dilution, but now it captures all of the acquisitions that we have announced today.
Ron South: I will start with the quantifiable one first. The step-up charge that we have and it will be disclosed in the 10-Q as well, in the second quarter for Biotech was $2 million. So not a real significant effect on gross margin. In terms of S.I.N, it is absorbed within that $0.05 to $0.10. There’s also going to be a step-up on S.I.N, but they don’t turn their inventory as quickly. So we don’t expect it to quarter-to-quarter have as dramatic of an effect. So S.I.N without kind of disclosing the modeled dilution on that, I can tell you that it is absorbed within that $0.05 to $0.10.
Ron South: I am sorry, Biotech -- just to answer you quickly, Biotech churns our inventory about twice a year. So we have about another quarter of that inventory step up left. So it will be another $2 million in Q3 and then we will be able to move on from that.
Ron South: Yeah. We are very pleased with the equipment growth we had. I mean, North America equipment growth on an LCI basis of 9.8%, especially in this environment on some of the high-tech equipment traditional remains very high at -- our LCI in North America on traditional equipment was growth of 14.6% and that was with virtually no movement in the backlog. It’s almost identical from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. So it’s very indicative of ongoing strong demand for traditional equipment. On the high-tech side, we still have some headwinds on scanners, but it’s price related. We are getting good values on scanners, but the revenues are down, some on the scanners. We do have -- I think they are down 12.1% on, well, I am sorry, digital restoration sales were down 12.1%, but the scanner revenue is still down 40% for us year-over-year and that’s really a pricing matter. Having said that, on high-tech equipment, we did achieve very -- a little bit of growth. It’s single-digit, low single-digit growth, but we did get some high-tech growth, which we are pleased with and that’s coming from some growth really kind of across the Board. You mentioned a lot of the categories, some growth in mills, some growth in 3D printing. Those are all coming off relatively low basis, but nevertheless they are providing us with some growth and that’s helping the category.
Ron South: And Nathan, just one thing to add on the backlog. The -- like I mentioned before, our backlog in North America has stayed pretty constant over the course of the quarter and we saw a very good sales growth. Yeah, I would -- quite frankly, I would like that backlog come down some, not just for the revenue lift it would give us, but it’s just better for our customers to reduce the timing of that backlog so they get their equipment more quickly and it increases capacity in the end market, quite frankly, for -- in those situations where that backlog is for equipment that is new to the business as opposed to replacement. So we would like for that backlog to come down. But right now, we still up in North America, we are experiencing a fairly consistent backlog. In terms of your question on Q3, Q4 margins, I do think that, especially at a gross margin level, we can continue at the levels we are at. I think that it’s indicative of the growing importance of the dental specialty products in our overall portfolio, as well as the growth in our technology business and I think we can continue with that as we get into the back half of the year. Of course, there’s always -- it’s a broad portfolio. There are things that can impact that. For example, Q4 tends to be a heavier quarter for equipment sales than other quarters and those sales tend to be at slightly lower margins than what our overall margin is right now. So that can bring down margins a little bit, but in exchange for the additional sales, we will clearly take that. So I don’t know -- I think that that’s -- my general expectation is we will be able to continue with the margins that we have seen in the first half of the year into the second half of the year.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you. Elizabeth, the S.I.N. Implants, not the whole line, but significantly important part of the portfolio already approved in the U.S. are selling to some extent and are being well received by our particularly DSO customers where we, in fact, by coincidents last week were able to land a pretty decent DSO that is interested in the S.I.N. Implant System. It puts us whole S.I.N. transaction puts us in a very competitive position now, because to some extent, in the U.S. and maybe some other markets, although Camlog -- BioHorizons Camlog is a premium product selling at a slightly lower price than some of the major brands, if not all of them, we still were missing a piece in our portfolio on the more economic side of implants and now I believe we are well positioned with S.I.N. and I believe in the next year or so, we will be able to also launch the Biotech line in the United States. Different market segments, but I think we are definitely in a very competitive position now and are actually starting to see some sales.
Stanley Bergman: No. I think we acquired Prism about a year or so ago or two years ago, which was mostly an East Coast business with a relatively limited portfolio. Shield puts us into the West Coast with a broader portfolio. And Shield was missing the wound care offering that Prism had. So we believe we will create synergies relatively quickly. There are costs, of course, on the integration, which we have taken into account in our guidance, mostly one-time costs. But I think in 2024, we should be able to start adding accretion in a nice way. This has really been an area that our customers, our big IDN customers have wanted us to perform and we didn’t undertake these kinds of services. We have one DSN -- IDN in New York area that we service in the homecare area, but we didn’t really have the full capabilities between these two acquisitions and another small one which we hope to announce soon, we will have a pretty good offering in products for the home and will be a great extension to our physician and urgi care business.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thanks for that question. On the macro side in North America, I believe there is stability on the dental side. That’s what our team believes in general. Consumables, people are -- patients are returning to the dental office if data is not perfect. But if you look at the latest ADA survey and some recent analyst reports and studies, it suggested that patient traffic picked up throughout the second quarter after the steady volumes in the first quarter of 2023, and so we -- and we also -- of course, we had some volatility in the first quarter of 2022. And so it appears that patient flow is good. July, from our point of view, was a good month. Our e-claims data also suggests that, what I have just described is backed up again by e-claims data from Henry Schein One. If you peel on in a little bit further, at least from our point of view, implant sales continue to grow well in North America, same for endodontics. Our small aligner business is showing similar times of trends. If you look at international, it’s slightly more tepid in international. It’s hard to tell, because we are now in the summer month that when -- the summer months when Europe is largely closed. Having said that, we did suffer in the second quarter because of the strikes in France. I would say Germany is okay. We had pretty strong numbers in 2022 from a comp point of view, because we had the trade in in the second quarter of 2022. Patient traffic in Germany, which is our biggest market outside of the U.S., seems to be steady. There is somewhat of a staff shortage. But again, it’s really hard to tell. This is the vacation month now, July, August and it’s very hard to tell exactly what is happening in Europe, Germany. But from our checks, it’s pretty steady. We don’t see much of a deterioration at all. In fact, it could be on the positive side. So, generally, dental and medical are okay. on the medical side a little bit more. We did have high comps last year, a 15% almost growth. So the medical is not going to -- as we did caution at the time, present that kind of growth going forward. There is some trading to more generic products, specifically on the pharmaceutical side doesn’t impact the absolute dollar profits. But I think medical is at least with the ASC business is back to where it was before COVID. And I think if you take out the unusual visits that we experienced in the first half of last year because of flu, I think, medical is stable as well. I think on the other hand I believe our market share is growing. On the specialty products side, again, I think, we have covered this in our call, and at least from our point of view, we don’t see any major impact from the units’ point of view. It is trading to lower priced products, specifically from our DSO customers. But in general, our markets are stable and I think we are quite comfortable at this moment. Our backlog on equipment year-on-year in North America is pleasing, similar to where it was at the end of last quarter and on the international side is building up again to pre-COVID level. So I would say stability all around that would be our view at this moment. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question, Jeff. Thanks for asking. I think you need to take the fourth quarter of 2022 and the first quarter of 2023 and more or less average out because of the cut-offs. It leans a little bit higher in the first quarter, but it certainly was a 6.5% growth of apples-to-apples. I think we have covered that in the past. I would also suggest that inflation in the consumable world, in the dental arena has muted. Maybe some products individually of certain brands have gone up. They are not necessarily sticky from the manufacturer pass-through. We are not -- the manufacturers are not necessarily able to hold all these consumable price increases. At the same time, there is a movement towards corporate brand/generics, and some of the smaller brands are doing well, where some of those manufacturers are prepared to keep prices or even reduce prices. So it’s very hard on a one quarter basis to give you the perfect measurement of mix. But I would take into account the cut-offs for 2022 for the fourth quarter and I would take into account the fact that generally there’s been some deflation in merchandise prices. And I would say this is particularly coming from the larger DSOs and the midsized DSOs who are to-date a lot more educated consumers than in the past. This is not really impacting our margin per se, the general mix of our margin to DSOs. So there’s a lot of nuance in what I just said. Let’s see what happens in the third quarter and fourth quarter. But my sense is the trend that I just described is not going to change much.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, it’s hard to tell, as I -- maybe I wasn’t clear, exactly what the impact is going to be of deflation, whether it’s price reduction on specific branded products or switch to generic or other manufacturers for specific kinds of products. Yeah, I doubt, we are in more than 100-basis-point, 150-basis-point swing, maybe 200-basis-point, but I am not sure it’s much different to that. So I don’t think inflation is going to be significant in the dental consumable business. I think it may go down slightly to deflation, but we are in that range. Units are holding more or less steady. Of course, from our point of view, we are growing our specialty business, although the business may be growing, that doesn’t have an impact really in a material way on our total sales of dental consumables because it’s not material in the context of the whole consumable offering. Having said that, specialty products are impacting our margin in a positive way and so our corporate brands and some of the smaller manufacturers.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Jon, that was -- thank you for that question. If you look at just North America, sales of our BioHorizons Camlog premium implants, remember that -- it’s a premium implant at a slightly lower price than, perhaps, our competitors in the premium area, delivered mid-single-digit growth and that’s a sequential improvement versus the first quarter. Internationally, implant demand remains good. Remember, we have a very small business in China. Generally, demand for dental implants, again, favored the low price part. Although I must say, for BioHorizons Camlog, we did very well in our biggest market, which is Germany, Austria and Switzerland. But Medentis did very well also in Germany, which is on the lower end. So, overall, we are quite comfortable, actually, very excited about our growth in the implant business. Hard to tell you how we are doing compared to others. The data from the association that reports premium implant sales is not yet available for the second quarter. But my sense is we have gained market share, both in terms of units and in terms of euros, dollars. So as it relates to the competitiveness of our product line, Elizabeth asked a question earlier on, we were missing a piece in the lower end of the mix in North America. I believe S.I.N will enable us to be highly competitive in this area, specifically with DSOs, large ones and midsized ones. I just want to go back to the ID, the sensor DI question earlier on. I think we reported this time last year that our sales that include a large sale of DI equipment to substantial DSO and so if you take that out. The units are more or less returning to where they were and there still is some deflation, but not a significant amount. And on the DI side, it’s not really deflation relative to a particular brand, but there are lower priced brands that we are selling more of relative to the larger brands.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. It’s very hard to give you specifics. I think we are doing well in terms of units with our existing customers. We are gaining customers. But the whole area of visits unrelated to steady visits relative to urgi centers and normal type medical visits is hard to gauge, because of the impact of the seasonality of flu and we sell quite a bit of flu-related products, be it the test or the related products that go with the test. At the moment, it seems pretty steady. It’s -- I wouldn’t want to say this, really, I wouldn’t want you to view this in the wrong way, but COVID is growing a little bit. So people are going more to the physician offices to check things out. So July was a lot better. But you can’t draw conclusions. There was a lull in equipment sales. We had a lot of good inquiries in July. But it’s hard to give you a specific number. The impact of generic pharmaceuticals is quite a bit on the injectable side, not the vaccine side. We don’t sell many tablets and capsules, not our business. So overall, it’s a good business and whether it’s 3% or 5% or 6%, I don’t think that impacts the overall profitability in a meaningful way. There are so many puts and takes in our medical business. But we feel very good about our medical business and continue to believe that on a unit basis we are growing market share.
Stanley Bergman: So, Nathan, on the equipment, I believe that demand is quite good and steady. Some of the larger DSOs continue to invest. There may have been a bit of a pause a few months ago when some of these DSOs, perhaps, highly leveraged, we are looking to determine whether they really should invest or not. But there is a demand for dental care and I believe that our bigger DSOs are growing, one or two of them had some operational issues, which I think are largely behind them. But I believe that they are investing. I am talking about the largest size and the midsize are growing as well, smaller practitioners not so much. But, overall, I would say, the demand for traditional equipment is there. The -- on the digital side, the DI scanners are growing in terms of units. Yes, there’s -- to some extent, movement to the lower priced units, but not discounting of any particular unit in a material way, just to switch as more people look at this area, very important to realize the high comp we had in one area in the DI area last year, we disclosed that on our call. And the mills, I would say, are steady. There’s a demand. It’s not as hot as it was, sort of a trade-up, that helped a bit. And 3D printing is quite hot, tick up back a little bit. If you look at our numbers, in general, we are a big player on the dental lab side. There is a movement away from consumables into digitalization. So that movement is also impacting, to some extent, the sales of consumables and resulting in an increase in equipment. But overall, I think, our equipment backlog in the United States, which is pretty similar to what it was at the end of last quarter, I think, is indicative of the desire of dentists to invest in their practices, to make the practices more efficient and provide better digital outcomes. A nice way to even look at that is -- another way is to look at the investment in AI. We have -- and it relates primarily to our Henry Schein One software where we have I believe the most integrated solution, embedded AI in our software and the units of those are growing there. This is all tied to the desire of invest -- practitioners to invest in their practice. So I think the market is stable to growing and international is quite complex and different issues in different countries. But in the countries where there is large government support like Germany, from our point of view, it’s stable, although there is a shortage of dentists, and hopefully, France will sort itself out after Labor Day. The rest of the markets are stable. There’s some ups in Australia because of a little bit of incentives for this quarter. Brazil is pretty stable, and overall, Canada is stable. So I would say, the dental markets are pretty stable, solid overall.
Stanley Bergman: So, thank you. I know we have gone over, 8 minutes over a lot of time. Thank you everyone for calling in. Again, we are very pleased with the progress we are making in the business, both the core business, our specialty businesses, our software businesses. The markets are steady, lots of ins and outs, subtle points. But generally, we are comfortable with where we are today. We have reaffirmed guidance. Sorry about the complexity on PPE and test and the acquisitions, expenses and related costs and income generated in that area. But this will I think, we will try to make it clearer for our investors to make it as simple as possible for the remainder of the year. But I think next year should be a relatively clean year, and hopefully, you will see that we -- our confidence in the business is justified. So thank you all for calling in, of course, Graham and Ron are available to speak with investors over the next days and thank you for calling in. We remain confident in our team. Thank you to the team for the tremendous work that has been undertaken as we come out of the other side of COVID and implement our strategic plan. So thank you all and have a great remainder of your summer. Thank you very much.
