Stanley Bergman: Good morning. Thank you, Carolynne, and thank you all for joining us today. We are pleased to announce record first quarter financial results from continuing operations. Internally generated sales growth in local currencies was 4.3% and EPS growth from continuing operations was approximately 8% on both the GAAP, the non-GAAP basis. We are also raising the top end of our guidance for 2019 on a non-GAAP financial guidance range basis. We are pleased with our performance to date as we execute on our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. We have completed the first quarter of what we have characterized as 2019 transition year as we continue to separate operations of our former Animal Health business. Throughout this transition we believe we gained market share in both of our Global Dental and Medical businesses and we are quite confident that Henry Schein is well positioned and believe, actually, continues to be well positioned for operational success over the long term. Our focus remains on supporting our customers around the world with the broadest array of products and services, along with innovative technology that expands our value-added solutions offering while pursuing new investment opportunities. So it's about inorganic growth, organic growth by helping our customers operate a more efficient practice so that they on their end can provide better quality care to the public. We are very excited about the opportunities we have to continue to grow our business on a global basis through our investments in scale and innovation. So at this time, let me ask Steven to review our financial results and guidance and then I'll provide some additional commentary on the recent business performance and accomplishments. Please, Steven.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, John. So our goal is two-fold. One is to advance our portfolio and market share in specialty products, dental, endo, ortho, implants, bone regeneration and products that are supporting those professionals and providing specialty dental care. At the same time we've started advancing our specialty area focused in the medical arena with a line of orthopedics, blades and swords that we're doing quite well. We've and had been focused on that also for a while and we focus on expanding that portfolio. So that's one area which is also supplemented, by the way, with the Henry Schein One offering because you could view it as a private brand or a corporate brand, if you will, because it's our own brand, but that's all services, the practitioner with unique products under the Henry Schein brand. At the same time, we have led for years with the expansion of sales led by an expansion of product offerings of high-quality, price-competitive products that we offer through our private brand and corporate brand. And we will continue to do that. Having said that, Henry Schein is primarily a branded, national brand for valued-add [ph] products. However, where we experience price competition, we lead very often with our corporate brand, our private brand, which is highly competitive and enables us, of course, to compete very nicely. So it's with branded products, our own branded products that are in the specialty areas and software, and private brand where we are offering competitive pricing, however, fully mindful of the fact that we are a national brand supporter and wish to continue to grow our relationships with those manufacturers of national brand products that see Henry Schein as a great partner.
Stanley Bergman: John, it is conflicting data out there, but it's our view that less, in the United States for example, less than 20% of practitioners have a digital, some form of digital prosthetic device, be it a scanner or be it a fully integrated scanner machine that also is integrated with bridge and crown milling systems and software. So we think it's still under 20% or so. So there's somewhere around the high 70s of the market that's still available. On the other hand, the imaging systems tends to be more penetrated. Having said that, there is still great opportunity in the imaging side knowing full well that the price of imaging machinery -- digital imaging machinery is coming down somewhat. But in terms of units, there's still market opportunity, quite a nice one, and certainly in terms of units lots and lots of opportunity for Henry Schein. So digital dentistry presents huge opportunity for us, what I was talking about is the US but the same general concept apply in Europe and, of course, certainly elsewhere.
Stanley Bergman: Good question. I think the market is growing at all levels. First of all, there's the entry level. Those practitioners that are putting their toe in the water; that so, not necessarily going for the high-end. But you know, what's interesting is, they migrate from the lower-end to the high-end as they add a second and third device. So we're doing well and have done well, by the way, for the past seven or eight years introducing new practitioners to DI advisors, we often lead with the lower end, sometimes with the mid-range, and then advance to the higher end. So I think the market is good for all, and I think what will become even more effective is the integration, the inter-operability between these devices whether they're DI devices or digital imaging and our software. There is solid integration now as we mentioned in the call; the leading manufacturers of these devices have signed up to integrate with Dentrix, a lot of the major one's are already integrated and the others will follow soon. So interoperability will drive this category, both in terms of prosthetics and imaging in a significant way in the years to come, both in this country and abroad.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think you're correct in pointing out that one has to be very careful when looking at a 4 to 5-week month Android conclusions even in quarter having said that, and we've said this for many years now last 2 or 3 years. In fact the dental markets are stable and consumable market. I'm the referring to particular and is leaning positively, there are some parts of the world where it's leaning more positively the US is quite stable and there's a slight increase in units, but not much and not a lot of inflation. So the market may be growing 1% one 2% and if it grows. One, the sales and to be on the lower end if it grows to on the higher end, but also I think it is fair to say that Henry Schein has been gaining market share for quite a long time, and we expect to continue to do that for the years to come. Very good programs to encourage customers to aggregated purchases with us of consumables equipment software and particularly. Now specialty products I think consistent with past the markets are stable leaning.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. Well, again, on an EPS basis, foreign exchange negatively impacted this quarter. Our EPS by $0.015, you can look at the details of the sales that we went through that show the sales impact. I think -- again, I always believe that really difficult if not impossible to predict foreign exchange movements, there is too many things that impacted geopolitical things other things that go on. So for us, we're really assuming that the foreign exchange impact is consistent or foreign exchange rates are consistent with what we've seen in Q1. If there are significant deviations from that, that could impact our guidance, but right now we're not assuming that.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. Thanks, Steve. On your first question, the impact to our operating margin was very small, related to foreign exchange, because we remember both sales, COGS and operating expenses were all converted at the same rate. So it's really just a mix issue that had some minor impact, but it really was not significant for us. Second question, trying to remember, just give me again the second question, I forgot.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, sorry. Yeah, virtually all of the restructuring benefits is on the operating expense line. There's a very little that we are getting on the COGS line. So in fact I'm not sure there's any of this is showing up on the COGS line. So it's really all reducing our selling and general administrative expenses, reducing and we did reduce some headcount and we also eliminated some physical locations. So again, it's all on the op -- virtually, all on the operating expense line.
Stanley Bergman: I would think that it would be relative number; Q1 is a short quarter for both sales to [indiscernible] we closed, February 7. I would think that the sales are relatively even throughout the year against say for the short Q1. There are not really any products that have a huge seasonal impact. So it should be pretty even throughout the year and we'll continue to do because while it wasn't that material for us in Q1 as the number gets bigger. We wanted to point that out. So that when you look at our operating margins, which is a key metric we can look at operating margins excluding that [ph]. Effectively that's a transfer of products from us through covetrus [ph] even though GAAP requires it to be shown this to sell, it's a sale, again, with no profitability or very marginable -- marginal profitability at the operating income line.
Stanley Bergman: And so Sarah, traditionally, since IBS is right at the end of the quarter and traditionally IBS involves sale mostly equipment and equipment acquired generally installation is nothing really ship in the first quarter, then you start seeing it in the second quarter and ending in the 3rd quarter. Hard to get the timing between the second and the 3rd, right. But in general, it will be good to take a look at sales for the first, second and third in aggregate I think you'll get a trend for how well the equipment market is doing in general. but I can say from Henry Schein point of view, we had a pretty good IBS, traditional imaging and of course, CAD-CAM the scanning part, the VI part was very, very good and I would expect that we will see good results in the second and third quarter in accordance with what is traditionally unfolded in an IBS year. So I give you more specifics but it’s very hard to…
Stanley Bergman: Thank you everyone for calling in, your interest let me reiterate how excited we are Henry Schein about our future. We believe that we have an outstanding strategic plan again for the next 3 years, which builds on the success of the last few strategic plans, we are focused on advancing our distribution business from a optimization of expenses and more particularly from advancing our customers with better services, supply chain services, digital ordering platform services product offering capabilities and then second, we are excited about what's unfolding at Henry Schein One, and the other value-added services. And 3rd, we remain committed to advancing our Henry Schein brand strategy focused on the specialty areas. We still have a rather small market share so there's a lot of opportunity for us on the upside in the specialty areas too. So you take the three hybrid we have good plans, we have very good management, well positioned on the best [ph] constantly fine tuning engaged in our business day-to-day and a highly motivated team globally. So I look forward to expanding the business organically and inorganically in the quarters to come. So thank you for your interest. If you have any further questions please contact Carolynne Borders and Investor Relations at 631-390-8105 and you can call Steven as well at the same number 631-843-5915. We look forward to speaking with you again at one of our upcoming investor conferences, including the Bank of America Conference on May 15, UBS May 20, Stifel on May 29, when we next report earnings in August. So thank you very much.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thanks, John. So, Q1 was a very strong quarter, what we expect operating margins we were able to reduce and really came from operating expense reduction there were changes in gross margin, but some of the operating expense reductions that we were able to achieve in Q1, we don't expect to reoccur so while we were guiding more towards a flat operating margin in 2019 then there might be some upside to it, but right now it's still very early in the year so we are pleased with Q1, but we're not ready to say we'll be at 20 basis points for the full year 2019. There are still very good opportunities that we see, and that's why we expanded the restructuring program, because we still see opportunities to take cost out of the system, so again very good for Q1, but we're not ready yet to say that's a full-year opportunity.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So first, excluding specialties, we think we did gain market share hard to tell exactly how much maybe 50 to 100 basis points would be the estimate that I would expect, but we did see stronger sales in Specialty products and those depending on if you're looking at implants ortho for endo all of those grew somewhere between the mid-single digits and the low-double digits implants was the strongest of the level which was at the top end of that at double digits. So we're still continuing to do well on the specialty products, but there's still a lot more opportunity in Specialty as our market share is relatively small in those specialty markets.
Steven Paladino: Well, let me answer your first question first so total dental specialty product sales on a full-year basis is about $800 million and again that includes implants orthodontic products, endo products and within implants and bone regeneration products that are kind of complementary products to the implants. You know, I would say for the full-year guidance to be some why we raised the top end is because quite simply, we came in ahead of where we expected to be in Q1, we do not think we will give back that improvement in EPS. So we are effectively raising the guidance for the Q1 that we achieved.
Steven Paladino: So it did start off slow Q1 and the beginning part of Q1 but it's finished, very strong and again I always try to alert investors that we need to be careful when looking at a short period of time like a month or so, because we have seen over and over again, you know, a trend where month is exceptionally strong or exceptionally weak, but then that trend reverses in the subsequent months so the good news is Q1 finished very strong in March in particular was very strong for us and consumables, I'll turn it back to Stan.
Steven Paladino: Yes, they are very low margin in sales because the TSA agreement really effectively reimburses Henry Schein for its handling costs and that's why there is a small gross profit, but when you get down to the operating income, it's virtually no profit for us. The products vary it continues to include, for example, Henry Schein private brand sales remember on some of these products it takes time to change the registrations in the packaging and that's why we were allowing for these sales to continue because we wanted to make sure core batches had access to the products as they get the registration is complete so it's going to continue for little while now I think you said mid-2020 it could go a little bit further we're a little bit less than that, because we'll try to accommodate co-batches as they need it, because we're not really buying product just for cult we're buying it for the core Henry Schein business and if they need to tap into that from time to time. We're happy to accommodate them.
Steven Paladino: It's a good question. I'm not sure if anything really work exceptionally well beyond our plans in fact with, we are off on our plans. Yes. Of course, when you make an acquisition, sometimes the first two or three quarters a little bit better and sometimes a little bit worse, but essentially the notion that we want to provide a complete line of products for implant just an oral surgeon and implants bone regeneration generally has worked quite well, advancing sales around the implant has worked well too, in particular advancing sales of equipment and other consumables, I would like to see us finding a way to provide a greater share of the wallet of oral surgeon, love to see us so the complete blind every other surgeon we haven't whether its consumables equipment, pharmaceuticals med-surge and different technology, the same with the Ortho doctors love to see our aligner program grow its early stage right now. The SLX has gained recognition with KOLs at a very small launch at this stage low launch, we will launch our real product, which is being easier product to use to our GP customers through our U.S. sales force. And our national sales meeting in the few months I'd love to see that grow. But we are a taking that step at a time. And I would say on the endodontic side, quite happy with the level of new product introductions edge-endo [ph] which is the lower-end from the pricing point of view of endodontics is doing quite well. And just to go back on the low-end of the -- low priced and of implant side. Our recently closed acquisition and the dentist seems to be doing well, unlike to see us have a bigger position in the low-end pricing point of implants. I would say in general, we're quite happy with where we are. We've added tremendous talent in this area over the last five years. Specialists in the implant oral surgery area, we've got great expertise at the pace in bundling generation, we have terrific expertise in the whole orthodontic area and endodontic space. So overall, it's steady growth and we'd like to see more advancements of the specialty products into the Henry Schein customer base, and more of the specialty product customers buying the general products from Henry Schein consumables and equipment. So it's a steady program that we've started advancing maybe a decade ago and accelerated in the last few years, and we are quite interested in adding to that platform from an integrated point of view, and we have the capital to do that.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So we've had some expenses that we were able to reduce, but the expenses again are, we're not expecting the bulk of those expense savings to reoccur. There's a number of different categories here so tough really to isolate on one or two things. We’re going to work hard to see if we can continue some of that expense reductions going forward, but at this point, again, we don't think those expenses and they really relate to some employee-related expenses. So we really think that the likelihood of them reoccurring is probably small at this point. So hopefully that clarifies. 
Steven Paladino: It wasn't all related to that -- I would say that approximately half of that would be we beat by $0.04 maybe half of it was related to this activity of lower expenses that may not reoccur and the balance was a number of other things, but I would say roughly half about beat was related to that.
Steven Paladino: I would add is, it's probably more in Q2 and less than Q3, but again, more than that, it's hard to predict at this time.
