Steven Paladino: So, Glen, just on the second part of your question, so really Q2 was the first quarter that we recorded direct sales from the transaction. At Q1 we were recording effectively agency sales, but as we started the integration process during Q2, as we integrate sales onto our platform we record direct sales. You can see that the acquisition sales growth was 4.6% for the quarter. It will annualize. We are continuing to integrate. We would expect that the integration will continue probably through the better part of Q3. At that point we should have all or virtually all of the sales on our platform. The run rate that I would use for modeling going forward is something north of maybe $250 million but I don't have a more precise number at this time. And that will get phased in, starting with Q4 we will probably be at that rate. And that's on and all direct sales basis, assuming that there's no more agency sales at that point. And there should be some growth to that, of course, as we continue to add product assortment and we continue to drive growth to those customers.
Steven Paladino: So yes, so we feel that again, Stanley said a couple of the key points. Our backlog at the end of the quarter both domestically and internationally is up very nicely, so we feel good about that for future growth. Remember, that backlog covers primarily traditional equipment, not the high tech equipment. But that's a good indicator of the traditional equipment. Remember we are going through a little bit of transition. We added the A-dec line, so there is a learning curve. And there is that that we're focusing on in the U.S. I would say that if you look at the components in North America, I think the bright spot of the equipment was traditional equipment, was the bright spot for us. We were a little bit soft on technology, in large part because PlanScan had upgrades last year but still soft in technology despite that. But we are feeling good, like equipment is going to be a good driver for us for the second half of the year.
Steven Paladino: Well, it's really very early on. We just started, we just got access to the line, as I think you know, late in Q2. So we went through a training program with our sales force. I would say that we would expect a net improvement in overall traditional equipment sales by adding this line. But it's really too early to really try to quantify it at this point. Maybe in Q3 or certainly in Q4 we can give a little bit more color on that.
Steven Paladino: Well, I think the market is slowly improving in Europe, not quite as quickly, obviously, as the U.S. If you recall last quarter, we specifically called out three markets that saw declines in the international dental market -- Germany, Australia and the UK. And we did say at that time we don't believe they are trends; it's a little bit, as you said, that kind of funky, quirky ebbs and flows. And for the current quarter we have positive sales growth in each of those markets, so our estimate was correct that we talked about last quarter. And I think we’re expecting -- again, European markets are not doing as well, again, as the U.S. But we do think they are very slightly improving year-over-year.
Steven Paladino: So we don't think it's a change in, A, market conditions; B, any unusual or significant pricing issues in the market. As I think, in the animal health market with weather, when people or when the veterinarian is buying certain products, there are always a little bit of fluctuations there. So we are not reading anything into I agree it is a step down. We are not reading anything into the overall change. We still think the markets are healthy. We still think that we can see acceleration of the markets as the flea and tick season continues. So we are feeling like there's no major similar to what we talked about just a minute or two on dental. And I said we saw Q1, where a couple of markets in Europe were down. We didn't think it was something market related, and the consumable merchandise in those three markets were up in Q2. So hopefully that's clear.
Steven Paladino: Well, again, we would prefer not to give specific revenue guidance on that. But I think we are comfortable enough to say that we do think that we will see some degree of improvement for the second half of the year in North American animal health as adjusted for the normalized growth. But save that comment, I don't think we really want to give a specific metric on growth there. 
Steven Paladino: Well, one, I'm not sure I would characterize it as a slowdown at all. You know the way acquisitions work. They have a timeline all their own and they bunch up sometimes, and they take a little bit more time sometimes. So I would say our pipeline is as full as it's ever been. I would say that I know the market has seen some very unusual pricing, very, very high pricing in a couple of properties. But that's not indicative of the overall market. The overall market the pricing is much more stable. So I would say that, no, there is no slowdown, A. And there is no major change in pricing. 
Steven Paladino: Well, there's a lot of activity. I don't like to really predict what's going to close and when it's going to close because it's absolutely very difficult and maybe not even possible. But we haven't closed the Kruuse deal, as Stanley mentioned. We expect to close later in the current quarter. There is activity with other animal health, also dental and medical acquisitions. So as I just said, I think the acquisition pipeline is good, is strong. It's probably as strong as it's ever been. But again, it's hard really to say, okay, add X million dollars of revenue for next quarter when the timing is really not predictable.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, I'd rather not say which one is doing better or not better; they are both actually doing well. We feel that both product lines are very strong product lines. My understanding is the sales force has quickly moved and understands the product lines. Compared to what our goals are internally, we feel very good about this whole transition. But I just want to be clear. This is not a one or two quarter transition. Remember, as people, especially with the diagnostic equipment, as people replace diagnostic equipment and as leases and other things come up over a multiple year period, that's when you have an opportunity to convert customers. So only this is the second quarter out of the box, and when this initially came to light I immediately said this is not a one or two quarter process, this is a one or two-year process. So right now, in the early innings, if you will, we feel good about what we have accomplished. But there is still a lot more activity, and there is still a lot more that we need to accomplish.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, so that was just part of two comments. Right? We normalized for the shift in agency as well as the diagnostic manufacturer change, as well as the, those two items. The smaller of the two was the agency to direct sales. The impact on animal health was about 1% because of the shift in the second quarter. So the bigger impact, obviously, for the normalization was the diagnostic manufacturer change.  So we don't expect going forward, we don't expect really it's hard, really, to predict. But we don't really expect that to change that much. It will still be a small, maybe 1% or less than 1% impact to our normalized sales growth.
Stanley Bergman: So first of all, with the closing of Kruuse we will be in 33 countries now. And of course we do service, especially on the dental side, dentists throughout the world through, as I mentioned, 33 -- we are actually on the ground in distribution centers, call centers, and fuel sales people in 33 countries. I will say to you that Europe presents a good opportunity for us. We are going to be going against lower comps as the year progresses and I think we will be seeing some good growth in a couple of markets as the year progresses and I think, going into next year. So in Europe as a basket, which took a bit of a hit last year, is, I think, recovering as you saw, the German equipment numbers and the equipment numbers in general were pretty good, driven largely by Germany but not exclusively by Germany. So I think equipment appetite is good. I think there is a growing demand for digitalized dentistry both in the dentist's office, chair side dentistry, chair side digitalized prosthetics, and in the laboratory, which is not only interested in ensuring that the customers have scanners to submit the prosthetics but also, within the lab, where there is a lot of opportunity for digitalized equipment. We are seeing this quite nicely coming out of the Arseus acquisition but not only out of that acquisition, which in itself leads to block sales, where we see good margin and some unique opportunities for Henry Schein in that space. So that leaves, of course, into consumables. And I think it is fair to say that, although the markets in Europe are a little bit anemic, they are getting stronger. And Henry Schein , I think, will continue to gain market share. There is nice opportunity in Australia and New Zealand on the dental side, and I would say on the animal health side too. And let me just go back. I think our European animal health business is also in very good shape. We've got good products, great management, and some really good opportunity. And if you go around the world, I have to say that the dental business in Australia presents Australia and Brazil presents really nice opportunity as well. If you go out the longer I think we are quite optimistic about our business in Asia, although there's a lot more work to be done in establishing the platform. And we are hopeful that over time we will be able to extend our presence in Japan and China. So we are quite optimistic about our international business.
Stanley Bergman: No. I think the order book was good, traditional business, CAD CAM. And I think the halo of IDS is continuing to drive some of our CAD CAM business around the world both in terms of sensors and when I say around the world, I mean in Europe, in Germany particularly that I would say the whole of Europe, in terms of sensors and mills and related software. So I think this was more or less all the areas that usually we expect to grow, the traditional and CAD CAM. But I think we will see extra momentum during the rest of the year from the CAD CAM side.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, good question. I think the psychology in the down markets in North America specially U.S. I was going to say the US; I am referring to the whole of North America is a positive one. And I think dentists are realizing it's a good place, their practice is a good place to invest. So if you look at some of the technology out there, which helps increase the efficiency of the practice, improves on the workflow, resulting in a better experience for the customer and better productivity, you put the mindset together, the optimism that technology can bring to the practice and the ultimate efficiency and productivity, it leads to a good mindset in technology-driven products. And so, I think that's where we will see quite a bit of upside. In addition, I think dentists are feeling pretty good and should be in a position, we think, for the remainder of the year to invest in some of the traditional equipment. I think our expanded line will help us in that regard from a pure Henry Schein point of view. So I think it's less to do with a specific uptick, couple of basis points here or there, and more to do with the mindset, which is pretty good right now in dentistry. Having said that, the traffic is improving and I think from a pure Henry Schein point of view we are gaining market share as well.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, so I think we've discussed this in past calls, and let me reemphasize it because it's working. Six or seven years ago we commissioned two studies. One is the area that is likely, the part of healthcare that is likely to be moving the most rapidly, and we determined that to be the alternate site, and the physician provider, because of the anticipated healthcare reform implications, namely wellness and prevention. So we decided to focus on the physician side of healthcare. And we said to ourselves as part of that, what kind of physician providers? And we determined it's likely to be larger groups, so consolidation of practices into larger groups and, at the same time, IDN, integrated delivery networks would be expanding their presence into this large group arena. So we set up our healthcare services group, I think it's seven years ago, to focus on this part of the medical business. And we focused very deeply on it. We were not distracted with acquisitions. There were some very large properties available that service the smaller practitioner groups or some of the single practitioners and one, two, three practitioner. We focused on the large group practices and the IDNs through our healthcare services group. And that has done very well. At the same time we said to ourselves, what are the specialties that are going to be the most productive from sales point of view and more importantly from a margin point of view? And we determined which specialties we wanted to focus on. And we did that as well. If you take the two together, it's resulting in top-line growth, internal growth and of course operating margin expansion in our medical group. You put that together with our cardinal alignment, and it's an acquisition of their sales in the space. But then you add to that the procurement opportunities that we had to procure costs under their brand and to jointly advance better procurement between our two businesses, and the net result is top-line growth and margin expansion for our medical business.
Stanley Bergman: So we believe the animal health business is a good business because of demographics. The elderly, the baby boomers spending more money on their pets. So that's one. And the middle class in the rest of the world, the developing world, et cetera is growing. And that results also in pet advancements. But within there lies the demand for protein as well. So we believe that is an opportunity. Not sure if distribution of branded pharmaceuticals is necessarily the best play in that space. It may be. But there is opportunity for niche products with high margin. And so, for example, I think the Kruuse opportunity will be very, very good for us. The scil opportunity will be very, very good for us on the equipment side. And the veterinary instrumentation offering in the instruments side will be very good for us. We're adding resource in that space, expect to add more products over time, getting more margin, and have a very profitable business that will be focused on the large animal side as well. But I'm just not sure if the tonnage, lots and lots of sales in branded pharmaceutical, is the way to go and whether that's the place to put capital. And certainly not the place, in our view, to put capital at a very expensive cost to put that capital to work. But we do see opportunity in the space and we do business in a number of countries in the large animal space and dairy space and the various other areas and remain quite optimistic about that. But I think our play will be a little bit different, given our strengths in the business today and the opportunities ahead of us. Going back to the question on the diagnostics, we were of course taken by surprise in this space. But I believe that our team has come together quite quickly in putting together an excellent offering, a global offering of diagnostics. We are working very well with Abaxis and Heska. And in combination with our practice solutions business, the software business here in the United States and abroad, and our big data opportunity will, I think, have some really exciting opportunities for our customers and our suppliers going forward. So, although we were quite surprised by what happened, considering that we had what we thought was a good relationship with the supplier, we remain very, very optimistic, specifically with our Axis-Q bidirectional integrated solution that improves workflow and reduces missed patient opportunities in the practice. So, we have added good resources in that area, have really good management, good team in the diagnostics space, more to follow and remain very, very excited both in the equipment arena and with the rapid test. It's amazing how many suppliers have come to us from around the world to say, now we see an opportunity for you in the space. But our anchor, of course, in the model is Abaxis and Heska.
Stanley Bergman: Right, very good question. We have had database marketing really going back to almost 25 years ago when we launched our mail-order business. And really we have, in the markets we serve, the finest database relative to products, customer specialty, etcetera, and have done good with that opportunity, leveraged it quite nicely for the benefit of our suppliers and our customers over the last 25 years. It's a key driver in our success. We combine that data, of course, with tele sales and field sales consultants and e-commerce marketing. Having said that, about a month ago we actually launched our big data division to capitalize on the opportunity of the data we had in our practice management world but also in the Henry Schein databank, our products and related services that we sell.  So we have brought on a very senior executive to manage that for us and are very excited with that opportunity on the general medical and vet side. And it will, of course, be a division that is focused on driving stickiness with our customers. But actually we expect this to be a business that will generate profits as well to the bottom line, positioning us to capitalize on our data but also, of course, to drive growth, effective growth through ecommerce and other ways in which we sell.
Stanley Bergman: Well, I'm not sure about who is losing business or who is not because what we are seeing is a massive consolidation amongst solo practitioners going to three, four, five in the practice, the 5s to 10s, the 10s to bigger. And so, bigger business is coming from all over. And we see even further consolidation in this marketplace with fewer distributors, stronger distributors, and distributors that have the software, the intelligence, information intelligence to service these accounts. And so, I would imagine in the future as we go forward, and also in the animal health and dental space, economies of competency will drive the business and, in order to have competency specialization you need large sales basis to amortize this competency. So I think I can leave it up to your imagination where the business is coming from. But I would say we are getting it across the board.
Stanley Bergman: I would say that to take any five-year period and I would expect us to go forward in our dental, medical, or vet business, you will see the movement from direct manufacturers to distribution. And this is -- we have had one particular example in vet where it went the other way. But generally, I think the smarter manufacturers understand the value that distribution brings, of course, in the logistics. But that's not the area; it's in the value-added services. And in our particular cases, we have 4,000 field sales consultants around the world that are specialists in practice management, understand how a practice should be run, and help our customers operate a more efficient business so that they can provide better clinical care. And that drives manufacturers moving towards us, and I believe that's the case in all three businesses. 
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling. I think you can get a feel that we are quite excited about our business. Of course, we have challenges like every single business does. And, in particular, the biggest challenge we have right now is the relative exchange rate between the US dollar and the euro. And we are working very hard and expect to be successful in mitigating that conversion risk with other areas of increased profitability in the business. We are advancing our strategies in geographic expansion, market share growth, margin expansions through advancing product that present greater value to our customers, greater margin, and are managing our expenses, expecting to reap some benefits from the restructuring that we announced last year. So we remain optimistic about the business. And so thank you for calling. Again, if you have any questions you can call Steven Paladino at 631-843-5915, or Carolynne Borders at 631-843
