Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. As investors can hear, we continue to make good progress in restoring sales to pre-incident levels with specific focus on bringing back episodic customers and advancing several programs, of course, to reinforce to our customers the value and benefits Henry Schein provides to our customers.   Again, we have made steady progress in this area.  and are quite optimistic as we restore our sales on the distribution side to 3 incident levels and beyond. We are making good progress with the BOLD+1 strategic priorities, which are driving growth and further strengthening our business and value proposition.   You can see from the investor package posted on the website, that in each area of the BOLD+1, we are executing quite well. The new innovative products and software enhancements, clinical digital workflow for dental implants some good work in the endodontic and orthodontic areas should positively impact momentum as the year goes by.   These new innovations, coupled with sales growth we are seeing from our recent acquisitions, should enable us to meet both short and long-term expectations and are hopeful that we could even exceed that. So with the overview of the business and our financial results, we are ready to take questions.  Operator, we're ready if you are. Thank you. 
Stanley Bergman: So thank you, Ron. Jason, as you know, we have been investing in high-growth, high-margin businesses for the past several years. We -- last year, we had quite a bit in that direction. Not all of those have been in place for the full year. But in general, the mix towards high growth, high margin has increased. Number one.   Number two, the margins on the distribution side are doing quite well. And we did offer quite a few discount programs in the fourth quarter, a little bit in the first quarter, but not much. And generally, we're restoring margins quite nicely on the distribution side.   So mix and the fact that our distribution businesses are doing well from a margin point helped drive the margin -- the gross margin up. And as Ron said, we're quite comfortable with the fact that we're going to continue in this direction going forward. 
Stanley Bergman: It was hard to gauge exactly how much business will flip from 1 quarter to the other, Jason. Remember also our equipment people in the fourth quarter last year we're very much engaged in providing support to customers during the incident period.   And that actually took up a lot of their time. So I'm not saying we lost that business to our competition, but our equipment people are used to going into dental offices to identify opportunities and harvest those opportunities. We were on a relative pause in the fourth quarter with the hunting for new equipment.   We've restored basically the equipment backlog to where it was pre-pandemic period. We think that the market is quite good. The traditional equipment has stabilized. It's not where it was during the peak in the post COVID recovery period but it's stabilized, and it's quite good.   The whole CAD/CAM area is doing quite well. The pricing has stabilized. I don't think the discounting we saw several quarters ago is in place any longer. It's pretty stabilized. It doesn't mean that there may not be a newer unit coming out less features, lower price in the future, but I don't think that will cannibalize the business today.   Where we were a little bit surprised is digital imaging, which decreased slightly I'm not sure if that is a temporary situation. Maybe there for a couple of quarters. We've seen this in the past. I don't believe it's a permanent issue. I think digital imaging continues to grow, but we did seem to see a bit of a pause. Like, by the way, we saw a pause in CAD/CAM equipment on the milling side a few quarters ago, and that's come back.   So overall, I think it's best to be a little bit cautious and project a modest growth. Hopeful that it will be a little bit higher than that, but we're taking a more cautious approach at this time.   I don't think private practices have pulled back a lot. There's a little bit because of the interest rates. A few of the larger DSOs have paused a bit. But on the other hand, there are a lot of DSOs that are actually in the market right now and buying equipment and actually installing equipment. So it's a mixed bag over there. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It's a very good question. I'm glad you asked it, which is a lot of confusion. First of all, we do not really participate in a significant way in the Chinese market. We do have -- our Medentis business does some work in China. We have a little bit of Camlog and that business has not really been impacted, it's relatively small.   While the implant end market is experiencing selective pockets of price sensitivity, and that's mainly in the full arch implants, I think it's very important to understand that this has not directly impacted our business. As our price points is lower than other premium brands, and our customers are generally less focused on the full arch procedure.   I think that's very, very important. There are small groups of customers that are focused on price, the value offering and that we have listened to compete with now.   Our product line has generally been well priced in the premium area. I think some of our competitors have had to come down to our pricing. But overall, generally, we're very well priced in the premium area. We've been viewed as a discounter if you will of premium products and the quality of our products are very good and available at relatively favorable pricing to both private practitioners and DSOs. So I think the part of the market we participate in has not really been as impacted from our point of view as perhaps some others. Of course, the favorable launch in Germany of the [ Easy 2.0 ] implant system, qualitatively, it's good. It's a good price. It's has helped us in Germany where we have a very strong market share. And when we introduce new products, they're generally well received in Germany.   The customers understand that the value is good and the product is well tested. And we actually think that with customers being focused practitioners on price, we are well positioned to expand our market share. Continue to expand, if you will.   And we have, in the United States, this new bone level implant with a deep conical connection, has proven technology that we believe will expand our market position and our opportunity quite significantly in North America, U.S. to start with, with this addressable market that we really haven't been able to address could be as much as 40% to 50% of the market that we haven't been able to address that we will be able to address with our new product launch later this year. 
Stanley Bergman: John, let me just add 1 more comment to what Ron said and Ron provide a very good outline.  Our ability to immediately within 48 hours process claims through an alternate methodology was very well received. Having said that, it took up a lot of resources that perhaps would be focused on sales, and we're focused on ensuring that our customers were able to process the claims.  But more important, answer problems that emerged as a result of the issues with Change. I would say that a huge number of dentists are most appreciative of Henry Schein's could response. They were involved in basic operational issues in their practices, took a lot of their resources. We helped them, it took a lot of hours.  And so they were also focused on managing their cash. I think we're largely out of that, although these claims are not being processed through Change but are being processed on an alternative provider that we have a relationship with. 
Stanley Bergman: I don't think that's an issue for us. There's a lot going on, I think, with some of the other parts of distribution on the drug side. Maybe on the medicine side, with acute care settings.  I think we're still doing pretty well on winning these awards. I think we've got -- our business is largely restored from a -- I mean it's fully restored, we think, from a large customer IDN point of view.  There is some generic pricing pressure -- generic drug pricing pressure. On the other hand, that's pretty good for profits. But if you take that out of it and you take out of it, the lumpiness of the test, I think you'll see our medical business is in pretty good shape.  We are continuing to win awards, new awards, and we're not really losing any existing customers. I don't think what's being experienced in other parts of health care distribution is impacting us. We're very isolated from what others are going through.  We have a very unique service, highly appreciated and our customers were very loyal to us on the IDN and group side during the incidents. We still have some of this business where customers are looking for pricing, that's in the smaller practice, we call it episodic. And we're recovering and working on that just like we're doing on the downside.  But the infrastructure is in place for service these larger customers, the IDNs and the group practices that is highly, highly appreciated. It's not the issue at all for us. 
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, you're asking, again, another good question here. I think pricing is relatively stable. If you look at raw data and we look at that, of course, from our database, inflation is maybe 1% to 2%.  Having said that, there's also a movement towards corporate brands. And that kind of washes out a big part of that 1% to 2%. And there could be a few -- in some areas, a few even less take out the glove business, where there is definitely some pricing pressure, continues to be, I think, Ron described that a 60 basis points or so company-wide.  Dental within that range as well. I think pricing has stabilized. I think our margins are pretty stable. Manufacturers, some of the bigger ones are understanding they probably have to be more competitive and the little guys, the midsized practices are continue to do okay.  But I would say, this quarter, it's a lot more stable than a while, say, 2 or 3 quarters ago. So I think pricing has stabilized and margins have stabilized and our challenge is the recovery, these episodic customers, not the large group practices, not the midsized practices we actually, we think we're gaining.  So, we have to just continue with the episodic, those that buy through our website comparing prices. That's where we have to do. 
Stanley Bergman: So Elizabeth, I think the shift from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting for procedures continues. I don't think it was more profound this quarter than the past year or 2.  I don't think there's any shift -- significant shift in either increase or decrease in procedures in any 1 or 2 procedures, maybe there are isolated procedures, I don't know.  But in general, the major procedures are consistent, at least from our point of view, from quarter-to-quarter. And it's a growing area from our point of view, both in terms of some internal growth with existing surgery centers, ASCs and also we're gaining new accounts in that area.  So it's pretty much consistent that procedures are moving from the acute care setting to the alternate care setting and are relatively stable within a particular center. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Mark. Thanks for that question. Home Care Solutions continues to be a big area for us going forward. We continue to expect to grow organically, make some additional investments. Our business is approaching $350 million annually, $20 million a month or so. And we expect that to continue to grow nicely from an organic point of view, and we will add to that platform.  At the moment, we are moving those businesses to a common platform so we can provide a national service with high customer service. We believe that the business complements our physician business very nicely, our ASC business, and we're very, very optimistic about our Home Solutions business as well as our North American Rescue business, which provides first responder and military medical solutions, these 2 are areas that are doing quite well in our medical portfolio. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I think, it's a very good question, too. The dental markets are relatively stable. If you look at the U.S. patient dental traffic in January and February was impacted by weather and some seasonal viruses, including the flu, but improved beginning in March and again an improvement continued through the quarter into April.  I think there are seasonal issues we need to take into account, weather, but overall, the U.S. dental market is stable, maybe leaning towards some growth. I think the same would be the case globally, especially in those markets where you have government reimbursement.  So it's quite stable. It's a good market. I think one has to be very careful reading the tea leaves when it's some basis points down in 1 quarter, some basis points up in another quarter. I think the underlying stability remains.  Yes, there is a challenge with interest rates on high-cost procedures in 1 implant we spoke about $20,000, $30,000 procedures, interest rates impact that.  But basic traffic is good. And I think these are solid markets. Change that have a little bit of an impact here in the U.S., but not materially. We'll get out of that. Our customers have decent cash flow, maybe some of them had challenges of Change. We had to support them, arrange financing for them, extended some credit terms.  But overall, I would say the market is stable. And on the equipment side, we are taking a bit of a cautious approach. In that, we've talked about modest overall equipment sales. But the basic traditional equipment is stable. The whole digital world is growing.  And I think in the long run, it's a medium term, equipment is even a good area, too. So we're quite positive about dentistry and remain that way. And if you add to that, the medical business, where procedures are continuing to move from the acute care setting into the ultimate care setting. And there's no material movement in terms of reducing the number of procedures in any one particular area. I think generally, the businesses we're in are positive.  We are working on recovery of our cyber business that related primarily to these episodic customers and have made quite a bit of progress in that area, too. So we're quite optimistic about the future. 
Stanley Bergman: In the U.S., we're expanding and we're going into about half the market that we do not cover today. We're waiting for finalization of the approval. We expect that in the second half of the year.  In international, I think our value proposition is expanding with the [ Easy 2.0. Easy 1.0 ] was good, but there were a couple of features that we're missing. We've added that to it, and it's been well received already in Germany where we launched it in this quarter.  So on the one hand, we're entering into a part of the market that we really are not in, in the United States. And at the same time, we're providing better value products in Europe.  So generally, I would say it's an expansion of the product offering plus better pricing, better value in Europe. Okay. Operator, thank you very much. Thank you, everyone, for calling in. As you can tell, this year everyone is off to a solid start. We remain enthusiastic about the markets we serve, our position in the industry. The opportunities for growth and enhanced profitability lie ahead.  We're doing quite well on expanding our high growth, high margin portfolio. The portfolio of high growth, high margin is doing well. We expect to show some decent results also in the orthopedics section, where we're expanding our Henry Schein Orthopedic business.  And overall, we think our distribution businesses are in good shape, operationally fully restored. We have to deal with the episodic side of the business, which is growing, recovering nicely, but not fully back to where it was pre-incident. We're growing with our large customers in Dental and Medical. And Henry Schein One continues to provide significant value to our customers as you saw from the Change cyber recovery, where we played a key role in dentistry in general.  So, thank you for calling in. We remain most optimistic about the future. And thank you very much. 
Ronald South: Jason, I'll start and I'll let Stanley jump in if anything he wants to add on this.   I think it is largely mix. I mean we have had a little bit of a depression in the distribution businesses as we continue to come out of the cyber incident. We're happy with the growth we're seeing in value-added services. Very happy with -- while it has been a challenging end market on some of the specialty side, but some of the growth we're getting there.   So the mix on the top line is helping with that gross margin. But it is consistent with our strategy. That's why we did the acquisitions we did last year. These are higher-margin businesses. And as we said in the prepared remarks, these businesses will start contributing to growth on that gross margin.  Will it be the same for the balance of the year? A lot of that will depend on the ongoing recovery that we're seeing in the distribution businesses. But I do think that it is consistent with our expectations and with the strategic plan. 
Ronald South: Yes, John. It's not -- there's not a whole lot of fluctuation that we're expecting on FX. I think we can kind of carve that piece out, that might be a minor impact. We still expect acquisitions to have a similar contribution than what we were saying with the original guidance as well.   So it really comes back to that kind of end markets a little bit on -- more on the distribution side, whether that be cyber recovery or end markets, as you can appreciate, as we get further and further out from the cyber incident, that assumption gets a little softer in terms of which is which, right?   So we're really looking at the market as we like the progress we made during the quarter with sales -- so-called sales recovery of certain customers. We think we can maintain that momentum into the year. But there -- as we look at the different projections there, we kind of played it out and we thought 8% to 10% would ultimately get us to a more accurate revenue rating than the original 8% to 12%. 
Ronald South: Yes, John, on the Change Healthcare effect, what we did see with Henry Schein One is that we had a relatively steady revenue growth during the quarter that stagnated a bit in March. And that's -- we attribute it to what we saw with Change.  We have seen the company return to a more normal level of growth since then. So to your original question, yes, we would -- our expectations for Henry Schein One and on the technology side was that there would be better growth than that 3% plus you saw in the LCI. So we do expect that to be higher.  And as we come out of the kind of the disruption that was caused by the Change management cyber incident, we believe that we will achieve that projection.  It did -- the Change management issue was interesting in the perspective that it did create a bit of a cash crunch for some of our customers, we were able to help alleviate that through some assistance through revenue cycle management tools that we had. But we did also extend terms to some customers.  We also did seek -- they pulled back on perhaps acquiring new technology products for a period of time, and that's where we saw the stagnation in revenues in Henry Schein One.  But I do think that and quite frankly, we expected -- overall, we expected, for example, to have better operating cash flow in the quarter, but our receivable balances were still slightly more elevated than what we originally expected because of a lot of practices that we're kind of managing cash as they work their way through that disruption. But we're seeing things get back to normal with that.  So I do believe that our technology business and as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there are some new products, some new software products that will be -- that we're launching that we're introducing to customers that we think will continue to support that growth going forward. 
Ronald South: Yes. To answer the first part of your question, Jeff, yes, the spread and the impact on Dental and Medical is pretty consistent, right? It's not the 1 bearing the brunt more so than the other.  I would say it's difficult to assess kind of going forward. Like I said, the further out we get from the cyber incident to determine how much of the revenue base and how much of the market share that we're managing is attributable to cyber. That gets more and more difficult.  But we have taken a look at this and any impact on revenues that we believe we have out there is contemplated in the revenue guidance and the related impact on earnings has been contemplated when we have in the affirmation of the EPS guidance as well. 
Ronald South: Yes. Elizabeth, the SG&A, the whole kind of mix of the P&L of some of the businesses that we acquired last year are going to be a little different, right? With the higher gross margins, but then greater expenses as it might relate to R&D and other selling costs associated with some of those businesses. So that's you're seeing that show up in the consolidated P&L a little bit more. So some of the favorability we got on the gross margin side was the offset on the SG&A side.  I think in terms of cadence, it's going to be with these businesses having a greater importance in our P&L as we go forward, it could get a little lumpier, a little less predictive with the SG&A, but I would suspect that over time, it will be something fairly consistent with what we had in the first quarter as well. 
Ronald South: Yes. Justin, the -- that segment includes other value-added services businesses, some of which we have acquired in the last year. So that showed up in the acquisition growth from those value-added services businesses who did have very good quarters.  They did have very good quarters. And while they exceeded our expectations, we expect them to continue to provide -- contribute good profits going forward. 
Ronald South: We've been happy with all of them, some do better than others in the early stages. We are busy integrating our large implant acquisitions we did last year, Biotech, which has now annualized. That will show up as internal growth beginning in the second quarter. We're also integrating S.I.N, the Implant manufacturer in Brazil. That will annualize 1st of July. So the second quarter will be the last quarter that shows up as acquisition growth.  So the back half of the year, we'll be reporting those numbers as part of our internal growth with the contributions we get from those 2 businesses.  Very happy with what we're seeing on the -- in the Home Solutions business. There was an earlier question there. Do we see that as an area for growth going forward?  I think the answer is definitely yes. So we're very pleased with the -- how we've been able to capitalize with the acquisition of Shield that we did last year as well as Mini Pharmacy.  And then also on the value-added services side, this is becoming a more and more important part of our approach to our customers in terms of helping them run more profitable practices, including when they want to exit their practices and large practice sales has been a very successful acquisition for us as well.  So I think when you go down the list, and I hate to keep listening them because you don't want to leave somebody out, but they have all done, we've been very happy with these acquisitions and the returns they're providing us so far. 
Ronald South: Yes. So as we've said before in the prepared remarks, Kevin, that we do expect sales growth to be more significant in the back half of the year than what we see in the first half of the year.  And some of that is recovery from cyber. Some of that, too, is the launches of some of the new products we're anticipating on the implant side that we talked about as well in the prepared remarks, in addition to some new technology products we have that we're launching as well.  So those are all going to contribute. Our expectation is they will contribute to greater growth in the back half of the year.  And like I said before, some of this comes from ongoing recovery from cyber. We saw encouraging recovery over the course of Q1, good momentum into Q2, but there's still some work to be done there.  So we will -- but we're confident that as the year goes on. We'll be able to continue to gain some market share on the distribution side as well. So I think that from both a sales and an earnings perspective, my expectation is we'll see better growth in Q3, Q4 than what we had in Q2. 
