Steven Paladino: Yes. Jon, the variance between the end of April and beginning of May, was not really that significant on a global Dental basis. It was all within that range. Specifically with China, since the outbreak started in China, we are seeing gradual improvement there. We are seeing many dental offices that were closed a little while ago are now reopening. So we do see that occurring and that's optimistic for what could occur in the rest of the world.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. Thanks for that comment earlier. Yes, I'm not sure, it makes sense to be very specific on the percentages, because I'm not sure that they will translate into other countries or not. And it's still rather fluid. So I'd rather not give specifics. Well, Germany I think was impacted less from the beginning, for whatever reason they had less cases of COVID-19. And that's why the market in Dental held up much better than in other areas, like Italy and other places. But I'd rather not give specific numbers at this point. Because it is very fluid and it does change quite quickly.
Steven Paladino: Yes. On the cost cutting, we've done a lot. And the main reason is that, no one really knows how long the impact will be, what the duration of the impact will be, in the Dental side. And we've done it in a way where we do things like furloughs, where we can extend it if need be or cut those expense cuts to shorter term if need be. So it does allow us flexibility on the expense cuts, because no one really knows how long it will last. Some of those are just -- some of the cuts really are things that are an outcome like supplier rebates. I think people realize that we do get a certain amount of supplier rebates. One of the reasons why our gross margin was down a bit in Q1 was because the performance-based supplier rebates. At this point, we're not expecting much to be able to be earned, unless we renegotiate those performance criteria. So we took I would say the conservative, but a realistic view that very little will be earned. You could see on our cash flow the adjustment on stock-based compensation was $17.5 million for the quarter. So again, we have the flexibility. And I believe, we are the best positioned in the industry with the strongest balance sheet, the most access to liquidity. And the things that we've been doing in cost cutting to really emerge smarter and strong from whenever this pandemic ends.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Glen. Let me just tag onto the first question to Stanley. I think it's clear that consumables, the new way of doing business with consumables should accelerate the overall market. People will now be using more PPE equipment and products than prior to COVID. People will use more cleaning agents and disinfectants and things like that, so when consumables does come back, it should come back in my opinion at a higher rate, because of the new use of these products. Equipment on the other hand what we learned in the recession of 2008 and 2009 is equipment does take a little bit longer to come back, because people can delay equipment purchases. With respect to cash flow, look, it's very fluid. We're not going to give cash flow guidance for Q2, but we do expect that cash flow will be negatively impacted versus Q1 for the quarter given the sales declines. Even with the mitigation of expenses and also reducing capital expenditures and things like that cash flow will be negatively impacted, but again, we feel like we've done the right things to preserve cash and mitigate the sales downturn. And again, we have really the ability to use our credit lines and our cash on hand to mitigate any cash flow impact, but again it's too early really to give specifics on that. I'm not giving any guidance on the P&L. I don't think it makes sense to give guidance on the cash flow other than to say, we feel like we're well prepared and it will be negative compared to Q1.
Steven Paladino: Yes. And on the second part of your question with respect to Medical sales, the estimate of 20% to 30% down year-over-year in Medical sales is net. It does include some benefit for PPE products. Although, we're being conservative on that benefit since availability of products -- it's not certain on the timing of the availability, but it's all in that 20% to 30%.
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's right. And PPE, it's also difficult to answer because the definition of what is in PPE is also different something like an examination glove. We've always sold a lot of examination gloves. It's always been one of our top SKUs, but things like gallons we don't sell as much because we're not in the acute care setting. But we do sell some on the Medical side. So again definitionally what's in PPE everyone has a slightly different definition...
Steven Paladino: Yes people are paying slower. It depends on the practice. Some are paying on time. We have certain third-party financing options for people to get practice loans to be able to pay off their debt whether it's to us or other people. Customers are also eligible for the government PPP program which should help but we are seeing generally slower payments from customers.
Stanley Bergman: A very good question. Obviously it's pretty soon into the COVID history, but I think dentistry will recover. I think the question is more when. I think 2021 will be -- I wouldn't say back to where it was in 2019, but getting closer to that. I do think that on the specialty side, there will be a good solid demand for products, but maybe pricing will have to come down a bit at the dentist level; and therefore, there may be some pressure on pricing. I don't know for sure. But I think the demand will remain solid. The question is really the bridge between now and then between now and say, the middle of 2021. And I can only reflect on what happened in the '80s with respect to the HIV AIDS situation when -- and remember this was the time that probably dentists wore masks and gloves. And so going into that crisis they were not wearing gloves and masks. And then the public became aware of the concern of the infection. And dentists understood that and they understood the concern and they needed to protect themselves. It took about a year or two to bridge that. And then patients returned to practices. It was the result by the way from a business point of view that an area a product category gloves and masks which was very small for dental distributors at that time became a significant category. So I think that business will -- I'm not sure how close to normal, but will get back pretty close to where it was sometime in 2021. And at the same time, the demand for PPE will grow. Having said that I also think that there is a bit of a reduction in regulatory compliance standards today to allow product in and those standards are going to be up. So it's going to require significant quality control and regulatory compliance on the PPE side. And then there is going to be a call to action, I think for products to be made in countries where they are used. I'm not only talking about the United States but countries around the world are going to want to have certain capacity internally for PPE. This will increase the price of this product and so it's going to be an added burden to dentists. I would imagine that in certain countries where there's government support for dentistry, the reimbursement will go up. Insurance carriers in other parts of the world will have to increase the price -- the reimbursement, but I remain very, very enthusiastic about the future of dentistry. I think we have to bridge through the balance of this year and probably into the middle of next year to help the practitioners recover. As it relates to consolidation, I think there is going to be some consolidation. On the one hand, some of the DSOs do have stretched balance sheets. On the other hand midsized practices some of whom in the United States have gotten PPP funding will be in a position to expand and consolidate. So I think the shift from solo to midsize will continue and from midsize to large practices will continue, but not all midsized practices and not all large practices are actually in a good -- have the right kind of balance sheets today. So that's just some random thinking. Obviously I know more -- no more than what you do because this is all public information. And a lot of it is sort of figuring out where the market is or where the psyche is of the public, but I do think people will be going back to the dentists.
Stanley Bergman: I'm not sure that -- it's very hard to tell. There is no available information, but there are some practices that are doing more and there are some practices that are doing very little. The exact mix is very difficult John to tell at this time, but there are a lot of practices undertaking emergency services today but not all. And probably a lot of practices are doing virtually nothing. So it's very hard to get that mix right. I think the basic statistic that we gave in the call on all three of our businesses on expectations -- although very difficult to tell exactly where this is heading, but I think the basic guidelines we gave on Dental 70% to 80% down run rate; Medical 20% to 30%; Technology 30% or 40% are probably reasonable. Having said that, the Dental side may be closer to the 70% than the 80% at this moment, of course states are opening up and maybe it's going to be good. Maybe it's going to not. We don't know if there's going to be a second bout, but if there's not then we're actually ahead of these numbers. But we have to be very, very careful because we don't know if a state opens up whether there's a second round to go on the CV-19.
Stanley Bergman: That's a good question. I'm pretty sure it's available to Dentrix users. We will confirm that. I don't know if you know Steven.
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Glen. I -- also another -- a lot of good questions here today, I do think that, equipment will come back in that, a big part of our equipment growth has been coming from digital, from the digital side. And I do believe that that will continue, as practices will try to position themselves or position themselves as being competitive compared to other practices using best-of-class, products and procedures. And of course, digital dentistry is best of class and the best equipment for procedures. So I think there will be a need for that. I also think that, there will be greater pressure on ensuring that every practice has digital imaging. So I think these categories will grow. There is also -- and there are also new products out there, relating to air treatment in the practice. I'm not going to -- I'm not sure if we're actually going to classify them as large equipment or midsize, and therefore in our consumable category, but there will be a demand for these kinds of products amalgam separators, et cetera. So hard to give you a specific number sitting here in the early part of May when practices are closed, but for example in Germany, we're seeing quite a bit of interest in our equipment. And by the way our implant business in Germany is not doing terribly. So I don't know if these are early sort of exit polls, but it's -- I would say, I'm more encouraged today than I was two or three weeks ago, but this is a very volatile situation.
Stanley Bergman: So the second part of your question, I will ask Steven to respond to. The first part, product is growing in output. Output is growing in PPE product. Having said that, there are complexities with moving product around the world. Governments not one, but multiple governments are precluding exports; put restrictions in place; or put additional hurdles on paperwork, customs work, et cetera and getting our products. Production is coming up. So it's actually grown significantly a multiple of what it was before the COVID. And the issue is the actual logistics being impacted by as I noted restrictions, but also logistics. And planes out of China are much more expensive multiples of what they were a few -- six weeks ago and they're being used not only for PPE but for other products as well. At the same time, there will be expansion of product capacity in the United States on certain products. Having said that, that product is really heading to U.S. government, primarily I think for replenishment of stockpiles. We don't know for sure what they're going to do with the product, but also for use by specific states. So exactly how this is going to flow who is going to get the product. There is a certain amount of sympathy, I think within the U.S. government and in other parts of the world for the importance of alternate care sites, whether it's dentists' offices that are really playing a valiant job in keeping patients out of the ER or for that matter physician offices and alternate care sites in general. So all of this has to play out, and this will all impact I think the second and third and maybe the fourth quarter as well in terms of allocation availability. I think as we go into next year there is going to be much more capacity and availability. Having said that please remember one thing that restaurants and other places where the public is now -- are now going to be visiting once the social distancing is removed will be huge buyers of gloves --of masks and of course of gloves too. So these will not necessarily be of the type of gloves that we use and masks particularly that we use. Having said that, they are going to be competing for supply of product. So all of these factors need to go into this calculation. Bottom line, from a pure Henry Schein sales point of view, there is likely to be more opportunity as there was in the 1980s to expand the category of PPE. Having said that, there will be competition for products, especially products of the standards we are looking for. And we want to also make sure that these companies are diligently complying with the regulations that are enforced today and are likely to get more complicated in the future. Restrictions will be narrowed and there'll be more definition provided by regulatory authorities. So this is -- I've said a lot there, but these are all the various puts and takes that we're dealing with. Overall, from a pure sales point of view, I do expect the category to continue to grow.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, also a good question. I noted in my call earlier on that Henry Schein has been focused on laboratory testing, both traditional and I'm talking about in-office testing; as well as places like urgi centers, community-type health care clinics. We've been involved in that for years both the equipment the reagents and the disposable snap test. I think we're one of the biggest provider of these products in the world. We are continuing to focus on that. We have a great and knowledgeable group of people that focus on identifying products and then of course selling them. We have people both in the field and on the telephone, and of course are capable of putting up very good marketing material. So we examine all these sources that have presented to us. Some of our traditional sources, manufacturers of equipment right now are in back order with us, because a lot of the product that they are producing a lot of equipment and the fluids the reagents and the like are going to the government. And by the way, this business is primarily a U.S. business for us, a small part in Europe but primarily going to the government or directed by the government to go to certain sites, and primarily acute care sites. So, we have not had a lot of availability, but we expect that availability to increase. And we offer, as I said, a wide variety of these products and will add to the offering as time goes by.
Stanley Bergman: So I think we're -- we've gone over a little bit this time because we figured that there will be a lot more questions. And so thank you for listening to the call. I'd like to leave you with the following thought and that is that this is obviously a trying moment for business in general and particularly for health care providers. You can see it in the press, in the media, social media. We remain committed to continuing to provide outstanding customer service, driving operational efficiencies in our business. We have to provide better service unusual service shall we say because practices are operating differently to the way they were operating in the past, but we have to be mindful of our need to preserve cash so operating more efficiently than ever before. We have to conserve cash. This is a replay from this point of view of 2008 where I think -- for those investors that were around at the time I think we did a good job at preserving cash so when we got out of that crisis we were well positioned. We have maintained as Steven mentioned a strong balance sheet. We have ready access to capital for a while long term. And we believe we are positioned to weather this economic uncertainty and yes there will be opportunities that emerge from COVID-19 for Henry Schein to service the health care needs of the public through our practitioners. Our resiliency has been tested many times in the past and I am confident that the team will rise to the occasion again. We have an outstanding management team an extremely committed team in general 19,000 Team Schein Members. I believe our customers trust us. An extremely committed and I must tell you an experienced Board that have experienced all sorts of challenges along the way and have a good feel for health care in general. And so, as we end this call, I remain extremely confident in the future of Henry Schein, although we're going to have to go through some stormy waters, but the ship I believe is a solid ship manned by a great crew. So thank you for your participation. And to those investors that are with us thank you for your confidence. Thank you, operator.
