Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone and thank you for joining us. The start of 2018 has been a tremendously busy and really such an exciting time for Henry Schein and our business continues to perform well with solid sales results. We recently announced two very important transactions that refine our strategic plan to position the company for long-term growth and support the evolution of the business. We expect these actions will build shareholder value for years to come. These are two transformational transactions that we really believe will have lasting impact, positive lasting impact on the company's future. The first was the announcement on April 3 regarding Henry Schein's dental technology joint venture named Henry Schein One created to deliver integrated dental technology to help the proficient improved practice management and marketing as well as patient communication. This transaction is expected to close later this quarter and we are very excited about the added benefits we can deliver to our customers who seek to build workflow efficiency and bring patients to their practices for treatment generating growth opportunities for our business. The second important transaction we announced is an agreement to spin off Henry Schein's Animal Health businesses as a separate public company which will then merge with Vets First Choice to create Vets First Corp. This combined company will be a new global leader in animal health. This transaction brings together the power of data analytics, digital communications, practice management software and supply chain expertise into a multi-channel platform. Vets First Choice will serve as an end-to-end solution to drive improved financial and health outcomes for the over 80,000 animal health practitioners – practices, shall we say, worldwide, and will offer veterinarians new services and solutions to deliver high quality care to their patients and enhance the economics of their practices. Ultimately, we believe this will help clinicians achieve better outcomes for their pet patients, compete more effectively and improve practice efficiency. We believe the spin-off and the merger will unlock shareholder value for both Vets First Corp and Henry Schein by positioning each company for above market growth allowing for streamlined focus and enhanced capital allocation. For Vets First Corp, we expect synergies driven largely by accelerated revenues from the adoption of the Vets First Choice platform across the Henry Schein health customer base. More specifically, Henry Schein Animal Health and Vets First Choice expect synergies to grow annually. So that's in year three, synergies for the combined businesses will be in excess of $100 million in operating income. Of course for Henry Schein, this transaction will enable us to drive new opportunities for growth as we increase our focus on helping dentists, dental laboratories, and physicians operate more efficient practices, so practitioners can deliver quality clinical care and advanced wellness and prevention. We will continue to provide innovative solutions through our high touch value added solutions model for our Dental and Medical customers across the globe. The correlation between good oral care and good health care in general lends itself to the focus on both our Dental and Medical customer bases as we advance a one-Schein strategy across the entire human spectrum of health care. In line with this, we expect to deliver EPS growth for the remaining consolidated business once the transaction closes later in the year and we expect this to be in the high-single digit to low-double digit range. We are excited about the significant opportunities Henry Schein's Dental and Medical businesses will generate as we implement our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan. Building upon our long history of successful reinvention, the company will continue to expand our offering of innovative solutions for our Dental and Medical customers. Really very, very exciting times. These two transformational transactions one, helping to advance Henry Schein Dental and Medical strategy, and the other to advance our Animal Health strategy in a spin-off company that will merge with a leading solutions company to create really exciting opportunities for the Animal Health business as well. So I'll now hand the call over to Steven to review our financial results, and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. So Steven, please.
Stanley M. Bergman: So Jeff, on the market growth, I think we're still of the view that the market is stable, leaning positive with – on consumables, but that there's good traction on the specialty side. We think the implant market is growing much faster. And we are very pleased now to enter the fastest growing part of the orthodontic business, the aligner area. We have a pretty unique offering there. A combo product or a product that could be purchased just as an aligner. And the endodontic business continues – that market continues to grow also at a bit of a faster rate. So you take the consumable market basically stable, leaning positive with specialty growing and of course the equipment market, both in the U.S. in North America and Europe is growing very, very nicely as we advance digitalization into the dentists' office.
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't think this will have a material impact. I think the integration will occur in the months ahead. But, I do not believe that that will have a significant impact. We are integrating so many different equipment systems into the Henry Schein practice management electronic, medical records system. And there's – opportunities abound all over; not only with DEXIS and Danaher but also with of course Sirona, Dentsply Sirona where things are going well on the integration side. And I might add with Planmeca as well and, of course, 3shape.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So, we actually thought we did better than expectations because we had a 18% growth rate in the fourth quarter which was – it's massive. And in the call, last quarter call for the fourth quarter of 2017 did caution that that kind of expectation cannot continue maybe periodically. And we thought we moderated expectations. So I think we did quite well. On the traditional equipment, we did very well. In fact, I think, our growth was around 6%; on CAD/CAM was about 20%. But on the digital products, where we really sold a lot of digital imaging, we didn't have such a great quarter. But if you take into account the volume that we sold in the fourth quarter of last year, you will understand it. So as we usually comment whenever anybody asks about equipment, I don't think you can look at any one equipment quarter and make any conclusions. I think you have to look at an annual. At least put together a few quarters and you can project. But we are very pleased with our equipment growth in the U.S. and I believe our pipeline is looking pretty good. And we're working very well with our manufacturer community. It's a very, very exciting time for Henry Schein in the equipment field, specifically as we go back to Jeff's previous question, as we integrate our digital equipment, our CAD/CAM equipment with our practice management, electronic records system. And I believe that when we look at the opportunities that Henry Schein One will present given our merger with Internet Brands on the Dental side, the equipment market looks very, very exciting.
Stanley M. Bergman: Good question, John. Yes, I think in specialty areas we will continue to grow our own brand. In areas where we feel we can't get necessarily the full support that we need, we will continue to advance our brands. But let me assure you that Henry Schein is a national brand company and we will remain totally focused on national brands where we can obtain adequate support. Sometimes we can't get the support we need specifically in the areas of competitive, for example, DSO space, where we promote our Henry Schein brand and related control brands. But at the end of the day, we are very committed to advancing our specialty businesses throughout the world. We have a relatively small market share. These businesses, the ones we own have done very, very well for us. We have great management in the oral surgery space, the orthodontic space, the endodontic space, of course, related to prosthodontists. And we – as well, you can add that in as part of the orthodontics – as part of the oral surgery space. We are very, very excited of what we can do there, of course not only in the implants in the various sectors of the implants; the more higher priced premium brands, the mid brands, the lower price, the clone type areas we were focused on that. Bone regeneration has done very well for us. The products bought around the specialist has been very important. So, yes, we are committed to advancing our own brands in the specialty area in particular. But also where we cannot get the support we need to be competitive, we will do what we need to do. But I think the national brands will support us. These suppliers, the CEOs of these companies have provided us with confidence that we will remain competitive in every market and in all classes of trade. And so – but in the specialty area, it's an area that we will continue to invest in manufacturing and go directly to the source if need be for our own control brands. And then the private brand is an area we will compete with heavily on our own – through our own private brand if we can't gain the market support that we need.
Stanley M. Bergman: No, I think it's a positive contributor to our growth. We continue to grow our market share in Dental on the large accounts, the mid-size accounts, and, of course, the small ones. But, I think, we're working very well in that space, both on the consumable equipment side, but also on the practice management software side where I think our cloud-based system, Ascend, is very, very competitive, not only in the U.S. but globally. And so the whole space I think is a great opportunity for us to grow sales. And yes margins. We will of course continue to drive efficiencies. Part of the restructuring is to drive that. But also, I believe our own brands will help us and we are now seeing a lot more support from the manufacturers in ensuring that we remain competitive. So I'm not saying they won't do it with others, but our market position is good. We're investing in technology to help these customers. And I would say it's a real good opportunity for growth going forward. Again, both the very large accounts and the mid-size accounts and that's in – by the way of course in Dental. But it's a significant part of our growth in Medical now for years where our brand is becoming more and more associated with the ability to provide excellent supply chain and value-added services for these large group practices, for IDNs and also in the Animal Health space where we are by far the leader and continue to grow. So yes, this is all good business for us. And we of course always have to be more efficient. And at the same time, we got to make sure we add the right products and gain the right support.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Thanks for that question. First of all, I don't remember, and I've said this in the past, a year where we haven't had pricing pressure at Henry Schein. Yes, we have pricing pressure; always had. I would say little bit more with the smaller accounts. But because of course there's more transparency on pricing, dentists compare prices between each other and study clubs, et cetera. But I remain very optimistic and we are showing good results because we are getting support from manufacturers of branded products. And indeed, our private brand is extremely competitive. So we don't lose so much business over price. As it relates to the IDNs, there is, of course, a focus as professionals run, especially large IDNs, and we need to ensure that we get the appropriate support from our branded manufacturers and when that's not available, our private brand, our corporate brand which is very, very good. So I think you take that plus a growing appreciation of the value-added services we provide, and we do have unique services in that market. We didn't develop the software only for Dental, the support software. But it's software that we use in our Medical business as well. And so we have unique capabilities. And I think we're being – those capabilities are appreciated. But we're constantly under price pressure and have been for decades and we need to ensure that we become more and more efficient. Of course, years ago, we would be happy to take orders manually from a corporate account. Today, we expect that all to be received by computer. So, we've made lots of strides in the digitalization of those accounts and we will continue to increase efficiency through various forms of system improvement amongst these large accounts. And these businesses are now growing to being led on the purchasing side by supply chain people who appreciate our capabilities. But if you take all of that and you wrap it around our practice management software capabilities, we remain very, very optimistic about this marketplace and we'll continue to invest in it.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. So it was a very specific issue in one quarter. First of all the value added services are doing well but in Germany, we do not have practice management. And in Germany I would say our team focuses heavily on equipment. And so it was not focused so much on consumables. But I think in the last four, five months – so I'll say Europe has been fine; Australia, New Zealand with the value-added services. And we have now – focusing the German team more on consumables and I think that is kicking in and working quite well. So I think there's quite a bit of stability there in our European business. We're also in one particular quarter, the one where there was so much discussion on this, there was almost a perfect storm. We had this challenge in Germany because we're heavily, heavily focused in equipment in that quarter. Last year was a heavy equipment year in general in Germany. IDS fourth quarter. So – and then we had an anomaly in France. But overall I would say our international business is quite stable and the German matter that we experienced the past couple of quarters I would say is resolved, but the team is really focused on growing consumables. In addition, of course, to continuing with our terrific brand and market share in equipment.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I don't have in front of me, maybe Steven does, specifics on DI growth. But I think that's – DI continues to do well in the U.S. and globally. But I think in the U.S., clearly we're selling more complete systems. And our strategy still is, by the way, to go into dentists that are not ready to invest in a full system and explain to them the value of at least having a scanner, as it is more efficient, clinically better. It's much more pleasant for the patient. And I think we'll continue to focus on that. I don't have the specifics on the quarter per se, but the scanner – the move towards scanner is growing globally. And I think our suppliers are understanding this and they're understanding that yes, the full system can be very, very important. But there's also a market for the scanners. And this philosophy is I think a global phenomenon. So I don't – and maybe, Steven, you have specifics.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I will just answer the last part of your question and say we don't see a movement to direct sales. Our suppliers are all telling us that they wish to continue to do business with us. They're very excited about the merger between Vets First Choice and Henry Schein Animal Health. Uniformly I might add that without exception. But the demand (01:01:06), maybe Steven, you can address.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. Thank you, operator, and thank you all for your interest. Looking back at where we've come in the last year or two and where we're heading, it does takes me back really to the general philosophy of Henry Schein. I wasn't there at the founding, but over the past eight decades Henry Schein has been in a state of reinvention as we consistently challenge ourselves to, at the end of the day, better service our customers and remain extremely relevant. And, of course, we're very close to our customers, understand their needs. Bringing our customers value-added solutions and helping them thrive is the cornerstone of our success. And of course, if they thrive, they'll thrive for two reasons. One is they're running a more efficient business and at the same time, providing great quality of care. Sometimes this reinvention involves small incremental changes. And at other times, it involves significant changes to our business. The formation of Henry Schein One and the spin-off and merger of our Animal Health business both fall in the latter category. These are significant moves and will really position us very well in Dental. And in combination with Medical, because there's a growing connection between the two and we really think we're well positioned there to continue to grow. While independently, the Animal Health businesses, the Henry Schein and the Vets First Choice animal business will do very well. The connection between the two is not as relevant today as it was years ago when essentially it was – the Animal Health business was a supply chain business. But it's growing to become a service business, phenomenal installed base of practice management systems, both in North America and abroad. Vets First Choice has a solution that if you combine it with our platform is unique. Of course, data is critical and we believe we will be able to help manufacturers obtain compliance with veterinarian prescriptions issued. So you put those two together, the software and the Vets First Choice, you have a very powerful combination. And you combine that with the supply chain, either selling to the veterinarian or fulfilling on behalf of the veterinarian and you have the world's most unique supply chain, software, value-added services business. What these two transactions have in common is increasingly important. The role of technology with our customers. Our customers are in the digital era like all of us. And it's technology that is the biggest question on their mind. What technology should they use and how should they use it? And we are now ideally – we've always been positioned through our software businesses of helping, but we're now in a very, very unique position. For years, advances in technology were largely manifested in the equipment and software products we sold. But today, not only in Animal Health, but of course in Dental integrated technology is critical to practice operations. I might add in the Medical world too, including how customers attract and retain patients. How they communicate to their patients and manage their online reputation. This is all the stuff that we are focused on, both in Dental and in Animal Health and to some extent on the Medical side. It is also supporting patient compliance. Again, Dental and Animal Health which will have this enormous impact on health care outcomes. And if we can impact that, as we are sure we will, it'll be good for our business. And better outcomes validates our commitment to be a health care solutions network and powered by our people and technology. So we told you about our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan which we believe will be, in the end, as successful as the preceding three year strategic plans which have been very successful for decades. And we believe the Henry Schein intellectual capital will continue to be providing creative solutions for our customers to succeed in generating income for their practice while providing quality of care. And we believe we're well positioned to continue to add and increase shareholder value. So very, very pleased with – of course, the last strategic plan, the three years, ending in 2017, the first quarter of 2018 and the down payments we've made in executing our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan which I think will once again transform the company and advance our solutions capabilities to our customers while increasing shareholder value. So thank you for joining us today. Again, if you have any questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders at Investor Relations, 631-390-8105. 631-390-8105. And I look forward to speaking again at the end of the second quarter with our results and that will take place in August. So thank you for the interest, and look forward to a discussion in August again. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, and I'll just comment on the second part of your question, Jeff. Yes, there was a little bit of negative impact related to Heartland in Q1 but it was immaterial. It was less than 10 basis points.
Steven Paladino: Well, it's a combination. A little bit of Dentsply Sirona related, but we are working through that inventory which we should do later this year. But there was also opportunities for forward buy-ins that we took advantage of. So we still believe that the goal of reducing inventory and increasing inventory turns is achievable. We are working on it. But if there's opportunities that have a good return on investment and we have to grow the inventory a little bit from time to time, we'll also take advantage of that. Just want to back up on the first question just to add some color. Our equipment backlog also grew from the beginning of the quarter to the end of the quarter. So I think that's helpful in understanding that the pipeline is still strong on equipment.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Yeah. Elizabeth, of the $400 million, approximately $300 million was our existing business and approximately $100 million will be incremental revenue because of the joint venture with Internet Brands. And we will report the additional $100 million as acquisition revenue going forward when the deal closes. Again the deal is expected to close end of June, maybe early July, in that timeframe.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, yes. Yeah, flu was not a significant contributor at all. And we sell the bulk of our flu vaccine in Q3 and Q4. We sold less than $2 million of flu vaccine this year. It's up slightly over last year but still very insignificant as it impacts our growth. We did have strong growth across the board though in both med-surg products, diagnostic products, equipment, pharma. So really it wasn't related to flu. It was related to all of the other products that we typically sell.
Steven Paladino: Well, this latest change just started either late Q4 or at the beginning of Q1. So that won't annualize until the year end of 2018. But there were some new changes that just recently occurred that's driving it now.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I can give some color on that. So the digital impressioning scanner did grow year-over-year but the real accelerated growth did come from new CAD/CAM unit sales, complete systems. And that was really the big driver of the 20% number that Stanley quoted.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So it's so hard for us to give you exact details because even within manufacturers, there's certain product lines that we could be more or less efficient on. We don't drive the entire market, obviously. So we try to stay away from commenting on specific manufacturers on what's going on with destocking. So, I don't really have specifics, Steve, to be honest with you because we don't look at our inventory levels by that. We look at product categories rather than by manufacturer. And I really can't provide more commentary on what the manufacturers are saying. I assume it to be true, but I can't really tell you from our vantage point.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, look, the market is growing somewhere slightly north of 1% on consumables in North America. We did almost triple that, 2.5 times that. Look, it can't hurt that we are seeing some other competitors having some disruption, but we don't think that's a big part of it. We think really our growth is coming from continuing to take the approach of being that high value, high touch with a lot of value-added solutions. As you know, we did not really hire a significant amount of competitive reps, although we did hire some. So I think it's really our model. And we don't think it's coming from any one particular competitor. We think it's really coming from the overall market.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Talked about this a little bit on an earlier question. We have seen one significant manufacturer that has gone from traditional sales to agency sales. It's BI, Boehringer, that made that switch. It's something that we can't control, quite frankly. It's for the whole industry. That's the way they announced it at the beginning of this year or late last year. For us from a profitability point of view, it doesn't make a significant difference on whether it's agency or not. We do prefer non-agency because we really like to also be closer to our customer. But this is what it is, so we're happy to continue to sell them through an agency basis.
Steven Paladino: Well, first of all, it didn't happen yet. We expect it to happen probably in Q2. I would say it's indirectly related to the spin-off. I don't know if it's completely directly related, but it is somewhat related. Either way for us, we feel good about completing the purchase. We had a good relationship with the partner for many, many years. And I think we both created tremendous value. And now that that chapter is ending, we're still comfortable going forward and spinning off our Animal Health business. It'll be helpful to Vets First Corp because when you're doing integrations, it's a little bit more difficult when you have minority partners. Not that it can't be done, but it's a little bit more difficult. So I think it's helpful to the new spin co that that no longer will be a minority shareholder.
