Stanley Bergman: Good morning. Thank you, Carolynne. Thank you all for participating in today's call. Against the backdrop of the most challenging year in our history, due to the COVID pandemic, with unprecedented human toll and economic impact worldwide, we were successful in supporting practices that were initially open for emergency services and also assisting customers preparing to restore practices to increased operating capacity as restrictions eased. Henry Schein's unwavering focus on our customers, along with our resilience and agility, enabled us to deliver fourth quarter total sales growth of 18.6%, capping off record total sales for the second half of 2020, as our end markets have rebounded. Our teams are working tirelessly to execute against our plans. We recognize the commitment and sacrifice of Team Schein members globally and wish to sincerely thank the team for the continued commitment the team brings to Henry Schein each day. Dental patient traffic has remained at stable levels compared to the third quarter of 2020, even in countries experiencing more stringent lockdown rules with the exception of the U.K. To date, the overall recovery is continuing. Specifically in the United States, the latest survey data published by American Dental Association for U.S. shows that dental practices are at close to 80% of pre-COVID patient volumes. That's patient traffic. These patient volumes represent a slight increase over the past couple of months of ADA survey data, which we believe is reasonably accurate. Henry Schein's U.S. dental e-claims data also show that patients continue to return for a broad set of oral care procedures. We also believe overall patient volumes in Medical are still at relatively stable levels. In fact, we are pleased to report that for the second quarter in a row, our global medical business has achieved over $1 billion in quarterly sales. Over time, our dental and medical customers, we believe will experience patient traffic that will improve to pre-COVID-19 levels. We are pleased with our non-PPE and COVID related sales for the fourth quarter in both dental and medical in the United States and abroad, but also expect PPE and COVID-19 related sales to continue to be elevated -- to continue at the elevated levels to support standard of care followed by practitioners. So, although, we are pleased with our non-PPE sales, and we did experience significant increase in PPE and COVID related sales, we do expect that PPE and COVID related sales will continue at these elevated levels beyond this year or beyond at the end of 2020 -- into 2021 and beyond. So despite this very difficult past year, we remain optimistic about our future and our financial position is strong. We remain confident that Henry Schein is well-positioned for future continued success given the breadth of our products, services and supplier and Team Schein support across the global dental and medical markets. Today, we will review the specifics of our financial results, discuss key achievements in 2020, provide our perspective on the state of our end markets and speak to our strategic focus, while providing guidance for 2021, of course, bearing in mind that we are still in the midst of a pandemic. However, before Steven offers his remarks, I would like to clarify a point related to the impact of noncash, nonrecurring intangible asset impairment charge of $18 million -- just over $18 million that we announced today. This impairment charge was recorded within our operating expenses, impacting our operating margins by 57 basis points. It should, of course, be noted that this impairment charge reduced both GAAP EPS and non-GAAP EPS by $0.07. With that, I'll ask Steven to discuss our quarterly and full year financial performance, and then I'll provide some additional comments on the current business conditions, our markets and where we're heading. Steven, please.
Stanley Bergman: I think that is correct, Steven. We have had a relationship with Heartland for decades, ranging from supporting their software needs, practice management needs and other software applications that we provide. In addition, we do provide certain specialty products to Heartland. We have done that for a while. And we continue to expect to grow that relationship as well as, I might add, other relationships in the DSO space and in the medical world, on the IDN space. But we made decision some years back to not report every time we add a new account. I think this becomes very complex. And so the bottom line is, we do expect to continue to grow our business with large accounts in dental and medical.
Stanley Bergman: The question you're asking is key, and I think we should provide some clarity. Sometimes it's hard to do good. And the bottom line is, the analyst estimates are all over the place. So what we decided to do was to provide a floor. That's by no means guidance in the traditional sense. We're not providing ranges, as Steven noted. It's a floor, number one. Number two is, we do expect the visits to physicians and to dentists to continue to grow. We do expect, therefore, that our consumable business will grow. We'll go back to 2019 levels and grow a little bit above that, too. The same with our specialties and, of course, our software and other value-added services. We do expect Henry Schein’s programs, in general, One Schein, the way in which our sales organization relates to our customers, all of that, to continue to perform well. Having said that, we are in the midst of a pandemic. And so it's hard to provide solid guidance in the sense that we offered in 2019 before -- and before. So we decided to give a floor, which we're pretty comfortable with. Actually, we're quite optimistic about the business. And if we just had a look at 2000 -- in the first quarter, and we had to stop things now, I would say we're very optimistic. Having said that, we can't tell where this pandemic is going to hit. No one can tell. And just like a year ago, we cautioned investors about the pandemic. We're doing the same now, although we're a little bit more confident today than we were in February and March of 2020. What we're saying is we're comfortable with the bottom -- with the floor of the guidance we've given. We just can't give ranges. And yes, we believe our consumable business, our equipment business, our software business, our specialty businesses, are all poised to do well. And if the music stopped today, we think we'd have a very good 2021. But again, we can't tell where this is heading. I must say, though, that as one goes to the east and then comes west, things are getting better. Our Asia businesses are pretty much back to normal, doing quite well, Asia Pacific. Europe is okay, except for the U.K., where, hopefully, the reimbursement of dentists will encourage reimbursement for dentists to see more patients again. And in the U.S., it's pretty stable, both in dental and medical and we're hopeful that the 80% will start going back to normal to the pre -- to the 2019 levels as the year goes by. But exactly in which quarter, it's very hard to tell. All I can say is we are and we continue to be very optimistic about our business and are very pleased with the performance so far this year.
Stanley Bergman: Just to add on to what adjustments, we made a decision in April to respond to the government's request to move as we were part of the HHS, before that, the FEMA Task Force and we responded by literally emptying our warehouses and providing PPE to hospitals in hotspots. These are not our normal customers. I'm not talking about a lot of money in terms of sales, but we had to replenish this product at higher prices, including significant freight costs. We made a decision as a company to provide PPE products to our customers at a lower price as we could possibly do that. And so at the end of the day, we provided, I believe, great customer satisfaction while following through on the government's call, and I'm referring to the United States, for a request to empty our warehouses on PPE and send it to those areas, those hotspots that were the most challenged. This did have an impact on our 2020 margins for PPE and in general. But as Steven said, I think that is largely behind us, but I do believe that the history books will tell, we made the right decisions from a morality point of view, and we are a higher ambitions company and we've made the right decision from our customers' point of view, number one. Number two, on equipment. We had almost a perfect storm at the end of a 2020 in North America. This particular situation did not occur outside of North America, where we did experience good consumable, by the way and of course, equipment growth. In the United States, and I'm not referring to Canada now, but specifically relating to the United States, we do report our North America numbers, but in the United States for equipment, Dentsply Sirona World went virtual, which has been historically a terrific opportunity for us to generate business. We believe that we will generate that business largely in the first quarter and to some extent, in the third quarter. We had a key supplier of traditional equipment exit the market, and that product that was ordered by that – from that supplier through us, of course, could not be satisfied fully by the existing manufacturers who have brought their production up to speed. And we expect, again, for that to be satisfied in the second and third quarter. And then there's the whole issue of whether dentists should have purchased equipment in the fourth quarter or not, given that the incomes were largely down, being that 80% of dentists in the United States were out of practice in the – out of their practices in the second quarter, the earnings were not great. And with the expectation that tax rates will go up in 2021, there was quite a bit of deferment of purchases of equipment from the fourth quarter to the first quarter. Taking that all into account, I think we are quite optimistic about our North American equipment business, US business. Canada was a little bit different. It was good in general because these variations, these perfect storm variations, they're not applied in Canada. As to the areas of sales that we expect, I think the traditional business chairs, units, lights, as reported in prior quarters, is still an area where dentists are investing. I would say that the imaging area is an area, although pricing, as we've said in the past, has come down somewhat. And yes, the whole area of DI and chair side full milling of crowns and bridges will all be areas where we expect decent growth in 2021 and beyond. So Carolynne, do we have any – do we have more time for questions? I think we're running out of time. But we can go over a little bit since there's a lot going on.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. John, thank you. Very good question. Of course, we want to continue to grow our traditional distribution business globally. And that's dental, where we are in most of the developed world, and in some markets in developing world. The developing world is growing in that area in the oral care area. So we will expand our footprint. We will drive efficiency in that business and expect to increase our margins in general on the distribution side, both in Dental, as I noted now, internal, but also, we are expanding our medical business abroad. We did not focus on our international medical business until about a year ago, 18 months ago, because we had so much going on in the US, but we have taken our small medical business in Europe, added resources to it, and we'll be adding more resources to it in the future and expect, of course, the medical distribution business to go beyond the US and Europe, expanding in Canada, where it's very small today, and in other markets. At the same time, specialty products will be important for us in dental. We expect to continue to grow. We've done very well in implants. We've done very well in endodontics. And we have a very good foundation in orthodontics. We had a peculiar fourth quarter again, a perfect storm. We had a manufacturer exiting that market, and so we had to replace that – those products from elsewhere. And we had a move in our distribution center around the end of the year. That will all catch up. And so those are the areas we want to invest in, expanding our specialty platforms around the world. Of course, Henry Schein One is a huge opportunity for Henry Schein. We're investing in that area. We're very, very pleased to see the pickup in SaaS products, in cloud-based products. Of course, it does impact sales. But in the long run, it's a very profitable business, and we've done very well with our SaaS product. We're investing in that, too. And then when it comes to medical devices, we expect to expand in that area in specialty devices. We already are a player in orthodontic saws -- sorry, orthopedic saws and expect to increase that platform as well. So I think it's about global expansion in our core business, in our specialty businesses, adding to those platforms that we have and also in the technology areas. So we have our dental distribution, our medical distribution, our practice management technology and other value-added services platforms and, of course, our specialty products. All of these are areas where there’s great opportunity. And strategic planning, John, as you know, is not necessarily about what you can do, but what you want to prioritize on. So we have a lot of options, very excited. We have the best management team, I would say, in the company's history from a capabilities point of view of expanding these various platforms we've developed and are very excited about the future.
Stanley Bergman: There are two very good questions. Again, a lot of good questions on this call, I might add. So international, we continue to expect our international business to grow. Internal growth, of course, we will add some acquisition growth as we've done in the past. It's hard to predict a quarter. I think one has to look at a trend for several quarters. But over several quarters, I think we are quite confident that we will grow our consumable and equipment businesses outside of North America, including Canada as part of the U.S. So it's part of our North American numbers. So I think it's fair to say we expect to grow our global consumables and equipment business and, in particular, are very enthused about our international business. On the testing. So we had a shortage of, believe it or not, even with these good numbers, of test in the point-of-care quick test arena. We believe the testing is now -- there's more testing available to us. The DPAs, I wouldn't say, are being completely satisfied, but there's more product available for us than in the past. And I'm referring to COVID testing, but also other tests, flu tests, et cetera. So I think it's fair to say that the price of these tests will come down, because the larger machines that were used in the earlier stage will be replaced those tests. A large number of those tests will be replaced by snap test with a lower cost per test. Having said that, the demand for test is likely to grow, in our view, and in particular, they'll be more available for our channel, which is the office-based practitioner environment and the workplace health environment. So in general, we think with the opening up availability, the price coming down, but at the same time, the demand growing, we expect to have a good 2021 in test. Of course, there's no way we can talk about any specific numbers because we don't know exactly, but we've built in our plans a fair amount of PPE sales and of testing sales. So these are two growth areas for us. It will grow as compared to 2019. Thank you for that question. And thank you for all the questions.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, operator. Thank you all. I'm sorry we went over today, but there was a lot in this call that we wanted to cover a lot of unusual situations. Bottom line is we're quite optimistic about the future. Of course, no one can predict exactly where the virus is heading, although I think it's fair to say, we will not go into a situation again where dental practices will be closed down and physician practices and ambulatory surgical centers will be closed down. If it gets worse, the virus, I think there'll be more precautions, but I can't see a total lockdown as occurred in the second quarter. Of course, as our investors know, we powered down significantly in the second quarter and powered up very quickly in the third quarter. This did cost us a lot. It certainly probably cost us a little bit of market share, but I think we've gained that back and some more. So overall, I would say, we did the right things in 2021 from a cash preservation point of view, taking care of our team as the number one priority, and of course, in parallel ensuring that our customers service needs were taken care off, while at the same time in particular ensuring that PPE was made available to our customers at reasonable prices, of course, the prices went up significantly. But we kept prices to a large extent within the range of what it cost us, rather than passing on unusual profits that we could have gained. And I think this will pay off in the long run with trust from our customers. And in the end, I think, well, Henry Schein has come out of this COVID period as a much stronger company in terms of brand recognition and appreciation of what full service does in the dental and medical market for our customers. So with that in mind, I have to say, we're pretty optimistic about the future, although we are in this pandemic environment. Our plans will be finalized. There's a wide array of opportunities. We are operating right now under interim refresh plan for on 2021. But by the end of this year, we will firm up the key areas of focus. And I think we will, in turn, do well for our investors. We feel very comfortable. I will end with this comment. This year is our 25th year as a public company. We've had EPS compounded annual growth at a rate of 12% and stock appreciation at a rate of 12% during this period. We are a company that provides stability, and we believe that we're in good markets with a great team. Thank you very much, everyone, for participating in this call today.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Thanks for the question, Jeff. So again, I just want to make sure people understand that the guidance that we gave is the floor. We've debated, quite honestly, whether to give guidance or not this quarter. But leading up to the quarter with investor meetings, we were getting lots of questions on guidance, and we felt giving a floor was beneficial rather than giving nothing and having that total uncertainty out there. So please take it as the floor. The other point I want to make, before I directly answer your questions, Jeff, is that people seem to look at, as you are, the non-PPE core sales growth. And I think it's important to note that, if you look at North American dental consumables as an example, that growth was – I think it was 0.4%, excluding PPE products, but that's given patient traffic is down 80% – down 20% to 80%. And so that's, I think, a good number considering that. And the other thing that's important to note is that we believe that PPE and COVID-related products will continue to be strong going forward. It will represent really the new standard of care for practitioners. So I wouldn't look at those revenues as non-recurring. I would look at them as recurring. But given that, the growth in our sales, excluding PPE, to specifically answer your question, really is directly related to the continued improvement in the underlying market, having that patient traffic grow from 80% to a higher number. Given that we're not making predictions on that, it's hard really to specifically answer, but that's the correlation that we're looking for. Also, I would say that while we're not giving specific margin items, we did note at least a couple of things in the call that negatively impact margin. One is stranded costs that we did say will be $10 million to $12 million for the current year for 2021. And we – Stanley did describe our investments in G-E-P, or GEP, that's also included in that guidance. So I think as the year goes on, Jeff, we'll try to give even greater guidance, but we really felt that doing at least a floor for guidance was better than doing nothing.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So maybe I'll start and Stanley could jump in. So first, yes, we can confirm that we've won the Heartland contract. We typically don't provide don't provide details on customer activity, so that's why we didn't put out a press release, and we don't intend on putting out a press release. But in direct response to your question, we can confirm that we have won the award. There's a transition period, so we still haven't started shipping product to Heartland. It will be later in the quarter. But given, again, that we don't provide specific customer activity, I'm going to limit it to that, Stanley, unless you have any other commentary.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Let me just add one thing, Glen, on one of your questions. You asked, well, patient traffic is 80% and you're up 0.4% ex PPE, what's the reconciliation. And remember, its patient traffic that the ADA measures. It's not procedures. And we do believe that part of the reason why is that there's a higher acuity of procedures being done today than typically. So there's more tooth restorations. There's more implants. There's more, again, of the higher procedures that generally cause a higher level of consumable products. Things like trophies and general examinations as a percentage of the total procedures and these matters high. So, the type of procedure being done is helping us with that. And just to quickly add on one of your questions, we're really not assuming much market improvement in that floor guidance. Because, again, we would not know when to assume it, and there's still a lot of uncertainty on when it improves. So there is potential upside if the market improves quicker because we really don't have that in our guidance at this point.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So Jon, we haven't given specifics on the supplier rebates and the inventory adjustments, so we just don't feel it's appropriate to go there. But you're right in that a lot of that negative margin is not expected to reoccur in 2021. And supplier rebates are a little bit fuzzy now because setting targets in this environment is difficult. So we're trying to be conservative in our outlook with that, but the inventory adjustments I can't say that there'll be 0, but there'll be much more – much less than what we've seen in the last quarter or 2. So hopefully, that helps you.
