Stanley Bergman: Steven will address the second part -- the second question. So we have shared services in a number of areas already. Our distribution systems, our telesales customer service, for example, inventory management has been a shared service. But there are many other parts of our business, particularly the front end. For example, management of customer contracts, equipment service, financial services, order processing, the front end order processing. Some of it is already corporate-wide and others -- parts of it are specific related to medical and dental. These areas, I think, operating under common management to drive out costs and provide better customer service. The big area that we are preparing for is our new digital front end, our global e-commerce platform that we'll launch in the middle of next year in the U.K. and then will be rolled out throughout the company carefully. We need common management, because that system is geared towards digital interfacing with our customers, dental and medical. So to cut a long story short, our very large customers and our midsized customers are going through a lot of experiences that our medical team already undertook and went through a decade plus ago. So there's a lot of learning and these are learnings that our dental team can provide our medical team. So we've broken up our business into 2, our North American business, led by Brad Connett, who's run our medical business for decades; and Andrea Albertini, internationally, who's been with us also for about a decade and has significant experience in manufacturing as well and distribution. And they are all working very closely with David Brous, who's responsible together with René Willi for our Specialty businesses. So internally, it works very, very well to advance our strategic plan that will be unfolding in -- for 2022 to 2024.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jon, our strategy on M&A continues to be the same, namely to add products to our -- businesses to our distribution platform, parts of the world where we're not as strong as we would like to be. And at the same time, advancing our specialty areas, namely software, the specialty products area and services. And maybe multiples to increase to some extent. But there's lots of opportunity for us to create synergies and to bring new value-added services to our customer base. So we remain quite optimistic about the M&A area. Obviously, there's no deal until there's a deal. And our pipeline remains quite full. Having said that, again, we cannot commit to any particular quarter. And I think you heard from Steven's guidance that there's nothing in these numbers for M&A that is not announced.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, Steven. Jason, we are talking about traditional equipment in the United States, chairs, units, lights. All the other equipment is readily available and chairs, units and lights are available outside of the United States. So we're dealing with a particular situation where a significant manufacturer of ours exited the chairs, units and lights market. Other manufacturers have scaled up their capacity. This also happened simultaneously with an increase in demand for equipment, traditional equipment, whether it's a direct result of our gaining market share or actually practitioners and/or practitioners investing in their practice. This business will not be lost. Coincidentally, there is a delay in construction. I think this is a general economy issue. So even if we had the equipment, there would be several practices, quite a few that would not be ready to take them. So I don't think this is a need to add additional chairs, units and lights manufacturers to our mix. We're very happy with the major manufacturers that supply us with these products here. It's not an international -- or non-U.S. issue where the manufacturers in general are providing us with product. And it certainly doesn't impact products like imaging, digital equipment, et cetera. There, we're experiencing a steady flow of product. Perhaps we can't get everything we want right away, but we're not talking about significant delays. So in general, we are happy with our manufacturers of equipment. We don't have our own private brand equipment line. We do not intend to have that for the large equipment. And so we are happy that our major manufacturers will supply us with the equipment we need. On the consumable side, there is some dislocation. And there, we are moving some product around. If a manufacturer can't give us what we need, we'll move it to another manufacturer. But overall, equipment will be satisfied, and we expect, even with the increase in demand, for us to be back to normal as we're hearing -- as we've been given this information by manufacturers mid-next year. So Steven, I think we are 7 minutes over, but we went a little bit on with the prepared remarks, which I apologize to the participants. But let me just end by saying thank you very much for calling in. Thank you for spending a few more minutes with us than was scheduled. As you can tell from our prepared remarks and from the answers, we remain extremely optimistic about our business, feel there is great momentum across the board, whether it's dental, medical, our specialty businesses, our value-added services in the software arena, the various kinds of services that we sell, that we build for all of these are going well. Of course, there are always challenges. This is not an easy time. Supply chain disruption is there. There's no doubt about it. And -- but we're working through these issues. Our team is committed. There were lots questions or lots of writings about the stability of our sales force. It's as stable as it's ever been. We are slightly moving the sales force around to more specialty features, featured salespeople. But generally, we did implement a new compensation program in the U.S. for our dental program -- dental sales people, relatively well received. We did not lose people because of that. There's lots and lots -- it's been written, lots of rumors. Bottom, bottom line, we have 3,500 field sales representatives, consultants around the world, of which well over -- almost 3,000 are in the North America, the other -- the rest are -- sorry, half in North America and half internationally. We are pretty stable in this area. And I'm quite optimistic that our sales organization remains highly motivated.
Stanley Bergman: So thank you very much for participating in this call today. If you have any questions, please reach out to Steven or to Graham in Investor Relations, and I look forward to speaking to everybody when we report our fourth quarter numbers. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Okay. I'll tackle the second part of your question, John. So Q4 guidance. First, I'll note that our guidance is up, for the year, quite significantly. Remember, we gave a floor of $3.85 for the full year, and now we're at $4.27to $4.35. But specific to Q4, we wanted to consider a few things that I'll enumerate. One is North American equipment and availability of product. We have estimates for product being delayed into 2022. But there was still a little bit of volatility and uncertainty as to exactly how much product we'll get in Q4 for North America. And this is really the traditional equipment. So we're being conservative there. We also have seen a fair amount of volatility on 2 product items that we're trying to be a little bit conservative on. One is COVID test kits. You can see it's been jumping around. We had a very strong Q3. But we do expect COVID test kits to moderate -- sales to moderate a bit in Q4 as well as PPE pricing. We do expect PPE pricing to also moderate a bit in Q4. So there's some conservatism built into the Q4 numbers. I'll also note that if you compare the EPS to the EPS of last year, remember, last year, we had that tax settlement that was $0.11 per share, and that obviously was nonrecurring. And finally, I'll say because there's been some notes and thought on inflationary. Obviously, any price inflationary items are fully considered, both in our 2021 and 2022 guidance.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Jeff. So again, our guidance assumes what we believe is a reasonable estimates of inflation. To give a little bit of detail, in pre-pandemic times, pricing inflation was probably in the low single digits, 2%, maybe to 3%. Right now, pricing is coming in for 2022, and it's a bit higher than that. It's probably in the 4% to 5% range. Generally, we try to pass through pricing to the end user, to the customer. But as Stanley said in his prepared remarks, we're also working with manufacturers to see how much we can limit those price increases and do other things. With respect -- I know there were some questions earlier this -- last week, actually, on specific customers. And on that, we're not going to comment on specific terms and conditions for specific customers for competitive reasons. But again, we feel like inflation is a little bit higher, and it's not just on product costs, it's also on labor and other things. And all of that is baked into our guidance, best we can do at this time.
Steven Paladino: Sure. I would say that specific to dental, October continued to show good results, strong results. I'd be careful, though, for everyone on the line. It's very common to see a strong month and then sometimes, it changes because of ordering patterns of customers. But we definitely saw a very continued progression of the market conditions in October for the company.
Steven Paladino: Yes. The gross profit, first of all, we had a significant increase in the gross profit year-over-year and that was primarily driven by lower inventory adjustments. I would say it's a little bit of mix. And the second thing I would point to in impacting the gross margin is pricing on PPE products. PPE products continue to have pricing declines. So while -- it's not as big an impact on margins, it does impact the absolute dollars as well as the mix because it is now not contributing as much to the mix. So it's primarily mix, Jon. And we do think that these pricing issues in PPE will be behind us, certainly during Q4. They've moderated a lot in Q3, but there still seems to be a little bit more to go. And going forward, we expect -- our goal is also to continue to drive towards higher-margin businesses, those technology and specialty sales products, which carry a higher margin. And the goal is to help improve the margin with a positive mix shift.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Maybe I'll make a comment and then pass it to Stanley. So this is what we're hearing from the impacted manufacturers right now. So remember, we don't see the insides of all of the detail. But what they're telling us is it won't be fully normalized until second half of 2022. We are doing a lot of different things to see if we can bring another product and get more product to fulfill demand as quickly as possible. But maybe I'll turn it to Stanley to give a little bit more comment on that.
