Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Unfortunately, we do have competition, and there will always be competition out there. So I'm not sure whether the direct merger between the 2 companies you mentioned will impact us in any material way. Having said that, about 3 or 4 years ago, Henry Schein spent time undertaking 2 studies. One study was to review the methodology that we expect health care to be delivered in, in the future and how it would evolve. And the second was a study to determine what specialties to be focused on. We started implementing programs, strategies to support the results of those, the findings of that study. And I think we've done very well in focusing on the new entities, on the IDNs, the group practices, different kinds of ambulatory services that are now being used to deliver health care. And we're watching the acceleration of these trends. I think we've done very well with regard to capturing a lot of this business because we have very unique software services. And of course, our logistic capabilities in this regard are excellent. We expect to continue to make progress in this area. I think our results are quite clear -- 8% internal growth if you take out the flu vaccine. And I think you can expect us to continue to do well with these newer entities, as well as with the specialty areas that we've embarked on or focused on. So we remain very excited about our Medical group and are more focused on executing our plan than what our competition is doing and how they're merging. Having said that, I am sure that we will get some telephone calls from customers and others in the marketplace asking us to elaborate on how we are going to be operating, and I think we have a very good answer for the marketplace and very, very focused on executing our strategies in this area. We remain very excited, by the way, about our medical business and expect to invest heavily in that area over the years to come.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I don't think I can give you specifics on the breakdown between whether it's coming from large competitors or our small competitors. But I would say in all 3 of our global business units, we are quite agnostic as to where the business was coming from. And I would say that our solutions-based sales approach of fielding what I think is today something like 3,400 field sales consultants spread out in the U.S. in Europe, Australia, New Zealand and now in Asia, all with the same goal of helping practitioners operate a better business so that those practitioners can provide better clinical care, train those field sales consultants, giving them the tools to get the job done, ranging from consulting capabilities to software to financial services software, practice management software and other kinds of software, prosthetic solutions in the dental world rather than selling a particular hardware, coming out with solutions. I think all that, the direct mail, the telesales capabilities allowing the field sales consultants to be available for consulting rather than ordertaking, real sales consultants working with key manufacturers, suppliers to introduce new products, all those working across the board and we've invested heavily in these areas for 1.5 decade, maybe 2 decades and it's working. So I don't want to get into any specifics as to which distributor in what country, which location we’re taking business from, but I would think that in practically every one of our markets, we're gaining market share from some big competitors and some small competitors. So I don't think it's any easier or harder to get business from a small versus a large competitor. The small competitor may not have the tools but may have a deeper local community relationship. The bigger ones may have the tools but may have lost a little bit their way. So I would say from sitting here right now thinking of our 3 business units, I would say we're getting little bits of market share across the board.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glen. That's a good question, so let me bifurcate it. On the Medical side, I don't think there's any one product. I mean, you've got to take out flu, right? I think there are in fact some challenges in that market because there's a shortage of certain pharmaceutical products, namely in the anesthetic area, and that tends to be go lumpy right now because -- and I think we had a little bit of suppression of sales in that area. But overall, I would say that on the Medical side, it's not product-driven. It's more driven from a movement of market share in some of these newer entities towards Henry Schein. And I would say that our core business in the small practitioner arena is quite stable, and so the growth is coming from this investment we started making a few years ago in that area and also I would say from some of the specialty areas that I think we're gaining market share. It's just a matter of focus. But I don't think it's from the introduction of any major product offering per se. On the Animal Health, it's a little different. I think we said this on prior calls. When looking at the Animal Health area, there's a couple of things you have to take into account. First, you've got to x out the large animal side in North America in particular. I don't think it's that important in Europe, but you have to x -- because Europe, we have a little bit of that, but the mix is not as profound as in the U.S. So in the U.S. when you look at the market growth of Animal Health, please take out the large animal health component and look at us from a pure companion animal point of view. Then the second thing is you need to look into a whole agency to full value sales GAAP accounting methodology, and there was some switch this quarter between agency sales to full reflection of the value of the sale from a GAAP accounting point of view, not material but some. That was to some extent offset by the loss of a prescription diet manufacturer that moved towards going direct and not working through distribution. And then I think the big swing is the whole Trifexis addition because that is an addition of a fully booked sale versus the competition to Trifexis, which I believe is an agency-booked sale. So you take all of that out. I think the market is probably growing somewhere around 2% to 5%. It's impossible to give specific data. There are about -- we set our board meeting for Butler Schein yesterday, and there's about 5 or 6 or 7 indexes and all of them are a little bit all over the place. Having said that, I think it's fair to say the market is growing at least 2% and it's not much more than 5% on the companion animal side. So the gain is related to a lot of what I just described, plus we are gaining market share. I think the fact that our sales organization is settled, our management in the field is settled, the offering is settled, commissions are settled. We have, I believe, the best value-added service offering in the marketplace. Our 2 software systems are doing well. The morale is great. And when an organization is winning, it's winning and it leads to more success. So I would say that our Butler Schein business in the U.S. is doing extremely well in gaining market share, although it's modest market share growth. And a lot of the other things I know that need to be taken into account in evaluating the performance of the business relative to market share growth. Again, I think it's probably not the best place on this call to go through this. But for those investors that have specific questions, I'm sure Steven will take you through the details. But it's quite complex, so we set it out in our Butler Schein Board meeting yesterday, and we spent at least 45 minutes trying to figure this all out. And it is very complex. And I think there are all sorts of dialogue on the Wall Street on this area that's not quite accurate.
Stanley M. Bergman: The first thing is I want to be very, very, very careful to start a competitive dialogue through Wall Street analysts between one manufacturer and another, so -- because we have seen this in dentistry. It's a very small industry and all sorts of positions can be taken by analysts, and it's not a good thing. It's not good for the dentist and it's not good for our industry. First, let may lay the philosophical background. Henry Schein has been in the solutions business for years and years and years. Over 2 decades ago, we saw that there was an opportunity in the practice solutions in the software area. There were 800 or 900 different systems in the early 90s. Henry Schein backed one, Easy Dental, and whether it was the best software or not, I can't tell you. But what I can tell you it was the best solution and I think we brought automation to the dental office. We then did the same in the electronic record medical arena for dentists with the Windows product of Dentrix. Whether it was the very best software or not, I cannot tell you. But what I can tell you it was the best solution. And supported by Henry Schein, having helped this simplified way of viewing it but a help that’s available to practitioners and making automation of the practice easy. It's the same philosophy we have on the practice solutions area. We implemented. We outlined and installed a practice solutions -- global practice solutions enterprise about a year ago, and we've taken some of our best managers, and I covered that in the last call, and put them into this area. We are more interested in the solution than any one's particular software or any one's particular hardware. At the end of the day, we want to bring the digitalization of the impression and related prosthetic activity, whether its movement of data to a laboratory or movement of data chairside, moving of a crown or bridge, whether it's in a traditional prosthetics area or in the implant area. The total solution is what we are interested in. And that's what we have built our dental business around. So having said that, at this moment in time, there are 3 broad areas to be focused on, amongst other things. There is the scan, there is the software and there is the mill for chairside and also having applicability in the laboratory space. We are working with many manufacturers, some manufacturers in one country, some manufacturers in another country. And at the end of the day, our job is to bring the total solution. In this context, we have been working with 3M for a long time. We also work with other manufacturers in Europe, for example. But then you asked about 3M, particularly. 3M has invested in a scanner, but 3M has also invested in D4D. We about 1.5 year ago, could even be 2 years ago, started dialogue with 3M to see if we could take their scanner and integrate it with the D4D software, which will turn this integrator with a mill. And we've brought together I think what is a terrific offering at a great price point. But for the scan we think that the D4D software is quite advanced, I don't want to get into a debate if it's better for worse. It's best to ask a dentist that question or visit the greater New York meeting and make your own assessment. But we think it's a pretty good system and it may even be the best in certain regard. Certainly, the mill is very, very solid as well. And again without getting into debate through Wall Street, I think it's one of the best systems out there, if not the best for the chairside. We also offer a whole series of laboratory hardware and software, so we are focused on the solution. We will sell -- we will drive towards open technology. That is our philosophy. It's always been our philosophy. And those that want to connect to our system can connect. And those that don't want you, we believe in the end will either connect or they will have challenges because the marketplace has to dictate and not the manufacturer. So we will be open to technology and work with any manufacturer that will work with us. Our goal is to provide the best solution for the office-based practitioner for the whole prosthetics arena and, of course, tying their prosthetic solutions into our practice management software systems at a practice solution systems, in this country, Easy Dental; SOE aboard, et cetera, et cetera. Now you asked about the price of the 3M units; I don't know what it is exactly. But I think it's $10,000, $12,000. I'm not sure if the price per se is relevant. It's on the lower end relative to the quality, but when you go to the IDS show this coming year, my guess is you'll see 50 different kinds of scanning devices, maybe even more. And Henry Schein has to bring the best units to market for our customer, so that we can come up with the very best solution. And it's less about the particular device and more about the solution.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I think we are and have been committed a couple of decades now to continuing to consolidate all 3 markets: dental, medical, animal health and of course, together with value-added services, in this country and abroad. So we will continue with our strategy of acquisitions, I think we do about 20 a year, and we also will continue with our strategy of focusing resources on those areas in these markets that we think lend themselves towards internal growth. We have a very good strategic plan that we started with from January 1, 2012. And at the end of 2014, I think we know exactly what we're going to do. We've got our 3 business groups: Dental, Medical, Animal Health, as well as our practice management -- Value-Added software businesses focused on global agendas. And in that regard, I think you can expect acquisitions across the board in this country and abroad, all in pursuit of advancing the office-based practitioner business and the ambulatory business that we are focused on. I don't think we're going to stray beyond that. We may enter into dialogue and alliances with different people, but that's what we're going to focus on.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think it's sort of mixed bag, John. I don't think there's anything that's really bad other than Italy. And I don't think there's anything that's really, really good other than perhaps China. So the middle is somewhere around flat to slightly positive. So if you look at our European business, you'll see that the consumables were up by 3.4% internal growth. That definitely takes into account that we're gaining market share. Whether the market is growing by 1% or so percent, I can't tell you because the data's not available but it's not growing by 3%. And I don't think its aggregates are going backwards on the consumables side. So I think France is okay. The U.K. has challenges. We covered that before. I think we're gaining market share there. And Germany on the consumable side is okay. I think we should be more or less okay going for the balance of this year. But generally, the market on the equipment side kind of freezes until the IDS and then picks up again. That's just the way the German market works. Of course, Spain is terrible, but it's been terrible for a while, so the comparables are not that bad. There's some odd things going on in the Netherlands relative to reimbursement. I think that should be sorted out. And Australia and New Zealand, it's a funny economy. It's bifurcated. There's a part of the economy that does very well because of the commodities. In that part, we're doing well. The high-end dentists are doing quite well. And then you've got the part of the economy where people are just not keeping up because of whatever it is -- lack of employment, et cetera. And so dentists in those parts of Australia are not doing well. New Zealand is okay. And so as I'm thinking through the world, I don't see any areas that are particularly bad other than, as you pointed out, Italy and Spain. And I don't think there's any booming areas really. Canada's okay. It's been okay throughout the recession period, and so if you look at Animal Health, I think we grew internally. It's something like 6% outside of the U.S. That's definitely a growth in market share. That's definitely not the rate of growth in those markets, again the markets may be growing at 1/2 that number. So overall I think we're gaining market share. And the markets we're in are, I mean, positive territory but not hugely positive.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So of course, Henry Schein can't be a gauge because our market share is relatively small. But I do think, at least in the third quarter, from what our management is telling us, is that orthodontics and implants did not do well as a market. I’m just referring to Henry Schein, and even the endodontic to some extent. There was some kind of a malaise in that area in the third quarter. At least, that's what our management is telling us. We're not the biggest player. But in aggregate, we started to have several hundred million dollars of business. So I think we can talk with a little bit of authority, but we are by no means a big player in any of those markets. In specific countries like Germany in implants, we are a big player. And in endodontics in the U.S., we're a pretty good player. But generally, I don't think we are impacted that much by the economics in those particular sectors rather than the impact of a relatively small market share gaining market share. So we end up in the positive territory by and large, but having said that, I think the underlying market is not necessarily doing that well. At least, that was in the third quarter, and I think we're a little more optimistic in the fourth quarter from a market point of view. Sorry, we ran out of time. So thank you, all, for your questions. I think Steven's available at (631) 843-5915. I don't call the number that much anymore because you can walk into my office, and Susan at 5562. And of course, as usual, we'd be very pleased to entertain specific questions from those who are interested in our business. We remain optimistic about the business. Hopefully, now that we’ve left the U.S. elections behind us, there will be certainty and it will be perhaps a bit more economically positive environment. Sandy did have, of course, an impact on the business; not material. Our overall sales seems to be holding up, but I think on the one hand, I think patients are going to have a challenge going to see some doctors. But on the other hand, there will be more investment in equipment going forward. So we don't know the full impact. It's not going to be material to Henry Schein as a company, but there will be I think some impact on specific businesses and specific locations. So we're very excited about the company. We're executing well through our strategic plan. The morale is good, and I look forward to seeing some of the people on this call at the greater New York meeting at the end of this month. And if not, have a good balance of the year and a happy holiday season. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on capital deployment, 2 things. One is similar to recent history, our goals are continue acquisition activity. It's not necessarily focus more outside the U.S. It happens to have been more outside the U.S. because it's a, a more fragmented market; b, there are no pan-European players other than Henry Schein so there's not a lot of additional competition for assets; and c, we have a smaller market share in Europe than we do in the U.S. But our focus is not necessarily outside the U.S. We'd like to do both in and outside the U.S. So ideally, with our free cash flow in the $500 million range, we'd like to spend $200 million to $300 million on an annual basis for acquisitions, cash acquisitions. We'd also like to spend an additional $200 million to $300 million in stock buyback. And as I said in the prepared remarks, for 2012, we'll be at the high end of that range, and we'd expect to continue it on an ongoing basis as a way to return capital to shareholders.
Steven Paladino: You know we did see a little bit of inventory increases in Q3 that may continue in Q4. We just saw some good buying opportunities. It was really on a spot basis, so I can't say it's necessarily something that will continue. But we do have a sophisticated procurement model that when we see opportunities, we do buy in slightly. From an inventory risk perspective, it's virtually 0, I would say, because we're buying in a few weeks’ extra supply, so there's really not an inventory risk and because capital costs are low, it's wise from a financial perspective. But I wouldn't say there's anything that I could point to, 1 or 2 things that would drive that. It's really being opportunistic in the market.
Steven Paladino: Sure. David, there was. Remember, we did some restructuring activities, and we are getting now the benefit of the restructuring activities, so that's, I think, the driver. We're also -- given the economic times, we're also really looking to manage our expenses very tightly. We don't have any hiring freezes or things like that, but we really justify any new hire that comes on board. We really want to make sure that we're not having our expense structure get ahead of market growth and sales growth activity, so it's really a combination of the restructuring and really trying to manage expenses very tightly, so it's both activities. And we're hopeful that we'll continue that into the next year as we do think the economic climate will continue to be choppy and difficult.
Steven Paladino: Sure. It's really not on the medical side related to EMR. We have a small business there, so it's really -- it's not that. It's really driven by our dental business, as well as we included in the value-added service part of the technology our financial services business. Both of them had very strong growth. On the technology side, it's really not driven by new units. It's really driven by additional recurring revenue activities, annual technical support, claims processing, credit card processing, things like that, billing for our customers' patients. So really, we like that because it is on the recurring revenue side and it's both domestic as well as international. And you know, if you look historically, we've had very strong growth in this area for a number of quarters. And we do expect it to continue given our platform of users, where we have really the largest global platform of users in the dental, medical and animal health -- excluding medical. Medical, there’s some bigger ones. But in dental and animal health, we certainly have the largest user base.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Dental, I wouldn't say any major changes in dental, although we are trying to be cautious in our outlook in European dental, especially in some markets like Italy, which are going through some difficult times. I would say, when you look at Dental, Medical and Animal Health businesses, I think you'll see similar growth rates that we're expecting as over the last couple of quarters that we've gotten. There may be some minor upticks and downticks individually, but I think from a trend perspective, very similar to what we've seen over the last couple, few quarters.
