Ronald South: Yes, certainly. I think that we could see a little bit of pressure on gross margins on both PPE and COVID test kits versus the prior year. But I think the bigger issue there, Jeff, is just the gross profit dollars, I mean the compounded effect of the ongoing decrease in the revenues from these product categories in both 2022 and then continuing into '23 results in fewer gross profit dollars. And I think that kind of dilutive effect begins to hurt the operating margins a little more so than it makes it more difficult for us to cover it like we did in '22.
Ronald South: Yes. I mean you're in range there. I think that -- I think we have a headwind from PPE and COVID test kits combined of probably 300 to 400 basis points, right? You also have a headwind from the 53rd week that's going to be somewhere between 1 point and 1.5 points in there. We'll get a little bit of benefit from acquisitions. So that kind of leaves you with a number that could be 3% to 6%, 4% to 7% in terms of non-PPE, COVID test kit growth that we would expect in '23 versus '22.
Ronald South: Yes. I mean it's a little early at this point. I think that our guidance is supported by our budgeting process. We do obviously monitor what's happening so far in 2023. But I think that the assumptions -- the dental market last year suffered a little bit in January from Omicron. So there are some assumptions in there on Q1. But at the same time, the -- last year, like I said in the prepared remarks, we did about $500 million in revenues in PPE and COVID test kits in Q1 that won't get -- it won't be nearly that much this year, right? So Q1 is going to have -- still going to have a little bit of noise in it.
Ronald South: And Jason, with reference to your question on operating margin, yes, I do think that -- like we said, we believe operating income is growing in the high single digits, low double digits when excluding the drag from PPE and COVID test kits. And yes, that should imply kind of a pro forma operating margin expansion, as you inferred. I think it's a -- really shows that the benefits of having the kind of broad product portfolio we have of not just being a distributor but also having the specialty products, also having being in the medical business, also being in the technology business that we can we can continue to kind of offset some of these market conditions that have adversely affected us a little bit, whether it be in PPE or COVID test kits with the balance of the business.
Ronald South: The guidance does not include Dental Biotech. I think that when we put the release out of Dental biotech, we said it would be slightly dilutive to 2023 when excluding amortization expense.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Elizabeth, very good questions. We did take a dip on visits in dentistry. And it was both in the United States and Europe, and the rest of the world wasn't so bad, of course, China was in the fourth quarter. And it is down a bit. And so -- and there's been a recovery in January, quite nice recovery. It is down a bit from 2019 in the United States. Hard to get data outside of the United States. But we are not 100% back to where we were. But the dip that we experienced in the fourth quarter has mostly, if not all, recovered. And at least from what we can tell from the first 40 days or so of the year and probably hearing from our customers, we're back to where we were in about the third quarter. so correspondingly, on the medical side, there was an increase in visits. People had flu and they wanted to confirm that it wasn't COVID. So we experienced some growth in that respect in terms of flu tests. And you can see that information from the flu test manufacturers, a lot of them are providing that information. But again, we expect in January, February that the visits were relatively back to where they were before in the third quarter, say, before these -- the flu. So the businesses are relatively stable now, and we had a temporary dip in dental visits and I think, a bubble a little bit in medical. But on average, you average the amount, if you look at our internal growth, local currency is about 5% internal growth for the company. So -- and I think all things being equal, perhaps will be a little bit better in the first quarter. Hard to tell, but it's looking quite positive for the first 40 days of the year.
Stanley Bergman: But when you flow through everything, Elizabeth, I think you -- we're pretty comfortable with our budget for this year, which contemplates, at the end of the day, high single-digit to low double-digit operating income growth when excluding PPE and COVID covet. So I think if you can see through the PPE and COVID, you see the business is pretty solid, and that's actually better performance than we've had in the past. And I still think that the whole management of this PPE and COVID tests, where we put the accelerator down generated over $2 billion or so in sales and pretty good profits has paid off because our customers are understanding that they can rely on Schein during challenging times and that the products we sell are generally or compliance with regulations and very often, they were buying products during this COVID period that had regulatory issues and so -- and quality issues. So I think the strategy has played out well in terms of focus on PPE and tests. And at the same time, we garnered quite a bit, I think, of core business, and that's reflected in our expectations for '23 in terms of growth of operating income.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Let me deal with the first part. And I think it's best for Ron to respond to the guidance from a mathematics point of view. As noted, in the prepared remarks, we believe the dental market in the developed world, certainly, is quite stable. We believe that, generally, we're growing some market share. There are puts and takes here, namely the seasonal adjustment because of flu in the fourth quarter and a little bit of a rebound in -- or back to normal in the first quarter. But generally, I think the market is stable. I think specialty products are stable. You should not necessarily read anything into our specialty sales per se because we had an exceptional fourth quarter for implants and bone regeneration products in '21. But generally, I would say the consumable markets in the developed world are relatively stable. There are a few markets but down in a few markets where it's bit up. But generally, it's stable. On the equipment side, traditional equipment is okay. We haven't quite run off the backlog and it's pretty stable. The area that in the past, I was a little bit more concerned about is the imaging. I think it's relatively stable now. The prices are not going down as they did, and the units, the demand is pretty good. The area where there'll be lots of ups and downs is in the digital area. There's enormous interest in digital dentistry. I've not seen the interest this side. I think when it comes to the scanners, I think we're well beyond the first run of innovative-type buyers and into standard of use buyers. There are many new entrants into this market. There are lower priced products, for sure. And that's where the market is heading, but the demand for units is very strong. I would say that we were challenged a bit, and I think it's going to be that way for a few quarters with the new product from our leading provider of scanners. But I don't think we'll lose those orders, they'll come. On the other side, the mill market has really almost come to a halt. We're still selling mills. But dentists, they were looking at mills are now looking at 3D printing. We got a bit of a boost there in the United States. The ADA has now provided a billing code. And so dentists, they may not buy the 3D printer right away, but they're certainly looking at it. And I think that, that market is going to do well. It's a technical use maybe for the front, I'm using it later for the front teeth is not perfect yet, but this is a great opportunity for us, and we're doing well and we expect to do even better, although it's not covering the reduction in mill demand, and now I'm dealing with the dentists. On the lab side, the mills are doing quite well. And so generally, that's what's happening in the equipment business. I think it's quite a good market on the traditional. On the 3D printing, mills are a challenge, and there's a slight issue in Europe because of the IDS that occurs at the end of March. And so I think people are waiting to see what developments occur, but I don't think that's going to impact the whole year sales. So that's just maybe a slight dip and up tick. But generally, I would say dental is stable. On the medical side, we continue to see the migration from the acute care setting and myself I'm having a partial knee replacement. And I'm told I'll be out on the same day. That was not the issue -- not the situation, perhaps 1.5 years ago. So there is a migration, and we are benefiting from that.
Stanley Bergman: Just to respond quickly to the specialty products. The implants and bone regeneration products are doing very well. We're very pleased with our internal growth in that area. I think the Biotech acquisition will help. So that business continues to be strong, particularly in our core markets, which is the United States and Germany, a couple of the Germanic countries and Japan. On the endo products, we're doing well. Continue also there like an implants, bone regeneration to believe we are gaining market share. The aligners are so small, but I think we will get a boost with the Biotech acquisition. We will have certain synergies that I think will help drive more sales, but it's a very small business.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the side, on the scanners, I don't think we've seen the bottom yet in terms of mix change. I think the pricing relative to particular manufacturers may have stabilized. But there are entrants into this market that have very good products that perhaps we didn't even sell much of in the past that we're not carrying and selling. So it's more of a mix to lower-priced products rather than deflation of a particular manufacturer's existing products, although there could be some of that. As it relates to -- and by the way, I think we estimate about 20% to 25% of in the developed world have 1 of these devices, and we think that's going to be standard of care within the next couple of years. So we're very optimistic about units in that area And also these newer entrants that we're working with are doing quite well with us. As it relates to the manufacturer that has a supply chain issue, it's not a public company. I can't talk about it, but they have a new product. It's actually on the upper end that has done quite well. And that just goes to a little bit of a contradiction to what I said early on. For manufacturers that have unique technology, there is a demand for paying more, but that's not generally for the whole market. The whole market, the 75% of people that don't have a device, they're interested more in a lower-priced product that has enough features for them. But the one that some back order is on the higher end of features, and we don't expect that to resolve for 3 quarters.
Stanley Bergman: Let me deal with the backlog first. It is in North America, similar to what it was at the end of the third quarter. So I don't think much has changed. I can't give you the exact timing. A lot of that is the result of traditional equipment, but we seem to be topping up whatever we ship. And so that market seems to be quite strong in Europe. It's dipped slightly, but we think that's to some extent because of the IDS because people are holding back. But we the margin here. So it's not material. The bottom line is the backlogs are good in both North America and internationally, and the equipment is strong. As it relates to mills, I would say the mill market has significantly come down. And I'm referring to as I know, chairside mills, that's just not doing well. I'm not referring to lab mills. We are the largest provider of products to dental laboratories. And that market seems to be relatively strong. The switch to the 3D printing is not occurring 1:1 yet. What's happening is there's a lot of dentists that are saying, I need to find out more about this. And I expect that over the next couple of quarters, our team will be out there educating dentists on the opportunity for 3D printing. I suspect it will result a little bit in mills going up again because right now, it's a situation where we dentists want to understand more about what's going on. And 3D printing is going to be important, but not substitute completely for chairside milling. The market is just, I think, come to a little bit of an educational stumble. But I think the mills will come back again, but not to where they were. And 3D printing is at a relatively early stage. But I think we're doing very well in terms of growing our global market share, the sales that are out there. 3D printing will improve as various materials come to market and as the aesthetics improve. But I think the message is that digital restorations, a hot product, dentists interest in investing, our job is to make sure that we educate the dentists on the appropriate devices for their practice and then close on sales.
Stanley Bergman: Okay, everyone Thank you very much for calling in. The message I think we want to communicate, I know we want to communicate is that our core business is in good shape. We expect decent internal growth rates, local currency, of course, in 2023, we'll cover this in more in detail at our Investor Day. We expect our internal growth -- sorry, our operating income to continue to grow quite nicely, high single digits, low double digits. And bottom line is the business is in good shape in markets that are doing well. There are nuances that need to be understood. We're happy to deal with that and further detail at the Investor Day. So if anyone wants to reach out, Graham, on the Investor Relations side, he'd be happy to provide further clarity on our remarks. So thank you very much. And hopefully, we'll see everyone on the call at our Investor Day in New York City, the following week. Thank you very much.
