Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, Susan, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us on this call. We are very pleased to be reporting sales growth in local currencies in each of our 5 businesses during this third quarter of 2011. And company-wide, sales growth was nearly 12% or approximately 13% when excluding sales of seasonal influenza vaccines for both periods, important to adjust for that to understand how our core business is doing.  Third quarter results were impacted by lower sales and profits from these seasonal influenza vaccine sales. During the third quarter, we distributed 9.9 million doses of seasonal influenza vaccine versus 11.2 million doses in last year's third quarter. Now it's important to realize we have substantially sold all of our 11.6 million doses commitment for 2011 as of today -- as of this call. And as we previously announced, we reduced our commitment for influenza vaccine doses by approximately 2 million doses earlier this year. So, excluding sales of influenza vaccine from both periods, net income and diluted earnings per share did increase by double digits.  We are also introducing 2012 guidance for diluted earnings per share to be from $4.25 to $4.34 per share, which represents a growth of 8% to 10% compared to the midpoint of our 2011 EPS guidance. We would like to note that 2012 fiscal year includes 1 less week than 2011. So, I think it's important to understand the points I've just made. Steven will elaborate on these and magnify the important areas to focus on.  Overall, we're quite happy with the performance of our company. The business is doing very well in each of our business units. We are very focused. We have just completed the strategic planning process, and know exactly where we want to focus for the years 2012 to '14 so that we can continue to generate earnings in a measured and credible way and continue to show the results that we had over the past 16 years as a public company.  In a moment, I'll provide some commentary on each of our business units. But first, let Steven provide an overview of our quarterly financial results. Steven, please.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me begin my review today of the -- with the North American Dental business. Growth in sales of dental... [Technical Difficulty]
Stanley M. Bergman: So let's -- I think I covered the Medical and Animal Health business. I just want to go quickly through the International business again in case you didn't hear that, I'll abbreviate it because we want to stick more or less to call time and allow for Q&A. We had a solid quarter on the international side. Internal growth was good, complemented by the Provet acquisition -- the largest acquisition -- of the largest New Zealand and Australia Animal Health distribution company, business is doing well. In fact, we're very, very pleased overall with the distribution capability down there, the software business they have, the consulting business. Around -- about 2/3 of our international business is dental. 30% of sales come from dental equipment. And we believe that, generally, in our international businesses, patient traffic is consistent. But there are spots within the environment where I think it would be appropriate for us to point out that capital equipment purchases are a little bit more cautionary -- are being viewed a little bit more cautionary by the customers. So -- but overall, I think our international business is quite stable.  Let's just go to the technology side and the value-added services for a little bit. And I will go through this very briefly, and we'll cover more in the Q&A.  We had strong internal growth. Indeed, growth in this business has exceeded 20% for well over a year for 5 quarters. As Steven mentioned, the electronic services and the financial services businesses continue to perform very well. If you look at our financial services businesses, I think you will see that we are getting approvals for our customers. I think 90-plus percent of our customers are getting financial approval for their -- approval for their financial deals. So -- and that's helping, of course, ensure that our value to the customer from an equipment point of view is enhanced.  Technology products and value-added services help our clients, of course, deliver high quality care, operated benefit -- practice, more efficient practice. And this whole integration of technology, value-added services and our equipment offering working in conjunction with our field sales consultants is working very, very well for us.  So, let me anticipate a question and let me try to answer it as best that I can. Although there is uncertainty in the global economy, we can tell by Wall Streets' Jerry [ph] there, 1 day things are going well in Europe, and the other day things are a bit challenged. We believe that Henry Schein as a company, of course, is affected by these factors, but really to a lesser extent compared with other areas in healthcare, and certainly other industries. And we are really optimistic with our ability to increase earnings per share in 2012. Obviously, this is a challenging environment. We will, as we did in 2008, '09, manage our business very, very conservatively and make sure that we are well positioned to respond to activities that take place in the marketplace. So we want to be a little bit more cautionary than perhaps a year or so ago.  At the same time, we have a lot of confidence in our business model, particularly our market position, our management team, our future growth prospects. And it is in that context that at our mid-August Board of Directors meeting, the board authorized the repurchase of up to $200 million of shares of the company's common stock. This program, let me point out, is additive to the $100 million repurchase program announced in November of last year, and we subsequently fully executed on that.  We are active in the market during the third quarter -- we were. We bought back about $100 million of stock, as Steven mentioned. So, we feel we are well positioned in the marketplace. We've got, as I said, a good management team, good balance sheet, good positioning, good strategies. And so with that in mind, operator, we'd like to take some questions.
Stanley M. Bergman: We have taken the position that -- least let's talk about the domestic for a moment. Growth in dental consumable merchandise for us was 2.9% during the third quarter, which is, we believe, ahead of the estimates of the market growth. And we are free [ph] , we believe, it reflects solid, steady patient traffic to the dental office. So this is the ninth quarter we've had internal growth. We reported a decline in equipment sales, some of that due -- largely due to the BIOLASE switch in strategy, but some of it related to a tad of a cautionary environment that we noticed over at about a 6- or 8-week period. We don't believe it's necessarily a trend, because as Steven noted, we have seen an increase in our backlog. I think as we do our internal projections and budgets, it is important for us to be a little bit more conservative. It doesn't mean we're down on things. It doesn't mean we initially see this as a trend, but I think it is better for us to be conservative, and be more positive when we actually report results in the future than the other way around. So we are taking actions accordingly, and we're running the business in a traditionally -- in a way we've traditionally done it, which is conservative. As it relates to Europe, again, we are taking a little bit more of a cautionary position. But our business, in particular, in Germany, for example, is not 100% reflective of the cautionary position we're taking, but we are tending -- leaning to be more cautionary than optimistic. And again, I think that's the best way for us to plan, and the way we plan is also the way we'd like to relate to the streets. So we want to be transparent. We believe we are well positioned. Our offerings are good. We're really talking about at the margin here rather than the business itself.
Stanley M. Bergman: The caution is, I think, indicative of the mood in the market. Although I think what's actually happening in the dental office is a lot better than what's happening in some parts of the economy. So again, we're talking about at the margin. We're not talking about huge swings. As it relates to the fourth quarter, we always have fourth quarter promotions which are tied into a little bit into financing, although we believe we've had and have a very, very competitive financing options. In fact, I was just in e-mail contact this morning with a fellow, Keith Van [ph], that runs our Henry Schein financial services, and he shows me we are as competitive as we've always been. So the fourth quarter is generally a period when the practitioners sit with their accountants and understand the positive implications an acquisition could have on their tax planning, and potentially what a piece of good equipment can do to the practice profitability and efficiency, and the quality of the care they deliver in the following year. So, of course, our field sales consultants understand that, and of course, provide advice to the customer, so that the customer can mitigate taxes, obviously in a legal way, and at the same time, increase productivity and profitability for the next year, and we support that with good financing options. We're not going out of our way to change things. I don't think it's necessary. What is necessary is to make sure that the practitioners understand that investing in the practice is a lot more sound, and a lot more profitable than investing in the stock market. And we have, in the United States and Canada, about 1300 people taking that message out. I think that's important. The mood is there to buy, but we need to just give that little nudge to get the shipment to take place. And yes, generally, we try to take our orders received and ship them by the end of the fourth quarter, although there's bout of a week there where, from a tax point of view, it's still beneficial for the customer to receive the product and those sales going to the first quarter next year. And of course, in order to recognize a sale, the equipment has to actually be installed. So generally, product has to be ordered by the Greater New York meeting for it to be installed a little bit before that, although there is some plug-and-play product. I don't want to though play that -- that's really a fine point, and generally, we know a little bit ahead of time how we're doing. And right now, we are cautiously optimistic, but feel that we just need to be -- take that optimism and balance it to make sure that at the end of the day we deliver on the right mix of optimism and enthusiasm.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glenn. We are dealing with basis points here, and we just have to be a little cautious. I mean, we really -- there's no firm data out there. Not like in the pharmaceutical industry where we can get a readouts or in retail, you get a quick readout. If we take Europe for a moment, we need to take into account that this was in fact an IDS year, and there was a lot of new products, so I think we had to ship that, and we get some credit for that. There's still quite a bit of product in the pipeline compared to last year. So it's not that Europe is in trouble by any means. It's just -- we want to be a little bit more cautious there. And as it relates to the U.S., there's a lot of puts and takes there that are going to product mix, and we still believe, and we're hearing this from the practitioner that traffic is stable, so we have relatively stable sales. And on the equipment side, we think we're heading into a good fourth quarter, but I don't want to say that it's going to be the easiest quarter ever, and I'm just trying to balance this. I don't know what words I can say. It's not negative or not pessimistic, but this is certainly not 2007 in terms of the sales of slowing in.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think you're probably correct. I think that's -- we were talking about -- I don't think we're talking about more than 100 basis points. I mean, it's not that precise, but I think we're in positive growth territory in terms of dollar growth. In terms of units, probably flattish. It's not -- it doesn't seem like prices are an issue. It doesn't seem like there's a swing to private brand. I mean, we're still in a pretty solid market, but there are trends occurring. It's clear that the bigger practices are getting bigger at the top end, and the middle practices, there's more of them moving, unfolding from small to medium. There's a lot of trends, and this does impact the mix. So, we're dealing really at the margin right now. But overall, I think the market is stable. There are parts that are more stable than others. I think some specialty areas are challenged. I think there are challenges on the upper end of implants, for example, some of the whitening areas, some of the expensive cosmetics. But overall, I think on balance, it's a relatively stable market, it's growing a little bit in terms of dollars, and we think we're gaining market share. So that's the sense. And against for precise, it's an impressionist painting, not an architectural rendering.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. Again, I want to apologize for the technical issues we had. It's actually the first time we've had this kind of an issue in 16 years. So I appreciate your patience.  So in conclusion, we do remain optimistic about the business. I think we're trying to just be a little bit realistic in terms of foreign exchange implications of -- the euro is going up and down quite erratically. We think we're heading into a good fourth quarter in the U.S. and abroad from an equipment point of view. But again, we want to make sure that we manage towards a conservative expectation. We think that the consumable business in the U.S. is quite steady, and we see continuous market growth on our Medical business in the U.S. as well as our global Animal Health business. So I think one has to be very careful to x out the impact of flu vaccine, which is quite market in 2011 third quarter. And if one takes that out, I think it was a solid quarter and I'm quite confident that we're heading into a solid fourth quarter, but just want to make sure that we manage expectations quite carefully. So having said that all, if you have a question, please feel free to call Steven at (631) 843-5915 and Susan at the same number except the last 2 digits change to 64 -- sorry, 62.  So thank you very much, everyone, and please, again, feel free to call Steven or Susan if you have any questions. We'd be very pleased to answer those and look forward to speaking with you again at the next quarter and seeing you at different conferences, we will be at the JPMorgan conference, and there will be another good chance to see us, and I believe Steven will be at the Credit Suisse. I don't know if I'm going to be there.
Stanley M. Bergman: Steven will be at the Credit Suisse in 2 weeks. He'll be making a general presentation, will be available for one-on-ones. And likewise, I will be available at -- with Steven in San Francisco for the general presentation, the breakout session and the one-on-ones. Thank you very much, and have a good year -- new year -- holiday season.
S. Paladino: Sure. It's not equivalent to a full week because it is the holiday week, but it's probably equivalent to anywhere from 1/2 of a week to 2/3 of a week depending on the market, and that's a blended for company-wide so it's -- that would be the impact that were estimating it to have. And just while I'm speaking, I just would like to also comment that we are taking a conservative position on the exchange rates that are built into our guidance. We are using a lower conversion rate than where the current dollar to euro is. It's at about $1.36, $1.37. Since there's a lot of uncertainty as to what will happen there, we've elected to be a little bit more conservative in our guidance, so we feel that, that's the right approach, since again the uncertainty is high. So I just wanted to make that comment also.
S. Paladino: Yes. Substantially all of the negative impact was related to BIOLASE. Our equipment sales growth was relatively flat, might have been slightly up, slightly down, I don't have the precise number in front of me, but all of the negativity was related to BIOLASE. So equipment sales were flat, x BIOLASE.
S. Paladino: It's -- I think, nothing really new there -- the areas of interest for equipment continue to be the high-tech areas because of return on investment and people needing to improve their overall productivity in their office, so that continues to be the areas of interest -- the basic equipment, while it's not doing terribly, is less attractive from a growth perspective.
S. Paladino: Well, it's a little bit across-the-board, but it's probably more weighted towards basic. And remember, if we use recent history, the 2009 and 2010 period, we saw dental offices really have no major reduction in their profitability. But yet they had a very cautious tone towards buying equipment. So we don't know if that's going to reoccur or not. We hope that people have learned from that, that what's going on in the general markets is not indicative to what's going on in the dental market. But again, that's in the back of our minds that dentists did hold back on purchases in the 2009 and 2010 period. And it's possible that, that will occur to some extent, we think a lesser extent, but to some extent going forward. So that's built into our guidance also.
S. Paladino: No. There's no new M&A activities. It includes all of the completed acquisitions through the date of this call, which really the big ones this year were Provet and the veterinary software companies, and Sogim in France, but no new acquisition activity is contemplated in our guidance.
S. Paladino: No. We still feel like we can get that range of operating margin expansion. Part of it is dependent on overall sales growth, as you know. And our goal really continues to be the operating margin expansion excluding the positive or negative benefit from any acquisition that may occur in the future. But we still feel like we can get margin expansion if sales growth is more robust, we'd be on the high end of the range, and if it's less robust, on the low end of the range. So it's still something that we feel comfortable that we can achieve and we're very focused on it internally.
S. Paladino: Sure. It's really not a change in deployment of capital because we have the benefit that we feel that we can -- we have a very strong balance sheet. We feel we can do both acquisitions at similar rates to what we've historically done as well as a stock buyback. So it's not really that we're going to do more of one and less of another. We feel like we can do both. Really, we haven't assumed any significant impact other than what we have bought through the third quarter, so again, that's a little bit of conservatism built into guidance on future buybacks, because until we buy it back, we really don't assume a significant impact in our 2012 guidance. But I think the most important thing is, it's not a change in strategy related to acquisitions. We still feel like our markets are fragmented. We can continue to make good, strategic and financially-attractive acquisitions, and that's still the goal for the company to grow the business. But simultaneously, we feel like an attractive investment is to reduce our share count slightly on a year-over-year basis.
S. Paladino: I think we believe the answer is yes, that we should be able to -- given the order book growth and barring any unusual new developments that no one's anticipating. So I would say the short answer is yes, we do believe we could show growth in equipment.
S. Paladino: Sure. Specialty is still in a development stage -- dental specialties. So while we're seeing good growth in our dental specialties group and it's enhancing the overall growth of our Dental business, it's not today large enough that it moves the needle all that much. We would hope to, over a short period of time, get bigger in the specialty areas, and have it more -- a bigger contributor to growth. But right now, it's still in the development stage, and while we have a lot of good properties and assets there. Now, it's the time to look at those properties and get them to work more synergistically with each other in order to drive enhanced growth going forward. So it's still a good opportunity for us on a go-forward basis.
S. Paladino: Well, I think we still believe we can gain market share in both of those business units. In the Animal Health, somewhere at almost double digits, I think it was 9.4% this quarter. I think it may in a longer term have to come down, it just can't keep growing at -- I don't know, 2x or 3x what the market is growing for an extended period. But right now, we're feeling very optimistic with both Animal Health and Medical, and we see continued, very strong growth. We just have to be a little bit more realistic on a long-term perspective.
