Stanley Bergman: It's Larry. We, at this point in time, remain quite confident. We are quite enthusiastic about continuing to grow our market share in, really, each of the markets we are in. And when I say grow our market share, I mean through internal growth. Of course, acquisition growth will be on top of that. As far as the implant and orthodontic, endodontic, oral surgery, the basic specialty sales, those will be reflected again by geography. North American Dental and Medical is one sector today that we report on -- sorry, North American Dental is one. North American Medical is one. North American Animal Health, and then our global International provision, where in turn, we break sales down by geography, but by specialty as well. So the specialty sales will be reported in that area. Specialty sales, from our point of view, are sales of consumables, general consumables, equipment, software, which again is reported software section, and specialty dental products. We expect for all of those sections to grow when it comes to purchases by those specialists. And again, those sales will be reflected in the geographies and in the division by -- in the division in each of the geographies. So I think you can expect to see the sales reported as you have normally seen sales reported by Henry Schein, except we hope over time, to gain a boost through focusing on the specialty as we -- specialist as we are focused on the generalist over the previous decade.
Stanley Bergman: So the amendment is 2 things really. Primarily, what it did was, it reduced our commitment by 2 million doses. We felt, because of the strong supply that is expected in the market that, that was prudent, so now our goal is really to sell 2 million doses, less than what we originally expected. You know it's not a huge sales number for us. If you look at it -- 2 million doses, it's probably anywhere in the $15 million, $18 million annual sales number, so it's not a huge proportion of our sales. We really just felt again, because of the oversupply, the risk-reward ratio wasn't there and we felt it was prudent to cut back our commitment. Now that's not to say that should demand be very strong, we believe there will be access to product in the market and to be able to sell more. But right now, that's not what we're planning for, and with respect to timing, Larry, we are expecting the timing to be weighted in Q4, and that's why when we look at -- we tend not to look at Q3 and Q4 individually because of where flu could end up. But right now, we are expecting it to be more weighted towards Q4 versus last year and because of that, we would expect -- while our 6-month growth rate, you can calculate based on our guidance, we would expect the growth rate in Q3 to be lower than that average and it to be higher in Q4. Again, it's primarily because of flu sales timing. That could change but that's our latest estimate at this time.
Stanley Bergman: Glen, it's very hard to tell exactly where our internal growth is coming from. Certainly, the markets are growing past a couple of hundred basis points, but we believe we're growing at about twice the market growth rate, somewhere around that. It's really hard to give you a precise number. We think our model works very well, as we've said for years. We think our sales organizations are in good shape. We think we've added good products, although on the dental equipment side, we are no longer the exclusive distributor for BIOLASE. We do carry the product and that had a negative impact on our internal growth rate. Also, the 3D X-rays are at the top end where we have an exclusive, that market is not as buoyant. The sales of those -- that type of equipment has moved a little bit to the medium sales of view [ph], which is a less expensive unit, so that has depressed a little bit our equipment sales. Having said that, we do believe, as I've said, we're growing a couple of times faster than the market and obviously we're gaining share from others. I don't think it's any one specific sector. I don't think it's big distributors, small distributors. I think it's coming from all sectors, including a little bit of the direct channel in the specialty area. These are all incremental, there's no major shift one way or the other. I think that our strategies are working well and our team is in good shape. When I say our team, our dental, medical, and animal health teams. And so we are cautiously optimistic that the market in the U.S. all around has stabilized. As you know, the economy is not booming. But it seems to be quite stable and that is giving us a good base to get some good internal growth and at the same time, we are able to pick up market share from competitors, albeit at a small amount but a meaningful amount. So I think that's about as precise as I can get because published data, accurate data is not really available in the dental med-surg arena in the medical world and really on the animal health side.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, very hard to give precise predictions here. The order book in the U.S. seems to be reasonably solid. It's ahead of last year, precise number, I think, we don't really provide but it is ahead of last year and as even taking into account that last year we did, I believe, have more BIOLASE orders in the order book so -- and the movement I think a way from the high end of the 3D X-ray to the more medium view. So I think we can say that in the U.S., it's quite solid, similar trends in Canada, so North America overall. In Europe, obviously, there was a significant increase in orders in Germany as a result of the IDS. Having said that, our German business seems to be quite solid still on the equipment side. Very hard to gauge France right now because this is really the quiet period, so the base is a very low number at this time. I think we'll be okay in France and Italy, the U.K., it's not material but the order book is down. The U.K. economy is not doing well but again, it's not material from an equipment point of view in U.K. Our animal health business, by the way, seems to be doing very well in the U.K., and the consumable business, although the market is challenged in the U.K., seems to be quite solid. So that covers the major markets in Europe. Australia, as I think we've indicated in the past, we believe the equipment business was fueled, to a large extent, by the stimulus package and we have seen in the first 2 months, somewhat of a reduction in sales of equipment in Australia in particular. And although we don't think it's going to be quite as bad for the remainder of the year, we're not very enthusiastic about equipment growth in Australia. On balance, we think the international equipment business will continue to show growth this year and the market in Germany, by the way, even though the IDS is behind us, it still seems to be a relatively stable to growing market. So we may not see exactly this growth on the equipment side, but I think you can expect to see good growth on the equipment side in Europe, and perhaps even a little bit better in North America. But we don't believe we're going back and we don't believe we are going significantly forward.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think that the market is still probably down in terms of physician visits. That doesn't mean that they're not part of the market that are doing okay. High-end cosmetic surgery, I don't think it's back to the 2008 level. But there is good activity going on in a number of the specialties that we service, and so we have focused our resources to where the market is doing a little bit better. I think primary care in some of the community services area, the community central areas, is probably doing okay. Having said that, the expectations that we all thought was going to unfold in terms of huge government money going into these centers is not quite as much as it was expected. I think it's also fair to say that there is consolidation going on amongst physician practices and acquisition practices by hospitals. Again, I think the writings that were presented quarters ago, are a little exaggerated, but there is a movement in that area and I think that is one of the areas that Henry Schein is well-positioned to continue to gain market share. So again, similar to the statement I made on equipment, it's not going down significantly, not down, probably not much, and nor is it rising significantly. We just need to focus our resources on the part of the market that is growing, and we need to get our execution right, which I think we're doing better than most.
Stanley Bergman: John, we have always served the specialists in terms of equipment, general consumables and pharmaceuticals. And in the latter category, pharmaceuticals has probably done it better than anyone else in the dental world because our med-surge offering coupled with our former offering has been of a lot of value to the oral surgeon, and the periodontist, for example. So our focus here, and it's not a focus that's sort of been born overnight, is to find a comprehensive solution for the specialty and each of the specialty areas has a different need in terms of consumables, equipment and software. We have the most comprehensive grouping of groups of offerings. We think for the specialists, I think we have more businesses focused on the specialists than anyone else. Having said that, we are not necessarily providing the most comprehensive one-stop solution. Businesses are not fully synergized with respect to the specialists offering needs. And this is what we're going to be focused on. That coupled with the technology needs of the GP and the specialists, as we discussed early on. So it's not necessarily a significant increase in resources, although we have added quite a bit, and we outlined the management that we added. We've added quite a bit, but not a significant additional amount to go. But more a repositioning of our resources, and a refocusing of our resources on the opportunity of providing a one-stop solution in terms of consumables, services, including software for the office-based practitioner in the specialty area. And that's an area that our dental team globally, is focused on. So I think we will see incremental increase in resources, not a lot devoted, but a switching of resources from one side of the house to the other to focus more on the needs of the specialists. And that will, of course, include a greater focus on sales people that understand the needs of the specialists from a practice management point of view. So it's more a movement rather than radical additions or changes.
Stanley Bergman: Well, I think one has to be a little careful here. It's not about Specialty Products per se, it's about products which specialists buy, which include traditional equipment that we're selling today, traditional X-ray units, chairs, units, lights. The consumables that -- especially the general consumables that specialists buy and the Specialty Products, general software and specialty software. And I don't think we're in a position right now to provide specific information on how much of our general -- how much of our sales to dentists go to specialty offices, GP offices or mixed practices offices. So I think overtime, as our strategic plan unfolds, we will be in a better position to provide more concrete data.
Stanley Bergman: Versus a year ago, well, it did have a bigger benefit, I don't have that specific number, but it was probably at least a couple of pennies or so. I haven't really calculated it that way, John. But there was a bigger benefit versus a year ago that, that's fair to say.
Stanley Bergman: I think the best is really -- this is a very, very important point. You need to understand that our animal health business has grown quite rapidly in the last few years. The operating margin in the animal health business is lower than that of the dental business and that's because of the higher mix in branded pharmaceuticals. Having said that, the Return On Investment in the animal health business is very, very good. So as we expand our animal health business globally, and increase that footprint, and as that grows as a bigger mix of the future, sales total, that will have an operating margin impact but certainly will not impact overall profitability in a negative way. Of course, as we acquire additional dental businesses, it will go the opposite way, and as our medical business changes, that will also have an impact. So I think it's very, very important for investors to understand the mix of business and focus on that as investors analyze our overall GP. Our GP -- sorry, operating margin, our operating margin in the dental core business is, of course, is doing quite well as a stand-alone.
Stanley Bergman: Okay, there's a few questions there, let's hope we'd remember all of them. I don't know, Steve, a specific numeric on how much the gross margin was negatively impacted because of foreign exchange translation of international. It certainly did negatively impacted versus our expectations, because it's a lower gross margin business and it translated at higher U.S. dollars. So I don't have an exact calculation but I know it contributed to it. As far as geographic trends, I would say that we still haven't seen a rebound to overall Dental equipment sales both -- primarily in the U.S. and in Canada from prerecession days. We're seeing some momentum beginning to build there, but clearly it's at 1%, including BIOLASE, and almost 4%, excluding BIOLASE, it's not back to those levels. So that's an opportunity that we certainly believe is still available, it just hasn't shown yet. From a reporting perspective, later this year, BIOLASE annualizes out so that, that negative comparison will favorably impact gross rates. We also think you can look at Australia and New Zealand later this year. We should see a bit of a turn up because of the stimulus package in the prior year, and as it gets further away, should have less of an impact. So foreign exchange still could be an opportunity for us, although I hate to predict that because I don't think it is clearly predictable. And overall, the market's still -- we're still doing good compared to what the growth in the markets are. I think it's easy to see that each of our businesses gain market share, we believe that will continue. We do believe we're going to see second half operating margin expansion x acquisitions as I said earlier. So hopefully, that identifies some of the opportunities of the second half.
Stanley Bergman: I think you're correct. Certainly, it may be slightly easier on the implant side given the credibility that Camlog already has in a couple of markets in Europe from an implant point of view. From -- and in our point of view, the market is wide open, so we are working with practically all the manufacturers. On the orthodontic side, it's much more fractionalized than in the U.S., so that presents a good opportunity. And on the bone regeneration side, that there is some opportunity there as well. I'm not going to say it's much different to the U.S., but that there's a lot of opportunity there. So as I think aloud, I think Andreas will have challenges, because our sales organization is not necessarily geared toward selling specialty products per se, but our sales organization has very good relations with specialists in general. Sir Andreas will have -- and his team will have challenges, but we're quite comfortable that we have the right resources and that we are positioned from a product availability point of view, to instantly have all the products we need in Europe. Whereas in the United States, we had to acquire our way into a couple of these product categories.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. Thank you, everyone, for calling. I'm sorry, we went a few minutes over the allotted time. But we did want to give all those that had a question in the early part of the call a chance to ask a question. So thank you for your interest in Henry Schein. We remain extremely comfortable and enthusiastic with the future of the company. We believe the markets we're in are good markets, driven by the baby boomers, the most educated generation ever who understand the importance of preventative care, the work we're in -- that our customers in that's essentially in preventative care, and we believe that this is understood clearly. The buying power is there and we believe that more of the economic resources will continue to go towards this part of healthcare. We believe we are well-positioned to execute. We've got good strategies to execute against, and I look forward to speaking to everybody again, in about 90 days. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Steve Paladino at (631) 843-5915, or Susan Vassallo at the same number but 5562 is the last 4 digits. So thank you very much and good morning.
S. Paladino: Sure. First, for the current quarter, I would say that the -- where the exchange rate came in, was really only slightly favorable to what going into the quarter our expectations were. So it did have a little bit of tailwind for us, but not much versus our expectations. And I think you're right, assuming rates stay where they are and given this whole credit crisis, it's hard to tell which way exchange rates are going. But if they stay the way they are, there is some additional tailwinds that we'd see in the second half of the year. But as you know, we try to be conservative on those estimates and our guidance, simply because is not controllable by us, but right now that's a little bit of tailwind.
S. Paladino: Well, I think that -- look, operating margins for us as you know, is a very important metric. We still feel comfortable that we have good opportunities for us to expand operating margins. This particular quarter, the entire decline of operating margin was related to recent acquisitions, primarily Provet. So that means the remaining business x those acquisitions was flat in margins, but you have to look at also the fastest growing segment, medical and animal health, do have different margin profiles that as example, the dental business, so mix has been a factor here. And I don't want that to sound negative because even though from a margin perspective it's not showing expansion because of those factors and there's a few others. But that's the big factor. There is added profitability even though with the medical and animal health businesses, so really there's a big mix issue that we saw this quarter. We still expect margin expansion x acquisitions for the full year, maybe a little bit lower than our annual goal of at least 30 basis points for the full year. But we still expect margin expansion on the core business x acquisitions again for 2011.
S. Paladino: Yes, that's true. Let me add a little bit more color that, that's true. Remember, we've always sold the general consumables, as Stanley just said, in equipment to specialists. So that information is less relevant. But if we look at the pure specialty products, implants, orthodontics, et cetera. It's probably of our North American dental sales, somewhere today in the mid-single digits range of sale, that's just a pure specialty products, it does not include the other general products that we're selling to specialists. So it's relatively small today, John, we hope for it to be a lot bigger, and it did grow faster than the core dental business. But because of its size, it didn't drive the overall dental number by a significant amount.
S. Paladino: Yes, let me just clarify, because it sounds like it wasn't clear. But what I was saying is that the second quarter, there was no acquisition impact in the North American Animal Health business. Whereas when you look at the prior quarter, the first quarter, because of the timing of the closing, there was a week's worth of acquisition impact in the quarter. So I'm not sure the market has picked up dramatically from last quarter to this quarter, I think it's really more of executing on our strategies getting a little bit of momentum, and really taking market share. So we're really very pleased with the double-digit organic sales growth in our North American Animal Health business. And quite frankly, we all think it's an anomaly, we think we can continue to gain market share.
S. Paladino: Yes. No, it's not because of any negative unexpected -- the business is actually performing inline or slightly better than our expectations, so it's doing well. It's just it has a lower margin profile than the core business and it's just having that impact. So also with the translation benefit, it translates to higher U.S. dollars because of the translation benefit. So there's nothing unusual going on there. And again, the other part of the margin story this quarter, is we're getting our fastest growth in medical and animal health, which we like, but does have a different margin profile than dental.
S. Paladino: Okay, with respect to currency, we do have a conservative bias built into our guidance, again, because of the inability to predict with any degree of certainty which way it's going. So hopefully that will be on upside, but it is intended to be a little bit conservative. With respect to stock option expense, there was a little bit higher expense this quarter but part of that is going -- was really just accruals that were a little bit higher this quarter, we would expect it to be a little lower in Q3 in Q4, but there's nothing unusual going on in the stock option expense. Well actually, it is really long-term expense because it's a combination of stock options and performance-based restricted stock grants.
S. Paladino: Yes, I think that is fair, again, there's a conservative bias built into that cash flow statement, and for the last, I think it's 2 years, our free cash flow has exceeded net income, so I think that's a fair way of looking at it. And we're continuing to see very strong cash flow in the business overall.
S. Paladino: There's really not a general rule because it depends on where -- what entities we're buying out minority shares on, and there was at least 2 I could think of off the top of my entity that -- off the top of my head, of 2 different entities that we bought out some minority shares on. I can tell you, though, that in these transactions, there is some slight accretion to the moving up of the line, not huge but it was both transactions were expected to be slightly accretive to the EPS. So it's really a request from one line to the other.
S. Paladino: No it doesn't, because we already had a controlling interest in both of those entities, greater than 50.1%. The accounting literature does not allow for a step up in asset, so the intangibles don't get stepped up because it's already been stepped up at the time we bought the controlling interest so the intangibles don't change and the amortization doesn't change on those transactions. It would only change if we went from a noncontrolling interest to a controlling interest.
