Stanley M. Bergman: That's a good question, Glen. I think you really have to be very careful in measuring one quarter as stand-alone. I mean, last quarter, we cautioned that maybe the numbers were a little too high, this -- and it was not reflective of the markets nor of our market share gain. And I think this quarter, one has to be careful to draw conclusions from the quarter as to whether the strength -- the underlying strength of the market is reflected in the numbers. One thing is for sure, we have checked with our major manufacturers, and I think that you can do the crosschecking yourself, we continue to gain market share. And so at the same time, I would not draw a conclusion that Henry Schein is gaining market share, albeit modest market share, but we are gaining market share in the key products. I would not draw the conclusion that because Henry Schein's gaining market share and Henry Schein's internal growth was not as strong as the previous quarter, that the market is really challenged. I think that would be too narrow a view. So it would be very hard for me to predict the next quarter, but I think one has to have a much more nuanced view than to conclude that the first quarter, the market was racing ahead, and the second quarter, it's going in a completely different direction. I think the dental market is a solid market. I speak to dentists. In most parts of the country, they're feeling good. There are parts of the country where they're not feeling as good, and there are parts of the country where they're ecstatic. So we're in a solid business, and I think we have to be careful to draw conclusions from one quarter versus another and take a more long-term view.
Stanley M. Bergman: Glen, just to be sure, I don't know how many quarters any company could sustain 14%. I think that was the number of internal growth rate. So we're not counting on that. We would hope that our Animal Health people continue to gain market share, and -- but I think it's unrealistic to expect those kinds of numbers to be posted going forward on a regular basis. I think because of our unique platform that has come together, we have the widest variety of products. I think we have a great sales organization, terrific delivery, a great brand. And so I think you can expect us to continue to gain market share at this point. The globalization of our business there has huge opportunity. But, I think, to expect 14% growth in any one quarter going forward on a regular basis, I think, is certainly something we can't count on.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, first of all, Steven is going to give you the categories, but let me just give you 2 macro points. The first is that I think we've pointed out that the -- in our first quarter call, that the first quarter sales were a little bit depressed because some of the backlog got shipped, some of that in the U.S. in the -- or were going to be shipped in the second quarter. That took place. So on the one side, I think the second quarter -- the first quarter was a little depressed, and the second quarter, I think, is a bit more on the positive side than one would expect to continue. On the flipside, you have Europe where we had tremendous growth in our #1 equipment market, #1 by far, Germany because of the IDS and now, we had very good growth, we think, in terms of market share in Germany. But it's on the heels of these comparables. So again, I think one must be very, very careful in drawing conclusions from one quarter to another. And so Steven will give you the exact categories where we've done well, and I'd be very careful to conclude that because we've done well in one quarter, it's a trend. But I think Steven will give you a trend line thinking as well. And we remain, by the way, quite positive about our dental business. We think we have a very good offering on both sides of the Atlantic and have further realigned that offering recently. But why don't you, Steven, talk about...
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Bob, I think what is very, very, very important here is that we don't use these investor calls to put one supplier against another. We have to be very careful. So let me talk about CAD/CAM. The CAD/CAM market, globally, has good opportunity. And the market, I think, will grow nicely. I think as dentists understand the importance of this product, there will be more opportunity. Henry Schein was precluded from the CAD/CAM market in the U.S. for about 2 decades. So we didn't have the product to sell. So we are now selling this product and perhaps our own customers did not buy the CAD/CAM product until they saw Henry Schein had an offering. We started offering the product, and I'm not sure if it's market share that we've taken from another manufacturer or not, what I can tell you is that for us, we are growing, and we'll continue to grow. We saw exactly the same in the sensor market. Henry Schein, for a long time, didn't have a good sensor. And when we had a good sensor and made it available to our customers, in collaboration with Danaher, the DEXIS sensor, we have done well. And I don't want to talk about whether we're #1 or #2 because depending on how you define it, we are #1 or #2. Is it units, is it sales, is it a quarter? The bottom line is, I think we have grown from virtually nothing in the sensor business to a significant player in the United States, albeit with the support, and terrific support of Danaher, and I think we will do the same in the CAD/CAM space. This is no different to the chair story, where we didn't have a chair many years ago. And we partnered with Pelton & Crane to bring the Pelton & Crane chair to market. That business was subsequently bought by Danaher. And today, we are a significant player in the chair business, chairs, units and lights. So I don't know if it's coming from somebody else or if the market's growing. To put one manufacturer against another doesn't make sense. What I can tell you is we do very well with CAD/CAM in Europe. In Germany, in particular, I think we're, by far, the biggest player. And we have a different product in Germany to the one we have in the U.S. And what's important is the service behind it, and the value that we, as a distributor, can bring to our customers. The product is important. I think we have a very good product here. We have a good product in Europe as well. The most important thing is how does that product fit into the practice and what can we do to help the practitioner run a better business so they can provide better clinical care. And I think we do that part better than anyone else. As it relates to the medical marketplace, well, I think I've covered it in my remarks. Four or 5 years ago, we undertook a study to determine what specialties would be important from a product purchase point of view and from a value-added service point of view in terms of selling services to the customer. We also conducted an in-depth study on the areas we needed to beef up within Schein to service the emerging areas of dental delivery -- of medical delivery. And we created a health care services group. I think that group is the best in the marketplace, not because it's a Schein group. There was -- they struggled 3 years ago, 4 years ago when they started out. It was quite frankly, the GPOs and the big groups didn't even know who we were because we were servicing the small guys. Today, we are well known in that area, and I think our team is doing a good job. And I think we're taking market share across the board, not only from one distributor, but I think in general, because the marketplace realizes that although, yes, there are hospital suppliers that could offer in theory the full line, we have unique capabilities. And after one distributor or another is tested, it's understood that Henry Schein has tools that are great in this area, but they're not as great as they're going to be. We're investing a lot of money in this area.
Stanley M. Bergman: Robbie, the one thing one cannot do -- and it's not you only, but it's Wall Street in general, we cannot give you any guidance within basis points of the market share growth and how we expect to do. The bottom line is, analyst data doesn't exist for dentistry. There is so much being written in this area, and it's all over the place within a range. So I think we can conclude that dentists are doing quite well relative to the marketplace. I think one can conclude that there is a growing demand for dentistry, the public is becoming more and more aware. Are dentists going to be subject to some price pressure and therefore, may be looking for lower-priced products? Some of them will be. Are they going to look for more generics, which carry a lower selling price but a higher margin? Yes. The bottom line is we are investing in dentistry because we believe this is a great industry, lots and lots of upside in this country and abroad. To give you a precise number as to whether it's going to be between last quarter and this quarter, I think, it would be irresponsible. How could anyone give you that answer? We don't know. But what we do know is the trends are okay. Dentists are feeling good. They are under price pressure. There are certain plans emerging that are bringing more traffic to sit in their chair, albeit at a lower price. Capitation is alive and well. The growing group practice movement is out there, although some of the practices are doing well, others are not. I think a large part of Henry Schein's growth is coming from the group practices. But they're under pressure, too. There's private equity going in there, they want lower prices. Bottom line is, I think Henry Schein is positioned to take advantage of these dynamic changes on the heels of a market that is relatively stable compared to where it was, for example, in October 2008.
Stanley M. Bergman: So Brandon, I think we covered this also a couple of times on the equipment. First of all, in last quarter call, we said that the number was artificially depressed because of our backlog. And I think we played that out. Our backlog, within basis points -- I don't have the exact number in front of me, Steven probably has it, if it's worth -- if it's material to even go through that, is not too different to what it was last year. I mean, it's within a range. So basically, the Dental equipment market took a deep dive in 2009, end of 2008, 2009, started recovering in 2010 and '11. And I think we're in the same place today. I think some of the equipment, take the sensors, there's more of them, but that's at a lower price, E4D is growing. I think one quarter, we get a lot more traditional equipment; one quarter, we don't. I would say it's a pretty stable market. There's 2 good things that are working in our favor, one is interest rates are extremely low. We have great deals in that area. I don't think we have any deals that are materially different to others, perhaps it's just we don't mark up our money as much as others do, but it's quite stable and very low prices in terms of money. Money is readily available. I think 90% of all leases are quickly approved, and we've got 5% we got to go look and scrounge and then it's 5% that are not typical patterns in the post-2011 period. Yes, there were -- cash was available much easier prior to 2008 but at a higher rate. Now it's available a little less, but readily available, at a slightly lower rate -- or quite a bit lower rate, shall we say. So I think the finances are there. And then we've got the accelerated depreciation, which is going to help us again in the fourth quarter. So it's hard to tell you exactly what the growth rates are going to be, but it's a positive market. So there's absolute great reason to buy a CAD/CAM machine. I think there's still 60% on the market that doesn't have sensors. That market is going to go towards sensors -- kind of, if sensors is going to be this year or next year, I can't tell you. I think from a Henry Schein point of view, adding Planmeca becomes a plus. Planmeca is the #1 in the industry for the 2D panoramic and general panoramic machines. These are all exciting areas, so I think this all bodes well for Schein. But again, the trading range we're talking about in terms of growth is so finite that it's -- it would be, I think, it would be foolhardy for Steve and I to give you an estimate.
Stanley M. Bergman: Now, right? So we're starting now. And then we have the grand meeting in Europe, I think, is in October, when Steven gets together with all the managers. What I can tell you is the German business is delivering in accordance with budget. No one knew -- and I don't want to start referring to budgets on future businesses because I don't think it's germane to go into budgets on all of our businesses. But the point here that I'm trying to address is, we did expect that something would give, whether it was too high comparables in the previous year versus potential for this year, the foreign exchange issue, perhaps the fact that the Germans were already getting a little excited about having to fund the rest of Europe, we didn't expect any reimbursement adjustments in Germany. That's too politically a hot potato. No one wants to mess around with a dentist reimbursement. It's insignificant. And everyone in Germany takes advantage of this. So it's different to going after hospitals and drug companies. So that was something that we didn't take into account. Having said that, I think the business is growing. I know the business is growing and is more or less in the plus column, delivering in accordance with expectations. We had a management change about 1 year and plus -- 1.5 years ago, which has gone very well. We've got great management. I think there's opportunity to grow on the equipment side, but I think there's huge opportunity to grow on the consumable side. We have a very important equipment presence and our consumable presence is not as good as our equipment because if you'll recall, the genesis of our major part of our business in Germany extends from the former Siemens Dental. And so our team are extremely good at equipment. At the same time, our team is more comfortable sometimes selling $150,000 product or EUR 100,000 product than may perhaps going after the disposables. So we have built plans in, in the last 2 or 3 years to do that. I think there's opportunity to go after the consumable business, the specialty business. So I think the German market is relatively stable, but our opportunity for growth is quite good. So that goes right into the IDS question. I think if the manufacturers continue to come up with good products, I think our major manufacturers, the ones that I'm in dialogue with, seem to have good plans for new products. They launch those new products at IDS. I'm not sure we'll have huge growth, but we'll have growth.
Stanley M. Bergman: Jeff, I want to put this as diplomatically as possible because I think you're probably -- you are, I think one of the most knowledgeable analysts in the dental space. We are dealing with tens of basis points right now. And for me or for anybody in the dental industry to give you an opinion on that would be very difficult. Yes, June was an unusual month because we had our national sales meeting. And I think that always takes people out of the field. But I don't want to take that and extrapolate it for the rest of the year because it's a factor. There are other factors, too, positive and negative, mostly positive, I would say. Now as it relates to the growth rate we experienced, to extrapolate that for the rest of the year, I don't know. It would be very, very, very difficult. There are so many factors. Is there a movement from more expensive products to less expensive products? I think it could be that. How are our specialty businesses doing versus perhaps some of the mature products? What I'm quite comfortable with is, we will not lose market share and quite comfortable that we will move into positive. How much positive in market share? I don't know. I don't know if the visits to dentists are really down. What I do know is there was a good traffic into the dental office in the first quarter because of the weather. And my sense is that appointments that could have occurred perhaps a little later in the year were pulled into the first quarter because dentists probably called their customers and said, "I've got 2 extra days or 3 extra days." Let them say it this way, but they found they had 2 or 3 extra days and pulled customers in. By the way, a big driver of that is our Dentrix software, which helps them optimize the use of dental chair time. So I don't know. At the same time, I think the good weather, many say impacted positively on our Animal Health business. At the same time, the Animal Health business, I think, continues to show good numbers so -- I mean extraordinary numbers. So it's very -- we're dealing with, I think, a very narrow trading range. I don't think the market's going to go backwards, but I would be shocked if the market really grew significantly. I think we're in a stable market. I think dentists have cash. They're paying their bills on time. They are more engaged in marketing, going after patients that perhaps they wouldn't have gone after in the past and drawing more patients into the practice. I think that's good for the pie. But there's so many nuanced little differences. So it would be very hard to give you a precise number. Having said that, I do believe it's a positive industry, both in this country and in Europe. Now as for Europe, I think Germany is stable. I think France is stable. I think the U.K. has challenges, but I think we've got a great team in the U.K. -- not that we have a great team -- don't have a great team elsewhere, but this team is, I think, particularly focused right now and is winning. Italy is a problem. I mean, you read the newspaper, it's a problem. And we are the biggest and only national distributor of equipment. So we're going to have a challenge today. Spain is a problem. It's not material, but you add Spain to Italy, and it starts having some impact somewhere at Schein. But you got the anchor of Germany, and I would say Australia is, it's a nice business. I don't know what it is today, it's about 3% or 4% of Schein -- is that what it is, in dental business, something like that? Is okay, but it's definitely a bifurcated economy. The majority of the people are not doing well, but there's a lot of people in Australia that are doing well. So I would say, in my mind, I look at Australia and I say, there's some challenges maybe, but then I look at Canada, which seems to be roaring away. So I could justify many different scenarios. What I can tell you is that I will be quite surprised if we don't remain in a decent, positive environment from a Henry Schein market share growth and translating to actual organic sales. And there's lots of opportunity to manage costs in the business and lots of opportunity to expand into new markets that will generate profits in the next year or so. So I think our Dental business is quite stable to growing. Our Medical business is in good shape. We're gaining market share in a complex market. And Animal Health continues to do much better than we thought.
Stanley M. Bergman: And our Technology businesses are bringing in nice profits as well. And although the sales are not material, the profits are.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's not material. Outside the U.S. is not material. We had -- we work with IDEX in a couple of markets, but the market is extremely fractionalized amongst a lot of manufacturers outside of the U.S.
Stanley M. Bergman: So I'm sorry, we went over the mark today, but there really is a lot going on in the business. And I think it was well worth the extra 20 minutes or so. So thank you, everyone, for participating in the call. Steven is ready to handle additional calls. You can call Susan Vassallo in our Communications department, Gerard Meuchner in our Communications department. And I think people have the number, if not, just Steven is (631) 843-5915, and Susan, 5562. And please feel free to call. We'll be very pleased to answer questions. I think we're feeling good about the company. I just visited a number of our businesses in North America in the last 2 weeks and spent a little time before that in Europe. Heading to Europe again in the next -- doing some business there in the next month although parts of Europe are on vacation, but the parts I'll visit will not be so heavily on vacation. And the impression I have from our management coming in and out of headquarters and in the field is that the morale is good, and generally, we feel good about winning. So thank you very much for your interest, and we'll be back in 90 days.
Steven Paladino: Well, on the flea & tick, remember, this is primarily a seasonal product. It will continue through the summer months. And then when it gets to the winter time, it generally tails off. It's a seasonal product, as I said. Basically, the season started earlier this year than from prior years. Again because we had a very mild winter. And that caused parasites on animals to start quicker. It's difficult to measure the overall market. We think the overall market is somewhere in the mid-single digit growth range. And again, we're growing at least 2x that. I'm not sure where the market share is coming from because some of the other big players are also performing well, so I guess it's coming from the smaller players. And right now there's still a lot of momentum in our veterinary business.
Steven Paladino: Sure, sure. So our equipment growth by category was pretty broad-based this quarter. In North America, we had very strong traditional equipment growth. Again, we said that we were going to focus on it last quarter. We felt that there were opportunities there in the marketplace. And we were able to capitalize on that. But the leading grower for us was the CAD/CAM or E4D segment. That was our fastest growing category within the high tech segment. It's been our fastest-growing category for a little while now. We would expect that to continue. But again, I would say that North America was very broad-based on our equipment sales growth. If you look at international, Bob, I think it's important to remember the IDS trade show. This is not unexpected to have a very difficult comparison with the strong equipment sales, especially in the Germanic countries last year in Q2. So that was the primary reason why equipment sales growth internationally was not strong. So it's really the comparison. The other thing that is impacting it is the Italian market. The Italian market, because of the overall economy, equipment is down somewhat in the market. We're actually doing better than the market, both on equipment and consumables, but we still have the reality of the Italian market. So hopefully, that provides some additional color to you.
Steven Paladino: Yes, the other acquisitions, because of the size, really, will not be significant to the operating margin. It's really the AUV which, if you remember, was about $270 million in revenues. And we did say that will be about 10-basis points impact. Remember, we don't look at that as a negative. We will see significant opportunities with AUV to increase their operating margin. We feel that it will prove to be a great acquisition over time. Right now, it's right on plan to what our expectations have been. And again, we look at it as it's resetting the base of our operating margin. So I think other than AUV, the current acquisitions don't really move the needle enough. And again, we do expect to get operating margin expansion in the second half of the year also.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I completely agree. Just the second part of your question on International. When you look at it on a country-specific basis, again, the Germanic countries was down, but it was expected to be down because of IDS. That was the main reason that reflected the equipment's negative sales growth on the overall international basis. And a smaller reason was really, as I said earlier, the Italian market. The Italian market, we saw declines in the market, and our equipment sales were also -- were declining, although they declined less than the market. So those are really the 2 reasons. We think the IDS is a timing thing. Italy, I think, won't get worse, and hopefully, will improve somewhat over time. So we're feeling like the markets are still relatively stable, and our goal, as always, is to grow faster than whatever the underlying market growth is.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So it's still very, very, very early. So I'm happy to give you our guess, and I really will say it's a guess because we're totally reliant on when we get product from the manufacturers. But my guess is that product will come early similar to last year in the market. So it may be a little bit more weighted towards Q3 than Q4. But really, I would be very cautious on that because we really just don't know, and what we're happy to do on the Q3 conference call, as we've done historically, is we'll talk about what we shipped that quarter and we'll -- since we're releasing partially into Q4, we'll probably know the bulk of what we will have shipped for the whole year. And we always are very transparent on that and provide that detail. Pricing, no major -- pricing is still early also to be -- but I'm not seeing any major changes from pricing also at this time. Again I just want to repeat, it is still very early in the process.
Steven Paladino: Well, first on the current quarter. And I'm glad you asked the question because I think -- we did say in the prepared remarks that we had $0.03 negative impact in the quarter purely related to foreign exchange. And that's just the difference between average exchange rates that existed Q2 last year versus applying the current average rate. And just to highlight that, last year, the average rate for the euro, and again, that's our biggest currency, was somewhere around $1.44 or $1.45. And this year, the current average rate for the quarter was somewhere around $1.28. So it's a big movement. And I do think it's a testament to our core business that we were able to still deliver strong growth and fight through that $0.03 headwind. The headwind, assuming again -- and I don't want to predict foreign currency rates because I don't think it's truthful and I don't think anyone really knows how, but assuming rates stay where they are, the impact will lessen because the euro did weaken last year. So if this stays the same, the impact will be lessened in Q3 and Q4. So after saying all that, I'd like to point out again that we feel confident in our guidance. We're trying to be a bit conservative on exchange rates as we sit here today, and we feel confident that we'll deliver our EPS guidance, for the year unless some really unusual thing happens in the world that we're not expecting.
Steven Paladino: And just overall on IDEX, unfortunately, there's really not any important new news from the last call. We're still waiting to hear what IDEX is doing and what they're doing with the FTC. So we're hearing that sometime late August, early September, we'll hear more information. But I don't have really an update other than that. We feel -- still feel good, very good about our relationship with IDEX. So that's a positive on our side.
