Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Carolynne, and thank you, everyone, for joining us. We are pleased to be reporting record sales results for the second quarter, and as an indicator of the continued success of our diversified strategy, each of our business units gained market share this quarter. This strong sales performance coupled with our ongoing expense control efforts has us on target for our full year financial plan. In fact, we are pleased that we were able to report raising the bottom of our 2013 financial guidance range by $0.05 per share. I'll provide some additional commentary on our performance in each of our business units in a moment but to just set the tone for the call, we really are pleased with the results of yet another very good quarter and the performance of each of our business units which, in the aggregate, have gained market share across the board in each of the markets that we're in. So thank you for calling in and now, let me ask Steven to review our quarterly financial results.
Stanley M. Bergman: Just to amplify a little bit on what Steven said. Of course, I don't think any particular group of weeks represents a trend necessarily. But our sense, and this is anecdotal, is that the U.S. dental market traffic into GPs is getting a little bit stronger and that there's a lot more optimism amongst GPs in general -- there's some parts of the country, where this may not be the case -- there's a trend towards a little bit more optimism than perhaps some months ago.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. The overall trends are a little bit different for the U.S., whereas the U.S. is stable to growing, I would say international is stable in the markets that we're in, to leaning slightly down. The U.K. market that you referenced is probably leaning in the slightly down column, and Europe is on balance, probably stable to slightly down. We do participate a little bit more in the large animal market, particularly in the Netherlands, and that market, the large animal, is not as strong as it's been in the past. As it relates to Australia and New Zealand, I think we continue to gain market share but the -- and there we're also in the large animal arena, the market is not as strong as it's been in the past. So I would say that, on balance, we feel that the markets that we're in, in the aggregate, are gaining market share slightly, but the markets are stable to slightly down. As it relates to a competitor that entered into the U.K. market, I would say that we have competitors, strong competitors in every market throughout the world. We're a good #2 player and have been a good #2 player in the U.K. animal health market for a while, several years. We're very happy with the progress of that business, have an outstanding stable management team that's been with us for a while. We've gained market share, we've improved on the efficiency of the business, we've continued to invest in that business and are very comfortable that we will continue to grow our market share in the U.K. as well. Let me add that we're also making good progress on our Practice Management software in the animal health arena, and we believe that our logistics plus our value-added software offering will continue to help us advance our market share, all in unison with some high margin products that we're adding in different markets throughout the world, such as the vet instruments offering.
Stanley M. Bergman: I would say the follow-through after the show was pretty good. The actual orders at the show were impacted to some extent, by -- I think it was an airport strike on the Friday and there was snow. So if you lump together the orders that were received immediately before the show and after the show, we are quite happy with our performance in Germany, and actually believe we continue to gain market share in equipment field in Germany amongst the key manufacturers of dental equipment in Germany. So I think, on balance, it was a very good show and has given us good momentum going into the balance of the year. But the actual orders taken at the show were somewhat challenged because a number of our customers could not get in to deliver the orders. But we didn't miss a beat really, we picked up the orders afterwards and, overall, we're quite happy with our German business in general.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. It's very, very hard to gauge foot traffic because the market is not constant any longer. You see a shift from smaller practices to larger practices, and a shift from both smaller and larger practices to acquisition by, to some extent, consolidators, but more importantly, ownership by IDNs in one form or another. There's just no data available. What we can report is that our business in the smaller accounts is not doing well. It's not doing badly but you can see that this area is definitely not where the growth is coming from. Having said that, the growth is really coming from these consolidators, whether they are IDNs or they are group practices merging with other group practices, or group practices acquiring small practices. And there's many, many different ways in which this is taking place. And that part of the business is particularly strong. One should never count one's eggs before they are hatched, but we think that we are on a very good position to continue to gain market share amongst this emerging sector, the area that we refer to as our Health Care Services group, and this is a group we put together about half a dozen years ago, and it's gaining real market share growth. I don't believe that there's any price inflation, really. I mean there's something perhaps here relative to the medical device tax, some of that's been passed on. Although in the aggregate, in our $1.5 billion business or so, I don't believe that's, that material, it's basis points. But overall, the growth that we're experiencing is from market share growth. Of course, there is some growth coming out of these urgi centers and some of the other specialty products that we've introduced over the last few years. I think we're doing well in equipment, particularly diagnostic equipment. But overall, its market share growth in units that is driving our sales here. And although it's very hard to predict every quarter going forward, we remain rather bullish on our continued growth. I don't think particular -- any particular acquisition is driving our growth in a positive direction or a negative direction. The market is consolidating and the larger players will, of course, do well because in the end, this market is driven by the capacity to deliver on value-added services to these larger customers. And for that, you need to invest a lot of money in software and other services and, I think, we've made a lot of investment already and will continue to make that investment, and those that make those investments or have the capacity to make those investments will do well.
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't think it's that finely -- the categories are not that finely granular that I could really comment on. Of course, equipment is important to us but we have a business that's heading towards $10 billion, $9.5 billion, and the impact of IDS per se on the whole of Henry Schein is not that pronounced that we would actually look at specific categories. And Steven will be happy to talk to our equipment people and get the details for you. But I would say, IDS was good generally for CAD/CAM imaging and even the unit sales. And I can't tell you whether there's a particular unit sale that was down or less -- was not -- didn't grow as much as our expectations or not -- that's a bit too fine for this call. What I can tell you is that, generally, our manufacturers did well at IDS, across the board. There was a good showing of new equipment but I would say also that nothing that was completely profound. I think the showing of new equipment was more or less in line with what was expected. Our sales force was ready for the new equipment and was able to process interest of customers and turn that into sales. So I don't think there was any major disappointment or major really positive surprise from the show. It was a good show. And was in line with what we expected, more or less, other than the weather, which resulted in us having to pick up orders and close the orders after the show, but I don't think that will impact, really, shipments in any particular way.
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't -- let me just think about it. On Dental, I don't believe private brand is having a material impact in any way. There may be markets that it's going up, there's certainly other markets where the branded manufacturers are responding -- by the way, you should know that, generally, in Dental, we have our biggest market share in private brand. We are essentially a branded company, and where we have a branded option, we will kick off with that. We only use the private brand where we have price competition, and this tends to be on the less technique-sensitive products and more towards the commodity and infection control commodity-type products. So I don't think there's much swing. I mean there are a couple of markets I can think of in Europe right now, where we were particularly under-penetrated in this area and others were perhaps more focused on this and we've advanced. But overall, it's quite stable. In the Animal Health area, it's a relatively small amount of the business because the business is predominantly in the branded pharmaceutical area from a sales point of view, and in the Pet Food area, and those are essentially branded products. We do sell some generics. We are increasing our sales in absolute terms on things like surgical products and instruments, et cetera, but it's not material as a percent of this almost -- what is it? $2 billion business, or more than $2 billion business, I don't think it's material. On the medical side, I would have to say that, it is growing. And it's growing because of the price pressure and it's growing, I would say, with the medsurg products in particular; we don't really sell private brand equipment. It's some small equipment and maybe private brand, we do not really have private brand reagents for machines, that's all branded. There's some private brand quick diagnostic type stuff and I don't know if that's growing, it's probably stable. And on generics, yes, on the injectable side, it's important. Although there's been a shortage of injectables, it slightly eased up. And of course, I don't know how you would classify a flu vaccine, but if you classified it as an injectable -- as a generic, of course, that is growing. And although there is a branded flu vaccine that's coming to market now, I don't think it will have a material impact on the number of doses, at least not for the foreseeable future.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the scanner-only option is relatively small, although will gain momentum. I think we're really at the early stages of this whole CAD/CAM recognition by dentists. I think there's a lot of curiosity, and I think the majority, of course, of dentists that are buying these CAD/CAMs today are buying a chairside unit. Having said that, I'd think the scanners -- there are many scanners out there, and the market will grow, it will develop. I think we're in a stage today where dentists are looking at all the options out there and I think the variety of scanners that are in the marketplace will just draw attention to this marketplace and make dentists more comparable to invest in this space. But I would say that from a dentist's point of view, at least from my gut reaction, I don't have any scientific data right in front of me, the majority of dentists that are investing in the space are today investing in the area of chairside. The whole role of the laboratory as it relates to CAD/CAM is fascinating and that's emerging rapidly with many, many different players and lots and lots of different solutions. Of course, Henry Schein's goal is to be the #1 place for dentists to turn to and for laboratories to turn to, to understand the changes and be the trusted adviser in leading dentist/dental labs in the area of digital dentistry from a prosthetics point of view. But we're in early stage, I think, still, with lots of excitement of us.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, as it relates to expectations, at this point in time, our internal numbers, as -- I think, I don't think this is anything new, otherwise we would've changed things and we would've announced it. Very similar to last year and I don't think we're looking for much change either in volume or pricing. Of course, things could change. And it's really virtually impossible to give you the shipping dates because, as it happens, you know, the fine line in shipment between September and October is very hard to predict. So I don't think it's material in relationship to Henry Schein's performance because we will always point out the aggregate of flu vaccine shipments in doses and impact on earnings per share for the entire year, and we will make that very clear in the third quarter conference call. So I don't think it will have -- it should not an impact on our earnings per share for the year, at least from what we're seeing right now and we're not aware of any manufacturer that has difficulty.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I mean, the pipeline continues to be as strong as ever. Muted is not reflective of what's likely to happen. Deals happen when they are ready to happen. We have more in our pipeline than we have the capacity to close, not from a financial point of view. In fact, we think our balance sheet is a little bit under-leveraged at this point in time. But more from a capacity to actually do the deals and absorb them from an internal point of view. But we are hopeful, but no promises that, in the second half of the year, we will be able to close on some deals that will bring us accretion. Not necessarily this year, of course, because of the way of the accounting treatment, but that will give us momentum into next year and the year after. So we continue to be quite optimistic. We're not going out of the dental medical vet space. Our consumables equipment and software will remain within that space. But we believe there's lots of opportunity and are hopeful that we will close some deals in the not-too-distant future. But of course, we can't guarantee until the deals are done.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. It's a good question because we spend a lot of time talking to people that are in the health care delivery world and it's still rather unclear. What is clear is that health care reform is here to stay. At least the notion of insuring people that were not insured in the past and the implications of that relative to visiting -- having access to a physician rather than only being to go to the emergency room of a hospital should somebody be sick. So we see a lot more wellness programs emerging. And a lot more preventive activity. And that takes place essentially in the physician office. And we also see a marked movement from the hospital where procedures are taking place to the alternate care site for procedures. The doctor's office, the small ASC and the large ASC. And our focus is essentially on the doctor's office and the smaller ASCs. Now when it comes to the doctor’s office, of course, that can be small groups and large groups. But our focus is essentially on the smaller ASCs although we do have some larger ASCs. Now a lot of is going to happen, we think, in 2014 and more in 2015. Exactly when this is going to transform -- translate into dollars, it's hard to tell. But we are doing well today without this movement resulting from increased covered lives and only expect -- and expect that there will only be more to follow as anywhere from 30-plus million Americans have access to a physician from -- in a physician office due to emphasis on wellness and prevention, and that's very exciting for our medical business. So we believe we just need to continue advancing our programs in the medical arena, and we will be the beneficiary of this trend in the years to come. But hard to pinpoint a date. I think, for sure, by 2015, we will have a nice benefit, but I think it will grow between now and then. And also, I think insurance companies, in anticipation of some of the changes, are driving activity to the alternate care site with a focus on prevention and a focus on wellness. All of this, I think, bodes well for this part of our business.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I never found a quarter in our -- my 30 years with Henry Schein that's been easy, but I appreciate the positive tone of your question. Having said that, I think our book right now, as of this moment -- of course, I can't turn this statement into any kind of calculation, I think our book of business at this point on the equipment side generally is pretty good and we are optimistic. But we have, ahead of us, the big dental show in France in November. The French economy, it's hard to tell because it's summer now and not much activity, was steady going into the third quarter. But there's very little prediction and no comfort that the economy will continue to be this way. I think Germany is stable and the U.K. is stable. And so -- and then we got Australia where we have some real challenges. About $1 billion was taken out of reimbursement by the government from a $7 billion reimbursement package. So I think it's better for us to be conservative when we prepare our internal projections. So I think we are leaning towards positive growth, but I think it's hard to confirm one way or the other. And I don't think it would be wise for us to predict where the third and fourth quarter will end up with from an equipment point of view in Europe given the volatility of those economies. But we remain very optimistic and, generally, our international businesses, whether they are dental, medical and/or vet, have really good management teams and they're always outstanding.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I can't remember the exact quarter, but my guess is 4 or 5 quarters ago, we were quite cautionary on the U.S. market, and I think we can quite safely say, as I'm making this statement, this very second, that we tend to be a little bit more optimistic, or quite a bit more optimistic, on the U.S. and I might add, the Canadian market. So that kind of sentiment or that kind of gut, and to be sure, we're talking about a couple of percentage, either away, we're not talking about massive swings one way or the other. It's that kind of sentiment that we're a little bit concerned with in Europe. Look, Germany is stable. We've had good IDS. We think, in the wake of that, there will be some business to be had in the third and fourth quarter. Having said that, Italy went through a very traumatic period. The Italian market melted. The dental market went back significantly, although we gained a lot of market share because we have capital and I think a great business in Italy, the only national consumable and equipment business. I think, although business is good-okay, in France, I think, at least if you read the newspapers, you've got to believe that the French economy is going to have some bumps along the way, although we haven't seen it dramatically from our point of view. The U.K. is a bifurcated economy. If you go into London, things are okay; if you go outside of London, some of the big cities, there are challenges. But on balance, I think we will continue to gain market share. But gaining market share is, in itself, is not as good as gaining market share within a growing market. The Netherlands had some economic challenges as it related to reimbursement. I think in a quarter or 2, we should see some positive growth as that market stabilizes. And then Australia, we had a very, very good finish to their fiscal year, which is the second quarter. In fact, we've seen some reimbursement changes, very rare do we see reimbursement changes impacting our dental business. But we have seen some reimbursement changes in Australia, and we're heading into an election. There's optimism that once the election is over, the economy will get better, I was just there the other day. And so, the rest of the world is not that material. Spain, yes, the comps are much lower than they were because the economy collapsed some time ago. So we're off lower comps. So I think it is only prudent for us to be conservative on European performance, from an equipment point of view, although consumables seem to be chugging along okay. So I just think we should be conservative and that's what I believe Steven has baked into his budgets and guidance, et cetera. But the business is in solid state. I believe that the European economy will get better at some point and we will, at that point, be very well positioned to do even better, because I think a lot of our competitors are weakened right now, and so I think -- they're weakened and we're investing in our European businesses. So I remain optimistic about our International strategy. I expect us to make acquisitions globally, no problems. And I still think our International business is likely to be closer to half in the next few years, than it is to the 35% it is today. And it will be profitable business. So, I'm sorry not to give you a perfect answer but that's the thinking right now. It's better to be a little cloudy and therefore, [indiscernible].
Stanley M. Bergman: And Steven at 5915. And that's (631) 843-5915. And of course, you're also welcome to send an email. Thank you very much and have a good rest of the summer.
Steven Paladino: Well, so the consumable growth, remember we did have a little bit of tailwind for the quarter related to the timing of the holidays. But even without that, the consumable growth was over 3%. So we think that, for us, there's probably about 2/3 of that, that is pricing and 1/3 that's additional units. So we think we are gaining market share since we think that the overall market units is relatively flat. So we feel good that we're gaining market share. Equipment, I think while equipment was a little over 1% of sales growth, I think it's important to note that equipment, we had a very strong Q2 last year with almost 8% sales growth, so up against a more difficult comparable. But we feel good about equipment growth in the U.S. market going forward. Our backlog report shows a nice healthy increase, both domestically, as well as internationally, so both of those are good indicators. So overall, we feel like that the overall U.S. dental market has the potential to show some additional improvement. As Stanley said, that the market is stable to slightly positive in foot traffic, so we believe that, that's true. And we're hopeful that for the rest of the year, we'll continue to show those trends.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think the run rate -- first of all, that number being higher is a very good indicator, because that means the underlying business units that we have a controlling interest on, those -- the profitability of them is increasing, and that backs out the minority share of profits that we do not own. So I do think the run rate that we're seeing now, we should look at more consistently, again as adjusted for seasonality. The biggest driver really was the U.S. Animal Health business that had very strong profitability growth, as well as we did increase our ownership during the year slightly. So that was the biggest driver. I just want to also just remark on the last question. I think it's important on the Dental equipment sales internationally to note that, going forward, we feel bullish about international equipment sales because of the backlog report, that's up slightly at the end of the quarter, even despite the IDS trade show, and that's a very strong indicator.
Steven Paladino: And just to remind people, we sold about 8.6 million doses last year, so again, as Stanley just said, we do expect a similar volume this year and, again, between Q3 and Q4, from our perspective, it's just really not possible to give, at this time, any accurate projections. But we'll be totally transparent on the Q3 conference call and compare our Q3 results this year and last year. And the good part is that by the time we announce Q3 results, we'll be well into selling into Q4, so we'll be able to give indications on full year, also.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, subject to seasonality and acquisition activity, I would say, yes. And it's by design, there's a continued focus on managing expenses tightly. We know that the markets that we're in are growing slower than historic norms, so we want to continue to do that. So I think it is something that we take great pride on and will continue to do going forward.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So again, we have been getting, for a few quarters now, what we call the normalized sales growth. So it adjusts for any shifts of agency to traditional sales or vice versa. And as we said in the prepared remarks, we do believe that for the balance of the year, that normalized sales growth will be in the high-single digits. So it'll be back to where it was in Q1. We had this anomaly in Q2 because of a very strong flea and tick season last year. And I think that roughly speaking, the delta between GAAP reported sales and normalized sales will stay consistent for the balance of the year.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Overall, again, operating margins, were up 18 basis points. Let me just pull out some of the detail between distribution as you're asking. Just give me one second to do that. As I'm pulling it out, I'll just comment that overall, we think that operating margin expansion is an important goal that we continue to believe we can get margin expansion. We always look at operating margins, excluding acquisitions or current year acquisitions, because if we buy a high or low-margin business, we kind of look at the same-store operating margin, excluding that acquisition. And for the quarter, we did show, on that same basis, excluding acquisitions, 32 basis points of operating margin expansion, x acquisitions, we got margin expansion, both in the health care distribution segment and in the technology segments. Including acquisitions though, the technology segment declined slightly, because we did buy some companies that while they have overall good margins in the teens or 20% range, they are lower than our overall technology margins. So again, because of that current year acquisition activity, it did show on a reported basis a little bit of decline. But overall, I think it's good that we increased on both components, again, x acquisitions on a same-store basis.
Steven Paladino: It was interesting because typically high tech leads for us. This quarter we saw actually very strong growth on traditional equipments. One of the things I think that is a reason, is a little bit of an anomaly this quarter because I think the people are very excited about the new NEVO Scanner for the E4D product. And I think that, as that product comes to market in, I guess, late Q3, I think people are waiting for the introduction of the new product. So I think that's also a good indicator, Jeff, because, as you know, traditional equipment, I think, is where people tend to, when they're being conservative, pull back on. And the fact that we saw good growth there, I think was very interesting. And I do agree with your earlier comments that the uptick in U.S. consumable merchandise, potentially, is an indicator of equipment sales growth going forward.
