Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Graham, if we can now open the call to questions. We'll be happy to answer any questions investors may have. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes, thank you, A.J. Cologne -- the Cologne Show was good for us. Remember, it's primarily focused on Germany and Austria from a selling point of view. And overall, it was as good as previous years. The equipment market in Europe is quite stable. And yes, there's a slight issue in France. There was a strike in April, but that doesn't really have significant impact on the whole business. We'll call that out if it is. But generally, I would say the European and international equipment market from our point of view is stable. There are puts and takes. The traditional equipment is a little bit better. And there is some deflation in units pricing for the DS -- the DI products. Mills are starting to be stable again. And there's some growth you can expect from 3D printing. But I think generally, the market is pretty stable now.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. There are some device companies that were much more impacted by the ups and downs. We were only slightly impacted because there were a lot more visits last year because of -- early part of the year because of whether it was COVID or flu, different kinds of flu. But we had pretty high comps there, but I think it starts getting better as the year goes by. And our businesses continue to be steady when you really take out the test. I would say that PPE is -- we're pretty normalized now. But the test, obviously, for -- COVID tests are going down. And I don't know if that will continue. We've tried to give you best guidance, but the medical business is quite stable and doing quite well, actually, growing nicely.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, just to be clear, our North American implants sales were flattish, and that's because we had significant growth last year. Our implant business outside of the United States, outside North America had high single-digit growth.
Stanley Bergman: A very good question. I'm glad that was asked. Yes. I think the year-over-year pricing on intraoral scanners and iOS has stabilized. When you look at our numbers, you will see that iOS sales and units went up quite nicely in the first quarter. What was down was the DSO business because we had some significant sales in iOS in the first quarter of 2022. So I would say the iOS units are good, the pricing has stabilized. And I think the mills now have also stabilized. Of course, the 3D printing is being viewed at as an option. But I think we've gotten back some momentum in the mills and expect to do well with the 3D printing for the remainder of the year as well.
Stanley Bergman: And we also think that the digital side from a pricing point of view has stabilized, and we're seeing good growth on the units. 
Stanley Bergman: Brandon, thank you for that question. As we indicated early on, our pipeline remains quite good. Our bold strategic plan calls for us to continue to advance those businesses that are high margin, high growth through organic growth and through acquisition growth. There are parts of the portfolio that we could add to, of course. I don't think we have much overlap. But we are very much committed to advancing our high-growth, high-margin businesses, and there's no deviation from that. We outlined that quite clearly in our Investor Day, and we're executing. As it relates to brand alignment, I think we've always been pretty good at that. We will, over time, align brands. We've done that with Camlog and BioHorizons, I think, quite well. We never lost any business when we aligned the brands. We have a combined BioHorizons Camlog brand today in many parts of the world, certainly all the big markets in a few parts of the world where each of the particular brands is distributed through different distributors. We may keep it. But generally, in the big market, we keep them separate in the big markets, we're aligning have aligned for the last two or three years in a single brand. We will keep both the line of brands going. It goes to different markets. But I would imagine, over time, we will align brands. But more important, we're aligning the production, the -- all the administrative activity, which should be accretive, of course. So we are very, very careful with brand alignment. We've done a good job of that over the years, and we'll continue to do that.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. That's a good question also. Our DSO business remains a good grower. It's pretty stable. We've continued to add DSOs specifically in the mid-market area. A couple of our larger DSO customers have made some good acquisitions and taken us along and included our -- the purchases of products from us. I think we're making good progress on the specialty side in the DSO world. Of course, on the equipment side, it can be lumpy. I mentioned earlier on that on the iOS side, we had a very good significant sale in the first quarter of last year. So it impacted us in terms of units a bit. That will occur. I don't think we've lost any, I'm sure we've lost some smaller ones, but I think, on the big side, we're doing well. And on the midsized ones we're gaining as well customers. So overall, it's a growing business. And of course, the goal is to advance the high-growth, high-margin products, specifically our software, where I think we are appreciated and our additional value-added services. So the growth continues quite nicely is pretty stable, and we have very good relations with our large and midsized DSOs.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling in. I realize there are a couple of complexities in this quarter. But if you peel out the PPE and the tests and you understand that the accounting regime for acquisitions on inventory step-up, takes those expenses relating to the step-up and runs them through the operating income against operating income, likewise, some M&A expenses are run through operating income. If you take all of that out, you'll see our core business is doing quite well, good internal sales growth. Gross profit is doing quite well, moving it a bit higher, all on with our strategic plan. And I think you will see that the business is quite stable. We anticipate operating income to continue to grow as Ron outlined in our guidance and we're happy with the business. So of course, if you have questions, Graham and Ron are available. And we're optimistic about the business. So I appreciate all the questions and look forward to our next call in a couple of months' time. And I think we're going to be at some conferences and happy to provide more color on the business. But overall, we're very pleased with the performance of the business and nothing really unexpected at this time. So thank you very much.
Ron South: Hi, Jason. I think the -- on the margin question and as you mentioned, the specialty businesses perhaps did not grow as much, but they did grow, and this is a year or a quarter, I should say, were year-over-year we actually had some contraction in reported sales. So that growth still takes on a greater mix, right? So we're getting the benefits of a greater mix from our specialty products and the growth that we experience on the technology and value-added services side. And that mix is favorable to the gross margin. I think, too, that while within the distribution sector, we tend to get slightly better gross margins in dental and the growth we had in dental versus medical and the growth we had in dental versus medical I think also contributes to that particular margin performance being as high as it was. On SG&A, I think that we have a fair number of expenses that are fixed. So the operating margin itself is going to come down some as those gross profit dollars are lower from the lower contribution from PPE and COVID test kits. So I think that's what we're seeing primarily the drag on the operating margin. I think -- from an SG&A standpoint, we had -- we did have a little bit of an increase in costs, but some of those are related to the acquisition costs that we incurred during the quarter. We've got a very robust pipeline, the nature of these transactions that we've been doing, as you can see from the last couple of implant transactions that we announced require a little more work on the acquisition side. And so I think that, that was a bit of a drag on SG&A as well.
Ron South: Yes. So I'll start with kind of the effect of the inventory adjustments. And your typical implant business will turn inventory, say, a couple of times a year. So that means it's going to take us about six months to work through that inventory step-up value that will kind of be a drag on the gross margin for that period of time. So yes, Q2, Q3, as we work through the inventory step-up. And we're still working on finalizing what that actual. We have some estimates. We don't have a final number on that inventory step-up. In terms of the remainder part of Biotech, there are going to be some costs incurred this year that are what I'm calling integration-related costs, it's really -- we bought a company that has multiple sites, multiple locations, and it was a privately run business. So you have to spend some money to get it ready to be part of a public company, right? So we're going to incur some expenses in that respect. But we do expect Biotech to be accretive post 2023. We think once we get into 2024, it will definitely be accretive for us. With reference to S.I.N., the deal that we just announced, that deal has not closed yet. And it's going through the process of being reviewed by the Brazilian regulatory body. So we're not sure when that's going to close. I think in our press release, we just basically said the latter half of 2023 because we don't have a strong estimate of when that will close. So we don't really know the effect on the current year because, again, of that inventory step-up that we'll have to manage, but we also believe S.I.N. once we get through those inventory adjustments, and we get into -- and hopefully, we can close it earlier in 2023 rather than later because then when we get into 2024, it should be accretive for us in 2024 as well.
Ron South: Yes. I think I'll start with the fiscal calendar question, Nathan. I think that it's probably worth -- it's worth a couple of points to us of growth in the quarter, right? It can kind of vary market-to-market. It's more pronounced internationally than it is in the U.S. You do -- we had some international markets where dental practices, they close that week between Christmas and New Year's, right? So you get very limited sales. So it's more pronounced in some markets than others, but I think overall, globally, it's worth probably a couple of points on that merchandise. When I say a couple of points, I'm talking about specifically on the dental merchandise number. In terms of patient traffic, I think we're seeing pretty steady patient traffic at this point. I think it's a fairly normalized market in that respect in that we're not seeing the fluctuations in patient traffic. We're not hearing about this from our customers as much as we have historically. So I think that -- and I think that continued into April as well where patient traffic was fairly consistent with what we saw in the first quarter.
Ron South: Yes. I mean as you mentioned, we think the comps will get a little easier for this dental specialty products in the back half of the year versus the first half of the year. But even like within implants, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, in Europe, we had double-digit growth in implants. But in the U.S., it was a much tougher comp. Last year, the U.S. had double-digit growth in implants. So it was a tougher comp when we saw -- as a result, we saw lower growth there. Endodontic products are still doing very well; very steady for us and growing kind of in high-single-digits. So that's -- there are pockets of really, really good performance. And we think that as we progress into the back half of the year and those comps get easier, we expect that growth to become a little more robust.
Ron South: I think on the implant, it's really -- you got to look at the kind of the specific markets. Like we were saying before, in Europe, our implant business grew quite well, actually grew about double-digits. And in the U.S. we had growth, but it was much more tepid than that. It was just a click of growth that we got in the U.S. But again, the U.S. was coming off, I think, a much tougher comp than what we had in Europe last year. Yes, endo has been -- that's been steady. I mean endo quarter-to-quarter has been steady in that mid to high-single-digits. Ortho is really hard for us to pick out a trend. It's just such a low base for us that we have had some -- we felt like we had very good growth in Clear Aligners in the quarter. That's mostly through our relationship with some DSOs there, but it's still off a very low base.
Ron South: Well, I think that keep in mind; implants are about 60% of that category, right? So they carry the most weight when doing that math. And while ortho -- while they had decent sales, ortho is about 10% of that category, endo being the balance of 30%. So I think that it's the -- you're right. I mean, the implants had about a 3% to 4% global growth, and then that tends to drive the overall number because of the weighting of them in the -- within the category.
Ron South: Yes. Well, let's clarify your question, though, because inventory step-up will be -- is very different from restructuring, right? So to the extent we have to incur restructuring costs in our transactions, as we incur those restructuring costs, we will add them back. Inventory step-up, we will reference inventory step-up. So people are aware of the impact it will have on earnings, but we are not adding back inventory step-up as a non-GAAP adjustment, nor are we adding back the costs we incur when doing our deals. We see it as an integral part of our business, acquisitions is a very important part of our strategy and the costs we incur doing the deals, we do not add back of non-GAAP adjustments. But when we have a quarter such as this quarter, when we have an unusually high volume of acquisition expenses, we want to make sure we reference it, so people understand the impact it has on operating income as it is a component of operating expense.
Ron South: It's more the latter. It's more that we pick up a little bit of additional acquisition growth. But I think that the -- we still think the core underlying business can grow kind of mid-single-digit in sales up towards approaching high-single-digits in sales.
Ron South: Yes, certainly, Elizabeth. I think with reference to the backlog, I mean, during the quarter, we actually saw a bit of a tick down in backlog sequentially, but the backlog at the end of the first quarter this year is still greater than the backlog at the end of the year last year. And it's still quite a bit higher than the backlog levels we had pre-pandemic. And that is principally traditional equipment, right? And so that's helping with the growth and gives us, I think, some optimism in terms of our ability to continue to sell traditional equipment at pretty good growth rates going forward. Now that's in North America. Internationally, we've seen the backlog come down a little bit. And -- but it still is ahead of pre-pandemic levels. So while the backlogs are working down a little bit more internationally, there's still a fairly healthy backlog there.
Ron South: Yes. I think the trends we have in April have been really a continuation of what we saw in the first quarter. I wouldn't say there's been anything that's coming out of the financial markets. That's been a significant disruptor to that.
Ron South: No, I don't think -- I think the balance of the year should be -- other than the fact that our Q4 this year will be 13 weeks versus 14 weeks last year, right? But outside of that, I don't expect the calendar to have a significant effect on the cadence. I do think where you could see some lumpiness still in our quarterly numbers is that the headwinds that we are dealing with as it relates to PPE and COVID test kits are more pronounced in the first half of the year than they are in the second half of the year and most pronounced in the first quarter as was evidenced by the $0.24 headwind we reported this quarter. But that headwind will be greater, just the math of it is that, that headwind will be greater in the second quarter than it is in the third and the fourth quarter. So we'll continue to have a little bit of a hill to climb in Q2 that we think levels off for us as we get into Q3 and Q4.
Ron South: The backlog is principally standard equipment, right? So it's chairs, units and lights, and we really kind of analyze it more sequentially what was it at the beginning of the quarter versus the end of the quarter. And that's what I was saying before that the North American equipment backlog remains -- it did come down some over the course of the quarter, but it's higher than where it was last year at the end of the first quarter. So it's still a fairly healthy backlog and well higher than where the kind of backlog levels we had prior to the pandemic. Internationally is kind of the same story. We're seeing a bit of a work down quarter-to-quarter. But their backlog versus last year's first quarter is also a little lower. And that's how it differs from North America.
Jeff Johnson: Thank you. Good morning, guys. Let me start, I guess, just to see if I can get any more color out of you Ron or Stanley, on the specialty business, the 4.5% growth in the quarter year-over-year. One, did that get the benefit, the same 2-point benefit from the timing? Just wondering on that. But more importantly, it sounds like you said, I think, Ron, endo was up high-single-digits. If I kind of assume away the ortho business, which I know is growing in the Clear Aligner space, but it's still probably the smallest of the three. Would that put implants closer to flat year-over-year in the quarter? Just trying to kind of gauge between those three business lines within the specialty business. Thank you.
Jeff Johnson: All right. And I guess just to help me out here, if U.S. was kind of flat to up a bit in implants, Europe up strongly. I think you said upper single-digits and endo up high-single-digits. I mean your Camlog business in Germany, obviously, the number one, number two player there is a big business. I would think that means your Global Implants were somewhere at least kind of 3% to 4% and endo high-single-digits, how does the whole specialty business end up just 4%, 4%? I still can't reconcile that math.
Jeff Johnson: Fair enough. And then just one clarifying question on the model. So when you started excluding amortization, at the start of this year on deals, you don't include -- or don't exclude, I'm sorry, any kind of inventory step even if you have to go and do some restructuring yourself, that stuff stays in your model. So those are costs on future deals that we'd assume to stay in the EPS, we don't exclude those, just to clarify that.
