Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning, and thank you, Carolynne. Before I begin to discuss the quarter, let me note that just this week, Henry Schein placed #296 in the 2013 Fortune 500 ranking of America's Largest Corporations. Achieving a milestone as significant as being ranked 1 of the 300 largest companies in America reflects the successful strides our Team Schein Members have made in growing the company, specifically over the last 17 years since we went public. To climb more than 190 spots on the Fortune 500 list in less than a decade is testament to our success in executing on our strategic plan that focuses on our customers' needs by taking advantage of new technologies and tapping into growing markets. Now turning to our results for the quarter. We are very pleased to report positive growth in local currencies in each of our 4 business groups during the quarter. The performance was driven by organic growth in North America and, of course, strategic acquisitions worldwide. Sales growth was negatively impacted by a number of factors that Steven will discuss in greater detail shortly, yet overall, our bottom line performance was in line with our internal expectations, and we are pleased to affirm earnings per share guidance for the full year of 2013. Of course, I'll provide additional commentary after Steven reviews the numbers in greater detail, and then, of course, we'll be open to questions and we'll give appropriate answers. So first, let me ask Steven to give you a review of our quarterly financial results.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay, Steven will give you -- translate what I'm about to say into math. But generally, we feel that in North America, in the U.S. in particular, visits to dentists are kind of stable. We're talking about shifts of basis points, so we may find 1 month a little bit up, 1 month a little down, but I think we have to be cautious in assessing this year's volume compared to last because the weather last year was exceptionally good, and this year, we had some regional challenges. So if you take that out, you'd have to make a subjective guess. And from where we're sitting, we think that overall, it looks like the market is relatively stable. And now Steven can translate that into math because, of course, we review this quite intensely.
Stanley M. Bergman: First of all, I think we've covered this several times on these calls. One has to be careful. We are -- with the mix between large animal and companion animal. Yes, we a little bit are in the large animal business, but that's an area we don't really focus on. And so when looking at us compared to general data available in the marketplace, please remember we are focused on the companion animal area with some equine in there. And the large animal had some changes in distribution over the past year or so as competitors left the market. And so take that into account when comparing us to others, number one. Number two, there is -- there was a significant switch to -- in the agency billing relationship, where sales moved from GAAP fully booked sales -- moved to fully booked sales from agency sales. So if you take that into account -- and again, it's very hard to get this perfect -- we believe that our growth, our normalized growth, was about 9%, and we believe that the market is growing somewhere around 4% to 5%, and of course, it's very difficult to get this precise, but we think we're growing at about 2x the market growth, and we believe we are really gaining market share very nicely. Now I don't believe we're going to necessarily continue to grow internally at 9%, but we believe that the market is growing 4% to 5%, and we very much believe that we will continue to gain market share. And by the way, I can make that statement on market share growth with respect to all of our businesses, which I think are well positioned to continue to gain market share. So I think you have to be a little cautious here. The data is not very good, but I think that we are growing at about twice the market and feel very comfortable in sustaining well over market share -- growth rates well ahead of the market at least for the foreseeable future.
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. So I think you're correctly asking us to focus on the United States because our international medical business is not material relative to the size of Henry Schein at all. So again, this has been covered several times in conference calls, but I'll do it again because I'm sure there are a lot of new shareholders on this call. About half a dozen years ago, we undertook a study to figure out -- to try to figure out internally which way the markets would be heading from a Henry Schein point of view with respect to delivery of health care. We actually -- we undertook 2 studies. One is the methodology for delivery of health care and the second is which areas of the office space practitioner, which specialty areas we should focus in on. And I think the conclusions we reached have paid off very nicely for Henry Schein. We concluded on the delivery side that the concept of multiple locations under common management. The industrialization, if you will, of the office-based practitioner would be something that would be accelerating. It's already started a half dozen years ago, unrelated to the Affordable Act, but related to the way providers were being reimbursed by insurance companies and the like. So economies of scale, economies of competency were important already a half dozen years ago. So we established a group that focused on what we internally call upstream sales. These are these larger enterprises and they're all just a little bit different. Many are outgrowths of IDNs or part of IDNs. Many are large group practices, multi-specialty, single specialty. Many are spread out over large geographies and we have established our health care services group to focus on sales in this area. And we believe that we have very good tools, both systems and computer systems and systems around the computer with the right kind of management and team members to focus on the needs of these newer entities. And we believe that this is growingly being recognized in this marketplace. As it relates to the competition, quite frankly, we are focused on our internal business and we are focused on taking market share and not focused on any one specific distributor. Having said that, I think we are ideally positioned to handle these larger enterprises and one should be careful with where the large volume of business is today, which is primarily the smaller practices and that is migrating to the larger practices. So one has to be careful when assessing who the players are as to determining who is better positioned to go after these larger enterprises. That's number one. And number two is, and we'll go into this in more detail if you want, we are focused on certain specialty areas which we believe we are best suited to service, and these specialty areas have characteristics similar to our dental and Animal Health business.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, certainly, the first quarter had significant increase in utilization due to the flu and also due to good weather. But quite frankly, yes, utilization is important to us, but what's more important to us is gaining market share in a rapidly changing market, where we believe, really, we have unique supply chain and system capabilities to help these newer entities manage the cost of supplies used by physicians. We're very excited about this business. Of course we're still investing, but the investments we've made over the last half dozen years have paid off very, very handsomely.
Stanley M. Bergman: So -- good question. Our pipeline for M&A remains quite full. Of course, I could've made that statement each year over the last 17 years. We focused on a careful balance between internal growth and acquisition growth. Can't tell you if and when any deals will close. But in all 3 of our verticals, we are focused on important strategic acquisitions, not necessarily large in size, some are in size, but most importantly on ways in which we can augment either our geographical presence or our product offering presence. As it relates to the change in delivery of health care, on the dental side, I think we have been very well positioned to service the dental management -- the DMOs, the dental management organizations. For -- I think we started our group in that area 17 years or 18 years ago -- this was before we went public -- and have done very well in servicing these large groups. Now there's always competition, of course, but I think our systems, with huge investment and our know-how in this group is quite extensive so I don't think any acquisition will impact us there. As it relates to the medical world, yes, there are ways in which we can expand our footprint, but the investment that we've made in the systems required by these newer enterprises, investments in terms of software and people is what's going to drive the growth over there. Of course, there's always opportunity over there to add some more tonnage through our structure, and that is -- of course, it pays off in terms of driving more volume through a relatively fixed-cost infrastructure. But I think we're well positioned. We will continue to make additions to expand our geography and product offerings as we did in the diagnostic arena in the last couple of years, but actually, nothing that we need to do to address the needs of the changing delivery network system.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think we can expect very similar patterns to the patterns we expected 2 years ago. Our backlog in Germany is quite reasonable and we expect to execute on that in the third and fourth quarter. As it relates to the competition, gosh, I don't know specifically whether they had good shows or not, but I think we got our fair share of business. I think our philosophy of focusing on high tech both in terms of scanners for the X-ray market and in the CAD/CAM area, both in the dentist office and in the lab office, is paying off, and I think that IDS helps give us credibility in that area. The whole area of changes in the dynamics in dentistry through digitalization is a very exciting area. I think we advanced nicely at the Chicago Midwinter show and IDS. We expect to gain very nicely in the fall shows in the U.S. So I think that IDS was very helpful to us from a sales point of view and of course, from a branding point of view.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, you have to break it down into equipment, consumables and geography. And I think you pointed the impacts correctly. If you take equipment in North America, we had a 22% growth, internal growth, in the fourth quarter of last year. We've cautioned everybody on our call, 22% growth in equipment in North America, it's just not sustainable. So it was obvious that we pulled sales from the first quarter, maybe even from the second quarter, into the fourth quarter, primarily related to the 2 tax issues that people thought would change. I will say that low-cost financing -- not that we have anything special, but the interest rates are pretty low right now is good for the equipment environment in general. But I would say that on the -- in the North America side, the equipment change was significant. Also on the consumables side, yes, in North America, the weather was very good and the Easter days, I think, are something that needs to be taken into account and that's important. As it relates to Europe, I would have to say IDS had the biggest impact on German equipment sales, but also, I would have to point out to the fact that the economy in Italy, we pointed this out last call, is deteriorating and we did experience some deterioration in a couple of other markets in Europe, a little bit in Australia. But overall, those are the big trends, I would say.
Stanley M. Bergman: I would say, yes, it had to -- I mean, I think everyone knows the dental market for equipment in North America is growing somewhere in the single digits, high-single digits, mid-single digits depending on which part of the market you're in. So 22% growth, 3.5x or 3x the market growth is not something sustainable.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the local players -- I mean generally, it is 1 or 2 that are particularly strong, but if you x those out, I think they are, in fact, losing market share as a group. And it's very difficult to comment on a specific quarter. I think one should be very careful with that. But overall, the big movements in the markets on the equipment side relate to technology, and I think the smaller companies just don't have the breadth of technological products, whether it's software, whether it's CAD/CAM, sensors, the 3D opportunities and more importantly, connecting them all together. So I think they have a challenge. I'm not going to say that they cannot service individual products and undercut us on price, but I don't think price has ever been the big issue in the U.S. dental market. We keep a very careful eye on those dentists that view price as important. And periodically, there are items such as gloves -- the glove category is going through some price compression now. But -- and we have promotions in certain markets in the different brands to compete in that area. But I would not say that, that's really the biggest challenge. So I don't think the smaller distributors really have an opportunity to compete effectively in the technological race that is going to become even more important as we move from manual impressions to fully digitalized chairside or laboratory impressions and the whole prosthetics arena tying into implants. I just don't think that, that's going to be where the race is going to be won, and I think that the luster of the smaller distributors as a group has been tarnished over the last decade or so.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Jeff. What I think you can safely bet on is that the market is going to have a lot of players. There are 3 major component parts to CAD/CAM. One is the scanner, one is the software and the third one is the mill. On the software, one of our people counted about 200 systems at IDS. Obviously, they're not all going to make it, but there's a lot of new systems -- a lot of new scanners that are going to come out and they will be brought to market in different ways. Sold through distribution like us, handed free of charge by laboratories to customers, and included in a full CAD/CAM system, chairside system that may be sold by 1 or 2 or perhaps now 3 -- or 4, actually, manufacturers. So there's a lot of changes in that side. There will be fewer software companies and lots of milling units that will be available in the marketplace. And how this will all play out we don't know, but what we do know is dentistry is moving rapidly in this direction and there will be greater use of scanned prosthetic capturing devices leading to significant changes in the laboratory environment, where products will be milled digitally rather than only manually. And there will be a lot of activity going on in the office as well. At Henry Schein, we are committed to what we call an open architecture. So we are committed to working with best-in-practice and software and hardware, and our goal is to come up with the best solution, integrated solution, for the scanner, the software and the mill, all tying out to an open architecture with materials and, of course, implants and related activities that are revolving around the implant from a prosthetic point of view. Very exciting. We have many, many definite initiatives going on at Henry Schein, all related to our global prosthetics initiative, and we believe we will continue to grow our business in this area, and a greater amount of our sales will be related to this newer technology on the dental side and in the dental lab arena.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's possible that there is some of that. I've heard a little bit about that from some of the people in organized dentistry. But I don't believe there's any formal data available. I do believe that some larger companies and maybe midsized companies, change their whole medical insurance programs to limit any exposure that might kick in, in 2014 or allow for greater flexibility and therefore, in that context, may have changed elements of dental. So that may have had some impact on visits to dentists in the fourth quarter versus the first, but there's no hard data that I've seen.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. Of course, the biggest part of our business is in the implant arena, and the biggest part of our implant business is the Camlog business in Germany, which did quite well, actually, in the first quarter. We took market share, and we actually grew quite nicely in that marketplace. And so I would say on the implant side, a big part of our business, at least from a sales point of view is in Europe and Germany, and we did quite well. I think on the endodontic side, we also are stable to growing depending on which market, and on the orthodontic side, it's not material to Henry Schein at all. Okay. I think we're being told by Carolynne that we should end our call. Thank you for your interest. Again, I think you can tell by the tone from Steven and myself that we are quite optimistic about our strategies and the state of the business. I think we'll continue to make progress in each of our 3 verticals: dental, medical, Animal Health, as well as in our Practice Solutions, Value-Added Services and financial services group. So I think the strategies are there and we're making good progress. I think we have invested very nicely in those businesses and particularly in management and in the team, and the morale in the company is very high. And I think overall, that's reflective in the good performance. Steven reiterated and so did I guidance for the full year, so at this point in time, we still remain quite confident that we will deliver on the guidance range. The markets are solid with some challenges in the international arena, but I think we will continue to grow market share even in those markets. So thank you very much for your interest today. If you have any further questions, please contact Steven or Carolynne at (631) 843-5500, Carolynne Borders or Steve Paladino, and they can put you through to either one of them. So thank you very much, and look forward to speaking with you in 90 days.
Steven Paladino: So as Stanley said, we did a fair amount of analytics on the impact of those 4 items I discussed at the beginning of the conference call. And so first, let me state, there is a little bit of judgment in determining what the impact is, but we feel very confident that it negatively impacted our sales growth by as much as 2 percentage points on a worldwide basis and slightly more than that on a dental basis because we do believe that some of those items are exclusively dental-related, the strong Q4, 22% sales growth in equipment, things like that. So we do believe that it was approximately 2 percentage points to our internal sales growth, Glen.
Steven Paladino: Yes, the tax rate was actually lower than last year, and we are thinking that somewhere plus or minus 31% effective tax rate for the balance of the year is in line -- it's down a little bit on a year-over-year basis, but again that's because of certain tax planning initiatives that were put in place. So really not a major change there, but slightly down over the prior year.
Steven Paladino: So I don't want to give specifics. We do have an overall stronger equipment backlog on a worldwide basis, so that really lends itself to the IDS comments, which really is weighted towards international. We do think just on your earlier question, Steve, on the consumables, the biggest factor was the timing of holidays, Easter, Passover, Good Friday. All of those holidays negatively impacted Q1 and for the most part, reversed in Q2. But I just need to point out because if you look at all of our business units, dental, medical and Animal Health, all had slight declines in the international markets. And there are certain macroeconomic factors in Europe that are continuing to have an impact in our markets. We think we're doing better than the market, but it really means -- doing better is down less than what the markets are on an average basis.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on your first question, the patient traffic and the comment on stable U.S. dental market is really after you exclude the less selling days and the timing of the holidays because obviously, if you have less selling days that's going to impact. But when you normalize for that, we think the market is stable. And again, if as much as 2 percentage points growth was impacted by these timing differences, it really shows, I think, that those price increases, related to medical device excise tax, are for the most part being passed through by all of the players. With respect to stock comp, stock comp was down a bit the last couple of quarters. There is a little bit of ebbs and flows there because the way our comp program works, it's based on financial results. So if financial results come in higher, the comp goes up a little bit. They come in lower, it goes down a little bit. But I do think it's really going to be at these similar levels going forward, maybe it'll tick up a little bit during the year.
Steven Paladino: Well, so, first, let me just provide a little detail because price increases that we get from our suppliers, there is no separate price increase for medical device excise tax. So if a manufacturer increases their prices 3%, you don't know how much of it is normal price increases for raw materials and other reasons or medical device excise tax. But the analysis that we did at the end of the year and beginning of Q1 was that the price increases on average were greater than prior years and were more broad-based. So we saw more suppliers having higher price increases than in prior years. So that's why we believe that for the most part, and it's a generalization, that those price increases have been sticking. From our perspective, while we always discount a certain amount off of our published pricing, really, there was not any major change in our discount level versus our published pricing. So that's what leads us to believe that the pass-through was, generally speaking, continuing on medical device excise tax.
