Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning and thank you, Carolynne, and thank you all for joining us. We are delighted to report that sales growth during the fourth quarter was particularly strong and we believe we gained market share on an overall basis during the quarter, both here in North America and of course internationally. As we successfully continued our long-standing strategy of organic growth complemented by strategic acquisitions, we are especially pleased with our worldwide internal growth in local currencies for the quarter of 6.5%, which we’re very pleased represents the highest quarterly growth rate in eight years. Adjusted diluted EPS for the quarter was $1.67. This caps off a successful 2015 performance with worldwide local internal sales growth of 5% and adjusted EPS growth for the full year of nearly 10%. And that is of course despite the continued negative impact from the strength of the U.S. dollar.  And looking into this year into 2016, today we are pleased to affirm our guidance for adjusted diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared to 2015 adjusted EPS. There is just no question that our almost 19,000 Team Schein members around the world are working together as a team to execute on our 2015, '16 and '17 strategic plan. The morale on the company’s great and that’s the reason why we have these solid results. So thank you to the team, thanks to our Board, thanks to our customers and our suppliers. In a moment I’ll provide some additional commentary on our recent performance and business accomplishments. But first, Steven, will review our financial results for the quarter and for the year.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, that’s a lot of questions you’re asking and probably the key question for our equipment business today. So, yes, our traditional business has done very well. But let me hasten to point out that in January 2015 we did announce taking on the A-dec line, which we actually brought in around May. We did, I think, do well on the A-dec line. I believe we did live up to the expectations or perhaps even exceeded what was expected from us by A-dec. But let me hasten to say that we did well with our traditional suppliers that have supported us for decades. And in that context, overall, we did well with the traditional equipment. Obviously, adding the A-dec line puts stress on our organization from equipment organization and our field sales consultants from a learning point of view and from a service point of view, learning how to service the equipment and fine-tuning our design capabilities. All of that was well absorbed while maintaining the relationship with our branded manufacturers that have supported us for all these years. So I would say overall, the manufacturers are pleased and our sales organization is pleased. And now I am of course dealing with the United States and Canada. On the digital side and the high-tech side, I believe we made pretty good progress as well. We currently believe we’re selling more than one of three new units in the CAD/CAM space, which is our number one global strategy to advance digitalized prosthetics. We are seeing strong growth in sales of our digital impression solutions with our 3M, 3Shape and PlanScan offerings. Of course, I think you know Henry Schein is committed to open architecture to the extent suppliers provide us with the product. Henry Schein offers multiple brands of digital impression solutions and provides dentists with innovative – what we believe innovative, robust and efficient choices for the schools of dentistry. In addition, we continue to be well positioned, we believe, and have made huge progress in the lab. So when you look at equipment, it’s not only the equipment that is sold to the dentists but to the lab as well. And if you’re in the digital restorations that we outsource – that provides solutions for the digital restorations that our outsourced to lab facilities that we also feel we are doing very well. So it’s the entire spectrum of traditional equipment, including digital imaging, 3D, et cetera, sensors and of course the digital prosthetics that I think we have done very well and we believe overall we have gained market share. Balancing those suppliers that work with us over the years with A-dec and I believe we have satisfied our obligation and more than satisfied our obligation across the board. We are particularly pleased with the level of integration between our practice solutions businesses both at Dentrix and at Ascend, which is the schools business. So, overall, I think we are very pleased with the direction of our equipment business in the United States. You asked specifically about the large accounts. Yes, the top 50 accounts in the United States in our special markets group are very important to us. And we continue to do well in that space. Of course, there is competition, you know about it. Everybody is focused on this but I believe we have very good solutions for these accounts. In addition, our midmarket group, which became quite active in the second half of the year, that’s the group that has multiple locations under common management and generally owned by a dentist versus the very large practices that are generally owned by financial sponsor or – yes, the known public companies, so a financial sponsor. So we are covering both sides of the markets as well as the sort of very big, the midsized and of course the dental schools and other institutions. I believe that continues to do well for Henry Schein. And then internationally, we did well. We were actually very pleased with the fourth quarter in that halo effect of the IDNs continued into the fourth quarter and we believe actually it spilt over into the first quarter. So, overall, our equipment business throughout the world is doing quite well. I could go on and on and on, but I think that’s probably enough.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think the markets are stable. Generally, there could be – one particular market may have a particular advantage from time-to-time because of the tax situation, et cetera. But we think the dental, animal health markets are pretty stable, so I can’t point to anything particular. And of course, the medical market have huge challenges but we are uniquely positioned I think to deal with these huge changes and particularly consolidation, creation of IDNs, insurance companies buying practices, merging into hospitals, et cetera. And I don’t think the market is improving per se but it’s working well for our kind of services.
Stanley M. Bergman: Right. Let me just give you a context and while I’m doing that, Steven can think through the specific numbers. But there are two really component parts to this market. The first is, specialty products per se that are only used by specialists and used by those GPs that are doing specialty procedures. When I’m talking about are oral surgery products, implants, bone regeneration and few have the same product; in the endodontic space, the endo-specific files or related kinds of products and in the orthodontic space, the wires specifically and the brackets and to some end of course the liners, which we don’t really sell. But then in addition to that there are products that specialists purchase such as equipment and consumables and gloves and all surgeons buy pharmaceutical products, et cetera, that we’ve always sold as part of our general core business. And I would say that business always tends to do a little bit better with expensive equipment, like the 3D x-ray, et cetera, because specialists especially need those properties products and second they tend to make more money, so they can afford more specialty products. When we talk about our specialty business, we are referring to not that product – the general products which are part of our core business and nor are we referring to the software in particular that’s part of our software business, but we’re referring to the specialty products like implants, bone regeneration, wires and brackets and files, et cetera in the endo space. And in that space, it’s hard for us to measure how the market is growing because no one compares what we – there’s no like information. With that said, I don’t know if we actually have disclosed the basket in every [indiscernible] but go ahead.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, I’ll leave it up to Steven to answer what’s in the guidance. But we have a decent share of the medical space in the physician and ASC arena. We believe we are number two but we believe we’re growing faster than anyone else. But our market share is relatively small still. So we expect to have good growth and believe we have the right products at this time. We are certainly being called in practically for every single business – there’s a lot of business out there. Everybody is reconfiguring how they want – every provider how they want to service their physicians, their ASCs. We’re in there, we’re bidding, we have a great sales organization and we have terrific GPO and other types of contracts and supplier relationships. And the infrastructure we have is really, really good. So, we have a good product. We have a decent market share, number two, we believe but we believe there’s still a huge market share to go that will be split up over the major competitors of today going forward into the years to come. So, we’re very bullish. But exactly what’s in our guidance, I’ll haul you off to Steven.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, thank you, Steven. And just on the scil side, scil really mirrors what we’re doing on the dental side, medical side where we have great sales organizations for equipment, service installations, design organizations and most importantly interoperability, the ability to connect our practice management solutions to equipment with the goal to have the equipment really be open architecture. And so – or should I sort of say the middle way of being open architecture. So, we have capabilities of connecting software to various devices and scil in our various businesses in dental and medical provides that capability. And we’re very pleased with that team, really are pleased. And now you ask about large animal. Nothing’s never but we don’t think distributing branded pharmaceuticals in mass on a logistics basis for large animals is really the best use of our capital. It’s not too different to us years ago exiting the specialty pharma space where there’s huge amounts of sales available that are relatively large margin. It’s better for the drug wholesalers to do that than for us. So, in the large animal space, we will continue to look for market opportunities. Some countries present an opportunity. For example, in the dairy industry we’re quite active in Ireland and parts of Europe and in particular New Zealand, but as an opportunity the equine area which is not really – I suppose it would be large animals but is not really production animals is an area we’re very interested in and believe we can bring value. And then there are markets like Australia and New Zealand and pieces of Europe where we believe that through our logistics, we add value that others don’t add. And then it will be unique products for the large animals, for example, Kruuse has, scil has, veterinary instruments, our orthopedic business provide. So, we will be more selective to find areas that we could bring value and at great high margin opportunity rather than shipping off masses amount of low margin branded pharmaceuticals.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. So thank you all for your interest. Good questions there. We remain quite bullish on Henry Schein. The morale in the company’s good. We feel strongly about our strategic plans for '15, '16 and '17; are executing on that both from an internal growth point of view and new products point of view, a reallocation of resources including the optimization and external sales through acquisitions. And overall, as I mentioned early on, the company is excellent. So we’ll be back in, I guess, 60 days with a report on the first quarter. Thank you very much.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I’ll just give you one or two quick points for color as you were asking. So when you look at CAD/CAM, we’re continuing to see good growth there, it was a little bit less overall than the 11.5% in North America. But the dynamic that we’re seeing is really very strong growth on scanner only. We’re still seeing full unit sales in addition to that, but there’s been a little bit of a change in the market over the last year or two where customers are beginning to look at scan only to start with and then hopefully in the future they’ll add the milling machines. So that’s been a nice opportunity for us. And the only other point I want to just to add is, A-dec has helped the traditional equipment growth obviously. But the good news is that and Stanley said this I believe is that we haven’t seen it cannibalize other equipment lines. So we really do think that we’re penetrating new customers with the A-dec product lines for the most part. And that’s also good news. That’s not just swapping out other equipment lines.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Absolutely, we believe that sales trends in end markets are showing consistent growth, they’re very stable to growing depending on the specific market. But generally the markets are cooperating. We did see in January that continue, so we did see good organic sales growth in the month of January. So we believe that will continue and we’re hopeful that as the year progresses, maybe there could be a little bit more end market improvement. But right now that’s not baked into our guidance.
Steven Paladino: So I was just going to say that, no, I don’t think – the general answer is I don’t think that there are markets that are showing deterioration at all. It’s hard to measure on a month-to-month basis, John, as you know but sometimes there’s just little anomalies in growth from month-to-month. But the sense is that the markets generally are very consistent and not showing any pullback at all. Stan, I don’t know if you want to --
Steven Paladino: So, Jon, you’re correct. In dollars, it’s over $600 million for 2015, the specialties group. And remember, a fair amount of that revenue is outside the U.S., so you have currency negatively impacting that if you’re coming year-over-year. Where we’re really seeing accelerated growth within the specialties group is primarily on dental implants both domestically in the U.S. as well as outside of the U.S. We are growing faster than the core consumable sales growth, so that’s again part of the strategy and that is continuing.
Steven Paladino: So, Mike, we’re still expecting a strong growth to continue in the medical group. We do have some visibility in that we know what bids are out in the market, we know what bids we’ve been awarded. We can estimate the on boarding of customers. Even when you win a bid though it’s important to note that you don’t immediately start shipping all of that new business to customers. So it may take three to six months to ramp up, but it does have some visibility in being able to look at growth rates. I would say, yes, our expectations are continued strong growth. I would say somewhere in the high single to low double digits is what we’re expecting. And we think again based on the visibility, that’s very achievable.
Steven Paladino: Sure. We did give some detail to that, so if you look at on a full year basis, we were a bit ahead of our goal. I think we have always said – or for this year we were saying somewhere in the 20 to 30 basis points for the full year. And again, excluding restructuring costs, we expanded by 34 basis points for the full year. And again, that’s at the high end or slightly over the high end. So it’s really a combination of things. It’s a combination of a conservative effort to drive towards higher margin sales, it’s partly the restructuring activities kicking in, it’s partly new acquisitions. So there’s a lot of moving parts in it, but all of that is things that we expect that we can continue. So we still feel comfortable at operating margin expansion going into 2016. It’s still an important goal that again we feel that we can achieve going forward.
Steven Paladino: So maybe I’ll take the first part and Stanley can talk a little bit about large animal. So, scil really is much stronger outside the U.S. than in the U.S. But the goal is to expand it in both markets. And it’s not just the scil diagnostics that we’re looking to promote to customers. The scil team also gives us the ability to install, to repair equipment. So it really enables all of the diagnostic and equipment lines not just the specific scil line. So it really should be beneficial to all of our equipment lines going forward. I’ll turn it over to Stanley on the production to animal, but as you know in North America we are predominately companion, maybe a few percentage of our revenues are production. But outside of North America, we do have a significant portion of our revenues that are companion and production. So maybe I’ll turn it over to Stanley for some more color there.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think you summarized it well. It’s hard to believe that in the short time that we had in 2015 that it really had any impact to us. It certainly wasn’t negative. It could have been a very slight benefit but we don’t really think it has much impact. But we do think and we are hopeful that for 2016, it will be a benefit in Q4. This provision actually has been made permanent. So unless Congress decides to repeal it during 2016, it should be available in fourth quarter 2016 and ongoing and the benefit is $500,000 of equipment that qualifies small businesses can be expensed in the year that they buy it. So, again, we think it could be a nice benefit for Q4 of '16.
