Stanley Bergman: Jon, thank you for that question. Let's start with Ron giving you the basics, and I'm happy to fill-in further.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. I think you've covered it quite well, actually. If there are any specifics, Jon, or anyone has with respect to any particular market, any particular sector, I think we could answer that. But that's the broad overview. Thank you, Ron.
Stanley Bergman: So, Jon, that is a very important question. I'm glad you did ask it. Look, our sequential month-over-month reduction of the gap has been quite good. It's going slower. We need to get our field sales force visiting again with smaller customers. They've been focused on the big ones, and that's been pretty good. They need to focus on the smaller ones. And we need to kick our tele sales team back into full action. They had a deal with the fall-out of the cyber incident. There were many issues that had get resolved. Yes, customers were okay, in the end that we resolved it. But our call centers have been very busy. And only in the last couple of the months, actually the last six or so weeks, are they doing outbound calls. So, we are well received. I just happen -- we happen to have an opening of our new distribution business in Texas, and I was with some of our FSCs, our field sales consultants, who had been -- who -- many of them have gone back now for the first time into the smaller accounts and they reported that the customers are very happy to see them. They just wondered why they were not there in the last couple of months. They were not there because people were focused on dealing with the larger customers and the customers that are the better customers, where they buy a bigger market wallet from us. So, we are confident that over time, we will continue to gain market share. We are gaining market share from where we left off at the end of '23. It's going to be hard to split exactly what's market share growth because of general market share growth, effectiveness of the sales force and what's the result of the recovery. But I think overall, we're confident that we'll be able to continue to gain market share. And the question is exactly at what pace? We've given you guidance of what we expect. And that's really the key facts. I mean, there's nothing more we can add to that. We have a pretty good track record, and we expect to deliver. Will we be off a couple of quarters, one way or the other? Hard to give you the exact number. But I think you're asking a very important question.
Stanley Bergman: Jason, again, let Ron give you some thoughts on specifics that have been baked in to the extent we can give you that information baked into our assumptions. But in general, we believe the consumable market in the United States and Canada is relatively stable. Yes, there's been a shift, I think, to more price-conscious opportunities. I don't think that necessarily impacts our gross profit. It may depress our sales slightly. And we believe we can gain market share on the pure distribution of products. Adding to the profitability, I think, continues to be our specialty businesses, in particular, implants, bone regeneration, that's material. And we think we are well-positioned globally in that area. We don't really have exposure to China. We're selling very little there. There's going to be ups and downs there, Asia generally. But the market that we're the strongest in is the DACH region in Europe, and I think we're very well-positioned. We are, I think, well-positioned in the United States, specifically with the implant dentist that is looking for high value, but a branded product. We are hopeful and expect that as the year goes by, this year, we will be able to get some market share in that area. I think, the endodontics not as big as implants, continues to move in a positive direction. And the medical business, yes, there have been some anomalies there, the pharma side, the whole point of care switching between one quarter and another. But I think the movement to the alternate care side, the Ambulatory Surgical Center, the home care, those are all positive, good ways in which for us to sell our own brands. And I think we will recover in that area. We've done okay with the large customers. The smaller ones, the same as I noted in response to Jon's question, we just have to get our sales force in front of more of those smaller customers, our tele sales group, our e-commerce group. I think equipment continues to be an area that we're quite optimistic about in the United States. We did have relatively good equipment growth. There was an anomaly with scanners because of a big sale last year. But generally, we're in positive territory. I think we're gaining market share. We have some challenges on equipment abroad. We have a big market share in France. There has been a bit of an impact there on some legislation. Italy is not so great. Australia will -- we had a challenge this quarter because of some tax benefits that lapsed. I think, as the year goes by, into '25, we will do well in that market. And then, generally, I think, in the equipment market, we'll be okay, we'll grow. There is, I might add, though, a view on pricing. Dentists are looking at value. I think some of the manufacturers have understood this, others are adjusting. But the average unit price may come down slightly, but I think the profit will be fine, specifically, as our clinical workflow initiatives kick in. And on the Henry Schein One side and the value-added services side, I think, those are all going to be contributors to profitability this year and more in '25. So, Ron, I don't know if you have anything that you can share from a macro point of view in your guidance formulation.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jason, first of all, we have never really spoken about specific relationships with Dentsply, but -- because generally, it's not a good idea. But yesterday, I did have a call with the CEO of -- Simon of Dentsply, and we confirmed to each other that our relationship is good. I believe we are the biggest customer. They're one of our biggest global suppliers. We work with them practically in every country; I mean, there's one or two that we don't. And they're very important supplier of ours. The company has had some management changes over the years. Seems like the current management team is in place, understands what needs to get done. I believe that they are working well with our team here, particularly in North America and Canada, also in Europe. It's a bit more complex in Europe, one of the biggest markets for them -- for us. We work well, by the way, I think in Germany, France, Spain, U.K. and Italy too. And, yes, they have committed to adding more sales power to their organization, which can only be helpful to us. They had products, and we'd like to get them in front of our customers. On the other hand, there are other suppliers that have competing products. And we will always do what's best for our customers. But at the same time, we have strategic relationships. I would view them as one of the strategic relationships. We do not have a formal contract with them. I think we have a memorandum of understanding in one way or another. I don't know when it -- whether it expires or not. I haven't -- actually, I was going to look at that. But, in general, it's a good relationship. And we have good relationships with all of our suppliers. And then, I'm sure the next question is selling direct, and that rumor has been going around in dentistry for years. Specialty products are sold direct, implants, orthodontics, to some extent, endodontics. We need to be in a position to offer the entire offering of all those products. We are in that position today where we had gaps, we couldn't get products. We entered into the manufacturing. Those are the specialty products we've discussed. And we're doing well. And like in any industry, there's owned brand, corporate brand products. And where manufacturers are ready to provide good pricing that meets the customers' needs, we're happy to take the manufacturers' products in, where we need to have a private corporate brand. We have that, like in any industry. And in general, I think we have good relationships with our suppliers. As it relates to their specific issue with a specific distributor, that's not for us to comment. So, I'm trying to be as transparent as possible.
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Elizabeth. Implants. So, the easiest, the purest, would be Europe. And the biggest market for us is DACH. That is Germany and Austria, and a little business in Switzerland. In general, we continue to do very well. We have a complete line. We have an outstanding sales force, built over many years. We have what's needed. We are not the biggest player in Europe yet on -- in Germany on bone regeneration, but we're growing very nicely. We only enter that market about three years or four years ago. But on implants, we're doing very well and continue to expect to do well. And in the other European markets, we will continue, I think, to do well. But we have relatively small market share, except in France, where we're the number one player. And with all the challenges in France. And just because you're asking such a specific question, I will answer, but generally, we're not going to provide specific information on specific countries, but we are growing in France. Biotech is growing organically and doing quite well with its implants. I think they are the number one. So, Europe is the easiest, the purest. As it relates to Latin America, our S.I.N. new joint venture, although it's viewed as acquisition growth, continues to gain market share. Fortunately, they were not hit by the sad situation in that part of Brazil that got a lot of rain, but overall, it's doing well. The BioHorizons part of the equation is a bit challenged because of a couple of the countries of instability in Latin America, but they were not a participant, really, in the Brazil market. And our view to Latin America is primarily through S.I.N. As it relates to the U.S., until last year, we were gaining significantly in market share. Our sales were good. This year, the market is a little bit frozen for us because of our introduction, our customers, our sales force are aware of the new product. We were supposed to get it around March, April, but we got the FDA approval in the middle of June. It's going to take a little time to fire up, but we're quite confident that we will do well in -- with our new product, which I think is also well received by DSOs, whether they are BioHorizons DSOs or Henry Schein DSOs. Bringing the S.I.N. product into the U.S. will also be helpful. So, we did go backwards in terms of our sales, but I'm not sure in terms of market share in the United States, it's hard to tell. Data is not readily available. We do extremely well in the bone regeneration field in the United States. Canada is kind of flattish. And just off of top of my head, that's where we are. And I'm quite happy and confident with the progress we're making in the implant arena as well as the biomaterials arena.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, John. Generally, our large customers have come back. We have one large customer that just came back for the pharmaceuticals, hasn't come back for the medsurg, although I think, the practitioners are going to ask why. On the other hand, we've picked up some larger customers along the way. So, it's a give and take. The area is not the large customers. I think, we're doing okay there. We're doing okay with the ASCs. In fact, I think we're doing very well with ASCs. We're growing. It's these smaller practices, the derms, that are in private practice, the aesthetic people in private practice, the ones where our sales people just have not had the time to go back, and our tele sales people have been mostly focused, in-bound, but are now being focused externally, too. Excuse me. So, overall, I think, the recovery is good. It's not what as fast as we wanted. There is some depression, as we noted in the price of injectables. As the market moves generic, I think, there's a movement also to corporate brands in medical, and the whole point of care diagnostics flips from one quarter to another, including flu vaccine shipments.
Stanley Bergman: Let me -- Ron, thank you. Let me just add one other thing. The larger accounts are growing at a faster rate than the very small ones. The larger ones are more conscious of alternative brands where they can get better pricing. As I noted early on, it's not bad for our gross profit, it's actually quite good. So, just because large customers are growing at a faster rate than the smaller ones, alternate options of brands are featured to a greater extent in the buying patterns of our large customers. And this is shifting to certain manufacturers or to manufacturers that are prepared to give price discount for large contracts, larger contracts. And it does depress our sales a little bit, but it's certainly good for gross profit. Okay. Is that it? Yes. So, we are now four minutes late. Let me end by thanking everyone for participating. I realize it is a complex quarter from a math point of view. Ron, Graham, Susan are ready to meet with you. Of course, I will make myself available as well. The business is solid. It's been that way for decades. Have we had bumps along the way? Yes, we had. We had the cyber incident. Before that, we had the COVID period. Like 2008-'09, we had some challenges also because of the economy. Doesn't feel like it's as bad this time. But we have to make sure that we respond accordingly. Although our sales are not where we wanted them to be from the economic point of view. I think, there is a little bit more shopping on price. I don't think it's between us necessarily our competition between brands. We can, I think, cover that well, whether it's on the consumables or the equipment side. And we just have to make sure that our expense structure matches our gross profits, so that we can continue to grow gross profit and continue to grow our operating profits. We're pretty good at executing on this. Will we get it right by month? I'm not sure. I don't think so. But we will get it run right in the medium term, long term. We feel confident in the business. We felt very good about our strategic direction. We will give you more information on the '25 to '27 strategic plan, which has been finalized. It's not a change, but it's going to be an emphasis. It may be a lightning up of certain parts of the business and a heavy emphasis on other parts. We'll give you that information. But we're pretty comfortable with the business. We're very pleased with our senior management team, our management team in general. And again remain optimistic. We gave you our best ideas on where Company is going from a mathematical point of view. And this team has delivered in the past and we're very comfortable that it's the same team, lots of succession, but the team in place has been around for a while. Many functions removed because of retirement. People moved up. Ron, Graham done a good job in that area and in the businesses in general. So, I thank you again, and the team is ready to take questions. Just reach out to them and they will schedule time with you. Thank you very much, everyone.
Ronald South: Certainly. Hi, Jon. The -- from midpoint to midpoint, we came down 4 points, right, but it is -- the math works to approximately what you have enumerated. If you -- going back and thinking about our original guidance and our -- even our amended guidance on sales from the first quarter, our Investor Day assumption go back 1.5 years ago was that long-term growth for dental was about 2% to 4% in terms of market growth. And our assumption this year was at the low-end of that range. And, of course, part of that growth would be coming from anticipated price increases as well. As we've progressed through the year, our view has shifted to more flat year-over-year market growth, which still reflects stable patient traffic environment. And I think others in the industry have even indicated flat to negative growth in the market, right? As the pricing itself has also remained fairly flat to the prior year and we see customers are frequently moving to some lower cost options, including our own corporate brand in some cases, which in general is positive for us from a gross profit perspective. Those conditions, and you couple it with the Company specific challenge of recovering from the cyber incident, which have been delayed, but are still showing sequential growth quarter to quarter, are the primary drivers to the reduction in our sales guidance, right? So, the fundamentals of the business remain intact. We believe we are once again gaining market share, working our way back to pre-incident market share and we expect that to continue over the balance of the year.
Ronald South: Yes, Jason, I will say, too, you were kind of talking about balance of year and then kind of going into '25. We have announced a new restructuring initiative. We do expect, as you inferred, that we will get some benefits this year. I mean, that -- we can take some immediate actions that will provide some short-term benefits for us, as -- in this quarter as well as next quarter. There will be, I'll call them kind of other more complex actions that I think will take us over the course of 2025 to complete. I think it's important to note that as we -- we've done a lot of building under the B of our BOLD+1 strategy in the last year or so, 1.5 years, and there's going to be some integration opportunities there. And something that might fly under the radar a little bit this year is that we've also invested this year a little over $200 million in buying out shareholder partners in certain subsidiaries where we had a minority partner. And this kind of increased ownership also provides us with very good opportunities to combine certain operations, further leverage our One China approach with customers. And so, but those, as you can appreciate, are a little more complex, not the kind of thing you can do overnight. So, those will likely spill into '25 for some time. But that's the -- that's part of the plan, and that's -- and we've baked that into the balance of the guidance what we think we can achieve this year. And then, when we provide '25 guidance, we'll be able to address that.
Ronald South: Yes. I mean, specifically, Elizabeth, I'll address the distribution businesses first, because I think that's probably of the most interest to people. We have experienced from Q1 into Q2 growth in our distribution businesses as we recapture some market share. As we said before, that recapture has not been as high or as at the pace that we had originally desired. But we are recapturing share and that has continued into July and we expect it to continue for the balance of the third quarter and then, of course, into the fourth quarter as well. So, that's with distribution. I think with the other products, it's a -- they can be a little choppier. You get into the kind of the European holiday season now with distribution there. But I would say within the -- especially within the U.S. distribution business, we feel very good about the ongoing trends there.
Ronald South: No, I mean, we are taking a look at the run rate on corporate brands, John, it is considered in our guidance. It's a little difficult to talk to it in broad terms, because we are still seeing a little bit of price pressure on gloves, and gloves is a very important Company brand for us. So -- but outside of gloves, we're seeing relatively good demand because there is -- there does seem to be a greater kind of consciousness around costs in the customer base right now.
Ronald South: Hi, Dane, it's Ron. It's -- this is where it gets a little fuzzy because it is difficult to assess. Like you said, we -- based on [indiscernible] and based on other data we had, you get a feel for the, so-called, recovery from cyber. Those customers are very sporadic though, they're very episodic with their purchasing habits. And some that you recapture, you might not see again for a while. Then you get somebody else. So, they have not been as consistent. And that's where it gets kind of difficult to put a number behind the actual percentage of recapture there. For us, it's important that we not only focus on recapturing our old customers, but also gaining other new customers. So, the focus of the business really is on gaining market share, whether it be former customers or new customers. That's really the focus of the business, as it should be, under the just ordinary course of business. In terms of what we're seeing in dental and medical, I would say that the effect has been -- is relatively the same across the two. I don't think it's slightly -- it could be a little more accentuated with dental, but I would say it would only be slightly more in terms of that, so called, recapture rate. And again, we have to use a lot of assumptions to determine what is that real recapture rate, right? And I forgot the last part of your question. You had a three-part question.
Ronald South: Yes. So, in terms of the back half guide, it does -- we expect to maintain the momentum we have in terms of recapture of market share, although, again, not at the pace we had originally anticipated. But we anticipate regaining -- and gaining market share into Q3, into Q4, and that'll help drive some of that increase. We also expect the back half of the year to be better in specialty. We have the new product launch in North America on the implant. So, we also -- we do expect specialty to be better. And we expect the technology business to bounce back a little better in the second half as well. So, all of those would be contributors to that. In terms of your question around brand, I do think that the -- we are seeing -- like I said, we see some move towards corporate brands. Those are better margins for us. It doesn't quite show up on the top-line, so it does help contribute a little bit to some of that gross margin favorability you see out there.
