Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone. And of course, thank you very much for joining us today. We are most pleased to report record second quarter financial results as we continue to execute on our key strategies. Strengthening demand in the global Dental and Medical markets drove strong year-over-year increases in sales versus the prior year when a significant number of dental and medical practices suspended activity because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Notably, compared with pre-COVID-19 data, environment of the second quarter of 2019 to be specific, Henry Schein's worldwide internal sales in local currencies increased by 15.2%. So if you go back to the second quarter of 2019, you will see that Henry Schein's worldwide internal sales growth in local currencies increased by 15.2% in 2021, again, compared to 2019. We are also pleased with operating margin expansion that reflects a favorable product mix as well as operating expense leverage. As we continue to invest in our business to supplement solid organic growth, we completed several acquisitions during the second quarter of 2021 across the dental and Technology and Value-Added Services businesses with aggregate annual sales of approximately $60 million. Our capital allocation strategy also includes share repurchases as a means to deliver value to our shareholders. Steven will provide greater detail on the approximately $113 million spent in the second quarter as part of our Board-approved share repurchase authorization. While the number of new COVID cases has risen in certain geographies, to date, we have not seen a material impact on patient traffic. Rather, practice visits have continued to improve as offices are generally open. Data for the end markets we serve points to continued global improvements as economies recover across the globe. The most recent American Dental Association data shows current patient traffic at 88% of pre-pandemic levels, which we believe may underrepresent volume in certain practices. We've also seen other industry survey reports that show practice volumes either consistent with or slightly better than pre-pandemic levels. I will also note that Henry Schein One billings associated with dental claims processing are currently above the 100% pre-pandemic levels, in line with increased restorative and dental specialty procedures which are driving greater practice purchases. So the overall global market recovery and our improving financial results have continued. We believe dental patient traffic in the U.S., Australia and New Zealand is close to or above to 2019 levels. And we are also seeing improving patient traffic in Canada, Europe, Brazil and Asia, with higher numbers in certain specific European countries. That said, end markets in certain geographies continue to face challenges due to the ongoing pandemic. Patient traffic in the United States physician offices and ambulatory surgical centers is improving as we approach more normalized practice operations. With solid execution in the first half of 2021 and a favorable outlook for the remainder of the fiscal year, today, we are raising our guidance for 2021 non-GAAP diluted EPS from continuing operations to be at or above $3.85. Let me stress, this is representing a floor for the fiscal 2021 year. So we continue to monitor any potential impact to our business as a result of COVID-19, particularly as certain U.S. states and some international geographies are experiencing an uptick in diagnosed cases, especially among those unvaccinated. And we're, of course, optimistic that the vaccination rate will go up. With these opening comments, I'd like to hand the call over to Steven to discuss our quarterly financial performance and provide more detail on our guidance. Then I'll be back to provide additional commentary on the current business conditions in our markets and our thoughts going forward. So Steven, please.
Stanley Bergman: Sure, Steven. Thank you, John. A very important question. Let me just be clear that this relates to 1 sector and relates to U.S. manufacturers, 3 in particular, manufacturers of units, chairs and lights. Firstly, we are seeing strong demand for general equipment or equipment in general. And these particular manufacturers of these chairs, units and lights are experiencing significant demand, firstly, because of the elevated demand, but also because a manufacturer in this particular sector left the market. We are not experiencing any significant shortages in terms of supply on imaging equipment. In fact, we're doing okay in particular with 2D. There is no issue with delivery of CAD/CAM equipment at all, whether it's the scanners or the mills. And there are no issues with handpieces, for example. Sterilizers, available, may not be every brand in every quantity. But generally, that's fine. Again, I do want to stress that when looking at equipment sales, please take a couple of quarters into account and don't look at 1 quarter in particular. And as I pointed out, this is a U.S. issue. Canada seems to be doing okay. And Europe is fine, too. And Australia and New Zealand business, which is quite active in equipment, also has an adequate source of product.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the inflation side, we have experienced some inflation on branded supplier products, of course, due to raw material shortages and increase in labor. We've seen some price increases in PP&E products. Well, those seem to be moderating now. Our private label is seeing some price inflation. We expect that this will moderate. Companies are getting back into full swing, have a lot of overtime they're incurring to catch up. So I think there's going to be some inflation. I think it's going to moderate, number one. Number two is we are passing a lot of this on to our customers. But where we see this as a short-term issue, we're not doing that. So we're not super worried, but there is some pressure here due to the supply chain not quite being back to where it was in 2019. Container costs are up. As I said, overtime is being incurred by manufacturers. So I don't think it's alarming at this point. And if it were sustained, we, of course, pass it on to our customers, but also work with manufacturers to contain this increase in costs.
Stanley Bergman: That's a very good question. There is clearly a shift to digital dentistry. We've called this out for years now. I'm not saying it is a standard of use to use a scanner, but it's close to it. And I think in certain practices, value practices, say, and higher-value practices, I think the public is expecting scan only. They've heard about scan only from friends and relatives. So we are moving clearly in that direction. There's still a huge number of dentists that don't have scanners. And there are also a number of scanners - dentists that have scanners that have an older version. So there is quite a movement towards scanners. And I think dentists are investing in these scanners right now. We are comfortable that these scanners will, at some point, turn into full chairside, including CAD/CAM, in other words, adding a mill maybe a couple of quarters out, because dentists have a lot to spend money on now. But clearly, the chairside - clearly, the scanner is getting a lot of focus now. And I think it's going to be the case for the foreseeable future. And the full mill program will also gain momentum. Now we, of course, sell a number of major brand scanners and are growing with all our major brand scanners that are 1 or 2, 1 in particular that has a significance to actually market share from our point of view. They are all doing well. And there are fewer manufacturers of the machines, the chairside mills. And there, I think the market share relative between the 1 and the other of the 2 major ones we sell is about stable. The other area where we're seeing quite a bit of activity is with dental labs. We are the largest provider of dental laboratory products in the world and labs are clearly digitalizing as well. So we're quite optimistic about this category, and I wouldn't read anything into this particular quarter. This particular quarter, we happen to have a very strong quarter in scanners. But I wouldn't view that as any kind of negative outlook on full chairside mills - systems with mills.
Stanley Bergman: No, no, no. On the contrary, our equipment business was very strong. Our backlog both in the United States or in North America and internationally is very strong. There is a bit - as I noted, there's 1 manufacturer that left the market in chairs, units and lights. That capacity had to be filled. Plus there is a demand in product. Dentists are investing in their practices. And so I see this as a demand increase coupled with a void that had to get filled, in particular with chairs, units and lights. But I wouldn't read anything else beyond that. And we are very, very comfortable with our equipment business, which is doing quite well with small practices, midsized practices and, of course, with the DSOs that are also investing heavily. So I won't read more into that than that. I'm referring to chairs, units, lights doing well. The imaging doing well, in particular, the 2D. And on CAD/CAM, at least for the last quarter, the scanners did well compared to the full. But I think, overall, the full will also pick up. And in Europe, we are not experiencing these supply chain issues and our equipment business is quite strong, again, with backlog, good backlogs in both the domestic and global markets. The equipment business is doing quite well.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I don't have any specific projections in front of me. I don't know, Steven, whether we disclose this kind of information. But generally, 2 things. One is please understand that equipment sales can be lumpy, number one. But number two is dental equipment purchases and demand in the markets we're in is quite solid. You do reference Brazil. We did exit a part of the equipment market in Brazil. Essentially, we defocused certain manufacturers and have added other manufacturers. That was a 1- or 2-quarter issue. And our Brazil equipment are now, although not significant in the context of Henry Schein as a company, is doing quite well. But overall, I would say our equipment market is doing well. Dentists are investing in their practices. They want their practices to look and feel modern. Interest rates are helpful. Of course, when you look at all these numbers, you have to take into account tax situations. Who knows what exactly what is going to be the tax situation at the end of the - for the fourth quarter of 2021 in the United States? But generally, I would look at the trend and the trend for equipment sales domestically, Canada, mix up. North America and internationally is quite solid all around. And this particular supply chain issue will be dealt with. And these are quality manufacturers who will deal with the issue. And I expect to continue to see solid equipment growth in all categories going forward.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. Thank you, Carolynne. Thank you, Steven. Thank you all for participating. I think you've got the tone of the call, and that is, we feel very good with the progress we're making. Our strategies are being implemented. I wouldn't say every strategy is exactly the speed we want. But there are parts of the business that are exceeding expectations. And we're very optimistic about the future. I believe we have a very good management team in place. The strategies are good. We are putting the final touches to our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. I would say more or less in line with what we've been focused on for the past few years. Of course, we had, like everyone, a bump in the road in 2020. But I would say largely recovered from that. Although I think it is important, as Steven outlined, to be aware that we are in the midst of a pandemic. So once that concern dissipates, I think we can even be more optimistic. But overall, the business is doing well. We're performing on our strategies. Management is highly motivated. The team, in general, is motivated. And the dental markets have recovered to a very large extent. And the medical markets, almost there. So we believe that the growth in the ultimate care sites, from our point of view, is the right place to be, and that's what we're focused on. And we're putting our capital to work, I think, in an intelligent way, splitting it between investments and stock repurchase. The business is throwing off a lot of cash. So quite optimistic, and thank you for your interest. Of course, Steven and Carolynne would be happy to answer specific questions. I think our investor website has more information as well. So thank you, and look forward to an update 3 months from now. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Yes, John. We do believe that there is opportunity for a little bit of gross margin expansion. We did have some small inventory adjustments during the quarter. And I think everyone knows that supplier rebates is also lower than normal. So I would see an opportunity for some modest gross margin expansion for the balance of the year. And that will be driven by the elimination, again, of inventory adjustments completely as well as a favorable mix as the higher gross margin businesses are growing faster than the others.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me see if I have it handy. I don't think I did give it on the call. You know what, I don't have the exact number, Jeff, but the medical international business is very small. So it's very similar, the global number, to the North American number. But I don't have the specific number handy.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me check. I thought you were referring to Medical, my mistake, sorry. Hold on. Yes. So the North America compared to Q2 2019, the total was 11.5%, and excluding PPE and COVID-related products was 4.8%.
Steven Paladino: Well, we're not really projecting a significant falloff. But there's a lot of uncertainties, a lot of moving parts. Similar to what we did in Q1, we gave a floor that we increased. We increased it $0.15 this quarter. I think there's opportunity for us, with the momentum of the business, to do much better than the floor. But right now, again, because of all the uncertainties, that's the way we're approaching it, Jeff. We see very good momentum in the business. But there's still a fair amount of uncertainties, that's why we're preparing it the way we are. And hopefully if things continue, you'll see us continue to raise the floor if things continue well.
Steven Paladino: That's okay, Jon. Yes. So I think you're looking at it the wrong way. We're not saying we're going to hit the floor. We expect to be ahead of that. So to do all your analytics at the floor, I think, is the long approach. What we just haven't said is how much above the floor we expect to be, and we haven't done that because, again, of all the uncertainties that are out there. So again, I would caution you not to do the analysis the way you're doing it and just to take the floor as the balance of the year, because we do expect to be above the floor, but we just haven't quantified how much at this point.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I'll answer the first question, and then I'll turn it back to Stanley. Nathan, for the acquisition impact on Q2, negatively impacted our operating margin by 16 basis points. And I think people, just to remind people, the quarter you do acquisitions, you have deal costs, which drags the earnings. Plus typically, we don't get synergies immediately. It takes us generally a few quarters to get synergies and to improve the profitability of the acquired companies. But the impact was negative 16 basis points for the quarter.
