Stanley Bergman: Glen, I think equipment, one has to be a little bit careful in viewing it precisely quarter-to-quarter. You've got to look at it directionally. And directionally, the Equipment business is bouncing back. The digital is doing well. But also, the traditional business is doing quite well.  And you have to also take into account that we are no longer exclusive for BIOLASE and that over time, we probably will diversify our offering of labels. So when you take that into account and you back that out, the positive growth, although not quite at the level of the Consumable business, was quite good. The Consumable business, I might hasten also to point out, was somewhat impacted by the bad weather. So that's -- the momentum really is even a little bit better. But if you take the 2 in context, we remain quite optimistic about the Equipment business, and we see some enthusiasm having returned to dentists looking at equipment. And in the U.S., we expect them, at least at this point in time assuming things remain stable in the worldwide economy, to continue to start buying a bit more. And we're quite optimistic, although cautiously optimistic, with respect to equipment sales for the year.
Stanley Bergman: Well, I think we noted a little bit in the earlier remarks 2010 was a particularly low internal growth quarter primarily because of the comparable growth to the previous year when we had a lot of sales in food-type products. If you'll recall, there was a flu scare in 2009. So 2010 was quite low. But if you take 2010 and you take 2011 you average them out, you'll see about a 6% average growth. And I think that's kind of more or less where we're heading, the scope of acquisition growth in there. But low single digits is probably where we're heading directionally. And that is ahead of the markets. And so we believe that we'll continue, as we have for many years, to be gaining market share in the Physician business. This is a pure quarter.  There's no real adjustment for businesses that we got out of, as they have been in many of the previous quarters of the medical side. So I think low single digits is directionally where we're headed in the medical side, and that positions us to gain market share. On that side, there are 2 major focuses. One, of course, is the standalone practices. But then the other part are the emerging multiple practices under common management-type operations, and I think we're ideally positioned for that given our centralized distribution model, which I think is more geared towards that than perhaps some of our competitors.
Stanley Bergman: I don't know if it's 100% correlation between our performance in the market and physician utilization. I think we are doing well in some of the larger group practices, as I noted, and these are multiple locations under common management or bigger practices emerging. I think we're doing better in some of the areas, specialty areas. A little bit of rebounding there. And generally, I think we're taking market share. So there is a little bit of inflation here because of commodity prices. And generally, we've been able to pass that on to our customers. So I think that utilization has gone down, it's not gone up. We think In the dental world, the momentum on utilization is probably -- and these are all intuitive and directionally we think that the utilization, dentistry has a little bit better increase than in the medical side. And I think it's what we're doing internally that is helping us grow market share.
Stanley Bergman: I think I mentioned this, but we saw good growth on the traditional side, there's a bit of a bounce back there, and on the digital x-ray side.
Stanley Bergman: Larry, it's hard to give you a precise growth rate by quarter for any one of our businesses. But I have to tell you I could just go on my gut reaction, my experience, my feel. I've been attending Henry Schein national sales meetings for a long, long time, and I have to tell you the momentum and the morale at our Animal Health meeting was terrific. And people believe they're on the winning team. People only spent less than a year on internal stuff. But usually, on the acquisition and merger of this size, a couple of years.  So I would the morale is good. I would say that from a smaller practice point of view, we are gaining some market share there, and we're adding Henry Schein products to the mix. And we think that we will continue to grow our market share. There are a couple of new products coming out or have come out. There's a little bit of a threat from generics in one area. But overall, we're quite optimistic. I think our budget is a little less than the numbers we're showing, so we have to be cautiously optimistic. But the view that we have today is in line with the view that we had on the last call where we felt the integration was behind and now we should focus on sales. And so we've made some real important acquisitions in the software space.
Stanley Bergman: We have to bring those companies together. They're doing well. They are the leaders. And half the -- the United States use us, and we have to build a collaboration between the software people. And, of course, salespeople, all suffered down in Dental in the past. And we're quite optimistic. This is stuff we've done before. We've got a good management, good management. And we're quite optimistic. But I can't give you -- I'd love to give you a precise feel on the growth rate. But we don't think it's going to be much less. And directionally, we think we're going to continue to gain market share.
Stanley Bergman: Let's deal the Astrotech. We don't normally comment on acquisitions or non-acquisitions -- so I think we should leave it at that. But if you look at the Astrotech property, there's a lot more in there than implants. But we don't normally comment on the way they're bidding for a property or not. But what I will say is, and we've said this now for a while, our focus is to advance our position in the specialty area. And it's in that context that we're looking to provide more of a complete offering to specialists. I think we've done very well providing GPs with practically everything they need, and for specialists, we have a great offering for part of what they need. We, through our strategic plan thinking, are going to provide a more holistic approach to the specialists, providing everything they need under one stop, from the software to, of course, the basic consumables and equipment and for the specialty products that they need.  So if you look at the oral surgery part, which is the part that relates to implants, you will see that we've invested resources in both regeneration products through the relationship we have with Ace. There is the relationship with Camlog. And we will be adding additional focus. We brought on board John Cox, a very seasoned sales executive from the implant area, and he is going to be helping, Jim Breslawski,  Who is our President, and Lonnie Shoff, who is the President of our Specialties business, advance our specialties area in general. And we will continue to focus on expanding the growth of Camlog. Camlog, I think, was one of the few large implant companies that did well during the recessionary time. I can report that Camlog sales growth in the U.S. is really very good. That's off a small base. But I think finally, after several years, we've cracked the formula for growing implant sales in the U.S. So Camlog is doing extremely well in Germany and in a number of other markets. We will focus on expanding the Camlog business in other markets. And in the U.S., as I noted, we have a lot of momentum.  We will add a specialty executive to focus on Europe in the next 3 to 6 months, probably 3 months, and we are quite focuses and quite optimistic about gaining market share in general with specialists on a holistic offering of the wide better range of products. And this is a strategy that we have tested now for the last several years in different component parts, and we'll be ready in the near future, certainly by the end of the year, to roll out a program, a holistic program, for specialties in the endo orthodontic oral surgery/implant areas.
Stanley Bergman: Lisa, this is sensitive area for competitive reasons, not from an investor point of view. From an investor point of view, you can be sure that the return on investment here is quite good. We have done very well in this area on the dental side. We continue to do well. I think we continue to deliver value to our dental customers way beyond what anyone else does. And it's our full intention to do exactly that on the medical side. And, of course, you know that we do that through Butler Schein as well.  So the big customers, I think, is Schein's specialty, and It's an area we will continue to focus on. We will to do well for our shareholders, but I believe we will do very well for the customers in that area and provide very good value. I think our methodology -- remember Schein came out of pharmaceutical industry where the whole GPO movement started. So our methodology, our management thinks this way. So I would say to you that this is good for our -- this particular aspect is good for our shareholders and good for our customers.
Stanley Bergman: I think we really have to be very careful being that precise in telling you what our sales is going to be in the third quarter. We can't -- for second quarter, we can't do that. But I think if you read the script, I think you'll see that we remain quite optimistic about our International business, which has 3 components: Animal Health is in good shape; the Provet acquisition being added; the Medical business in Europe is very small; and the Dental business in Europe, we continue to be the most important player in the German market. And Germany continues to be important for us; and we had a very good IDS. I cannot tell you the products we shipped precisely in the second quarter or third quarter, but I think for those that participated in the meeting, you would have noticed that there were lots of orders taken. Schein booth was very full. Our backlog is quite good. And I think our business -- if you want to go a little bit further than Germany, and Austria is quite good. And Benelux is quite good. France is quite good. Italy is doing well. U.K. is a challenge and so is Spain.  But on balance, they're doing well. And I think we've noted in the past that Australia had a very strong 2010 because of tax stimulus. So that will depress the numbers slightly in 2011, but our market share remains strong in Australia. So overall, we remain optimistic about the International business. But very hard to give you a snapback definition for the first and second quarter of 2011.
Stanley Bergman: Steve will respond to the minority interest calculation. As far as M&A, our strategy since we went public, I think 61st quarter now, 62nd, has been to have a good mix between internal growth and acquisition growth. We continue to have that as a core part of our strategic plan going forward. There are still lots and lots of opportunities, actually more opportunities than we have the capacity to close on. Closing is not necessarily limited by financial resources but internal management, integration and other site capabilities. So we can't tell you exactly what quarter we'll close on deals, but we continue to expect to grow our business both in terms of products we're already selling, additional products focused on the office space, dentist, veterinarian and physician and entering into new geographies.  So product expansion, new geographies in the products that we're in today present a huge opportunity for us, and that's both in acquisitions and in joint ventures. I think we have the management team to implement a lot more, and we will execute closings in a disciplined way in terms of financial return but also in terms of strategic intent. And so you can expect to see acquisitions continue, but it'll be very difficult to pinpoint quarters.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, maybe the low single digits was -- I kind of spoke too quickly there. I mean, when I say low single digits, I think you can expect us to grow beyond the markets. And I think it's closer to the middle than the low on the single digits. And really, we're now getting into a little bit to the size of the pen [ph] you've got, but I think our team, our senior team on the medical side are quite optimistic specifically as we're doing some of our bigger -- as we're performing some of our bigger accounts and even the growth in market share with the smaller accounts. And so I think the market will grow taking into account -- a little bit you have to take into account the impact on commodities, will they go further up, will they come down, are they switching to generics or not.  But in terms of units, I think we're in a stable to growth area from a Henry Schein point of view, and I think we're ahead of the market. So I don't want to get -- it would be very difficult to get into dialogue with a 2%, 3% or 4%, 5%, but it's -- there is a growth rate that puts us ahead of the market, I think.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Jeff, I think you can, I mean, we can all expect that the directional area for equipment will continue as we have been growing in the past year. The Dental large equipment backlog, which consists of traditional equipment, BIOLASE and Cone Beam at the end of 2011 was up from prior year. I think it was something like 6% or so, and we are getting rather fine here. So I just want to try to provide directional information and not get too precise because it's very hard to predict firstly the quarter. In addition, the backlog at the end of the first quarter was up from the fourth quarter. So I think these are all indications that the market is recovering. Yes, there is some inflation here, but I think mix is more important than inflation. I think the good news is that we're feeling a lot better on traditional equipment than we've felt perhaps in the last, I don't know, 6 quarters.  Digital x-ray continues to do well. I think the momentum for the year should be good. I think the whole CAD/CAM section in dentistry is growing. And so we're feeling quite good about the dental market. Precisely when sales come is always a little bit difficult on equipment. I think you know this as well, IDS is an extremely successful show by any measurements: by product category, new introductions, new to the buyers. And generally, I think on equipment, with the exception perhaps of the U.K. and Spain and maybe a little bit -- and Australia where we really had a big run-up, I think the global equipment market has very positive attributes right now. And so I think that bodes well in aggregate for Henry Schein.
Stanley Bergman: We've had informal discussions with them. Right now, best I could tell is that they still like the property, they still believe there's good growth prospects for the company. So they have the ability to put, you're correct Bob, at this time, and that would be for 20-something percent of the ownership of Butler Schein. But again based on what they're saying that right now they feel good about the property and they want to continue to hold it. I think the notice period is at least 90 days, but I have to really doublecheck that. But like I said, that's what they've been telling us, that they like it and have no short-term interest on putting.
Stanley Bergman: I think they're very happy. And it seems to me that they investing alongside us in the software businesses that we just acquired indicates they're happy with the space. They contribute at the board level, and overall, their joint venture with the Ashkins [ph] and Oak Hill now and a very strong management team is directionally heading in the right way.
Stanley Bergman: Ladies and gentlemen, Steven, thank you. Thank you all for calling in. Thank you, Susan. Of course, if you have any additional questions, Steve can be reached at (631) 843-5500, and Susan at same but 5562. And we look forward to updating you in another 60 days.
Stanley Bergman: 90 days. And yes, this is a normal quarter, so we look forward to that. And, of course, as you can tell from our remarks, we remain quite optimistic about Henry Schein. The morale of the company is good. Lots and lots of opportunities. And execution in general is going quite well. So we look forward to having good news again in 90 days. Thank you.
S. Paladino: Yes, Steve don't very much of the foreign exchange end. So that -- on expansion of group practices, yes, there is a movement towards 1 or 2, 3 practitioners going to 3, 4, 5. There's a movement to larger practices becoming even bigger, and there's a movement towards hospitals acquiring practices. Now there is a lot written about that, and if you can follow, as I'm sure you do, all the various conference. I mean, a lot of that is taking place. There's a lot of debates. But I don't think it's a wholesale movement. But it is a movement. And Henry Schein is ready to work clearly in that area. We have, I think, close to 100 people, maybe a few more, focused on that part of the business. And there are salespeople, back office people, formulary people, GPO people and the people that are working GPOs. It's complex. It's a shift. It's a movement. We think we have actually the best solution today in the marketplace for those kinds of customers. And so profitable business. And we do well, but I think we deserve to do well because we provide very good services in that area.
S. Paladino: Yes, just let me briefly answer the foreign exchange question before the next question comes on. So first, the foreign exchange impact to our EPS this quarter was really very nominal. It was slightly positive, less than $0.01 per share for Q1 this year versus Q1 last year. However, versus our internal budgets and guidance, there is an opportunity given where primarily the euro is versus our guidance. The euro was somewhere around $1.45 or so versus the dollar. Our original guidance and budgeting was done at a lower number, probably in the mid-$1.30s range. So there is a little bit of opportunity assuming the dollar to the euro stays where it is for the balance of the year. And again, for the first quarter, there really was no significant favorable benefit. So with that, we'll take that next question, please.
S. Paladino: Yes. I think let me just add one other thing. If you looked at Q1 of last year, the International group total sales growth was 16%, and International Dental total sales growth was 18%. So we had a very strong Q1 of 2010. And that, coupled with the IDS impact that we talked about a couple of times, is, I think, the main reasons why when you look at the growth for this quarter, that the growth is less. But I would agree with Stan to give precise snapback definition is difficult, but I think there is some upside to growth rates because of those 2 factors.  Okay. Now on acquisitions. And you guys talk about completed acquisitions that were in the margin profile on 1Q. But based on what you've completed to date, do you expect either margins to still expand in overall calendar '11 versus '10 or do you think M&As are going to wipe out most of the 30 to 50 bps you would normally expect? I'm just trying to get a sense for that as well.
S. Paladino: Oh, we still feel comfortable that we'll expand margins. You know our goal is an annual goal, not necessarily for each and every quarter. So there are still opportunities to expand margins, and we believe we can accomplish that, although some of it is because some of these new acquisitions. Provet is a reasonably big acquisition, $300 million approximate of sales. The other thing, when you look at our segment reporting, you'll see that although Technology group still has a very strong operating margin, you'll see that for the quarter, the operating margin is down. That's because the vet acquisitions, while still very profitable, are less profitable than our existing Technology group. And if you look at -- when we publish later today our 10-Q, you will see that the Technology operating margins are down probably from about 33% to about 27%. Still very healthy and still very good margins on the vet software companies. But because they don't have a scale of, for example, our dental software companies, the operating margins are not quite as good. So that's impacting us a little bit. But overall, the model is still intact of expanding operating margins.
S. Paladino: On the minority interest or what's called the net income or loss attributable to noncontrolling interests, there's a couple of things going on there. First, it's $6.4 million both for this year, 2011, and for the first quarter of last year, it was a little bit below that at almost $6.4 million. It has changed from the fourth quarter. There's a couple of reasons why. One is seasonality. Two is there's lower minority interests related to Camlog because we own a greater percentage.  But what's offsetting that is because of greater profitability at Butler Schein from normal activities as well as elimination of integration expenses that we had last year. There's a greater minority interest related to Butler Schein. So all of that's kind of netting together. But I think what you're seeing in the first quarter of this year from a run rate point of view if we just take into account seasonality is the more normalized run rate.
S. Paladino: That's a good question. Unfortunately, the market is really just developing now. What I can tell you is that what we're hearing from the manufacturers is that they expect to be able to produce the product in a timely fashion, which is generally good for the whole industry. It was a bit of a mild flu season last year. So sometimes, that could impact the current year.  Our strategy remains the same. We have been taking prebook orders, which are indications what customers want. It's still very early. It's hard really to make any statement on flu vaccine as far as is it better or worse. So if prebook is ahead or below, it's still too early really to be making those comments. But again, given our philosophy on flu, which is selling a similar amount as last year, I think that we really have to wait and see how the market develops. But we still believe that selling that in that 13 million -- 13 million dose range, sorry. 13 million dose range, similar to last year. I wish I could give you more. But really, it's so early in the season that there's not a lot of information out there right now.
