Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Today, we are pleased to report record first quarter financial results. We believe the markets we serve are generally healthy and growing and that our Global Dental, Animal Health and Medical groups all continue to gain market share and that the trajectory will continue. We remain quite comfortable with our strategies with respect to gaining market share. On the bottom line, we delivered strong year-over-year diluted EPS growth for the quarter and are affirming guidance for 2017 diluted EPS. Given our customer focus and our diverse business model, we believe we are well positioned for long-term growth. While some markets will grow faster than others at a particular point in time, we believe we serve attractive end markets with solid opportunities for growth in the years to come as we continue to advance our value-added solutions to help our customers operate better practices, more efficient practices and at the same time provide quality in care. Our focus remains firmly on continued financial execution and in connection, value creation for our shareholders. In a moment, I'll provide some additional comments on our recent business performance and accomplishments, but first, let me turn to Steve who will review our financial results for the quarter. Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman: So on the impact of adding the Dentsply Sirona line, first, this year, there will be significant expenses in bringing on board a comprehensive line. This will entail, of course, a tremendous amount of education and training, taking our salespeople and our technicians out to the field. And of course, adding some additional team members for capacity. So the impact of that is factored into the guidance that Steven has rendered. As it relates to next year and beyond, we remain very excited with Henry Schein's key strategy to advance digital dentistry on a global basis. We think that digital dentistry will increase the efficiency of the practice, while at the same time, providing better quality in healthcare, better quality of oral care in the dental practice. We cannot give you the direct impact on the expansion of the strategy, and we believe that by adding the Dentsply Sirona equipment line to our business, we will, in fact, expand our strategy and expand our strategy even faster as we implement the – as we expand the line and implement further our plans on digital dentistry. But I think it would be premature to provide a direct impact on the line. And in fact, on introducing the line, I don't think it's a good idea for us to talk about the impact of any specific supplier rather than talk about the category, and we will, of course, report back to the extent we can on the impact of digital dentistry on our overall business. And that has been pretty good for the last few years. We have introduced many, many dentist with digital technology, specifically through our scanner lines and I might add some full chair side units as well, while at the same time, servicing the needs from a digital transformation point of view of dental labs throughout the world where we believe we are the biggest provider of products that is the dental labs.
Stanley M. Bergman: I don't – I think it's a very good question. But I don't think much changes from a go-to-market strategy. We have been building our digital technology capacity for the last four years, perhaps even five years and our goal is to provide the best comprehensive solution to dentists. Of course, there's a significant tie-in to our practice solutions software, which over the years has moved from being an accounting system to a clinical solution. There's a lot going on in that area, we've invested heavily. A lot of those expenses are run through the value-added services component of our P&L, which is shown separately. We've added the Ascend software in the area of cloud-based software, these have been significant expenses, and they all tie in one way or another to our digital equipment. Interoperability is something that's important for Henry Schein on the equipment side now for several years. So I don't think much changes in our strategy. We will continue to add more resources into this area. We have added more resources over the last few years and we'll continue to do that. Of course, by expanding our offering, we will now have more competitive offering, although I might hasten to add that our existing suppliers provide us with good products, but the CEREC brand is clearly the innovator, perceived as the innovator and has been an innovator in this space for a long, long time. We do well with the CEREC brand in Europe, but I think it is important to realize that Henry Schein is committed to differentiating ourselves to the value-added services we offer to our customers. So there's a lot more than a particular brand or a particular product. Of course, we're happy to have, excited to have the Dentsply Sirona equipment line but it's the value-added service and the tie-in with our practice solutions and other value-added services that is the differentiator. I don't think there will be disruptions in our sales force. This is an exciting product to add, but it will not be significant material as it relates to our total Dental business of $6 billion or so. So it is an important line. We're excited. We think we can partner very well with Dentsply Sirona. We have a lot of other manufacturers that we do well with. Everybody in dentistry, every manufacturer understands the importance of digital dentistry. Everybody is committed to this, and we look forward to working with a broader array of suppliers, albeit the Dentsply Sirona equipment line is an outstanding line and I don't think we will have disruption either with our suppliers or with our customers. And I think we will have steady growth in this area of digital dentistry as we've experienced over the last year.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. And Steven will give you information on the implant line to the extent we actually provide that data because we generally do not provide category growth. Having said that, Steven provides color, please remember that we have an implant business and then we have businesses that provide products around the implant. And when you compare performances of us to others, remember, that the implant companies are showing a broad line of products, not only implants but products around the implant. So, it's very hard to compare our performance, but generally we are very pleased with our oral surgeon business for implants for bone regenerations, products and the products around the implants. The second question was -
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. Well, I think the market for implants is growing quite nicely throughout the world. I would say that it's pretty good in the U.S. Europe is a bit more muted, but the developing world is growing significantly. So I think it's a good area to be in. And perhaps the most exciting part of the implant business, and I would say that's, with all the specialties, is an investment by specialists in digital technology, be it in the prosthetic side or in the imaging side. So specialists generally are investing more in the practices because, of course, they have the earning power and this is driving our equipment sales throughout the world.
Stanley M. Bergman: You also asked about IDS, I think there was a customary amount of new products. I don't think it was extraordinary from the point of view of new products. From a sales point of view, they were very good for Henry Schein Germany and the countries around Germany because generally orders are placed by dentists from those countries. It's not an order booking business on a global basis. Of course, there were distributors and manufacturers that come to the show from around the world, but from an order point of view it's really a Germany, Austria, may be The Netherlands and a little bit extra, and we did well from that point of view. Of course, the area of greatest focus was the CAD-CAM area. We saw some advances in scanners, molds, (49:06) and I think all are more or less in line with what we shared on previous calls. The whole CAD-CAM area is getting better in terms of capabilities, efficiencies, and it's becoming more affordable. So from that point of view, there was a lot showing there. From Henry Schein point of view, we're very pleased with our advancements, the offering, an expanded offering, the technology advancements on the implant side, but overall, I would say, it was a solid meeting from an attendant's point of view. Pretty okay from products, but I wouldn't say a revolutionary show from a product innovation point of view.
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. There are more studies on this area than probably fact, but it is clear there's a highly underpenetrated area. I think that the number of dentists that either have a scanner or a full service is relatively small. It's probably under 20%. Some say it's as low as 15%, some say it's 17%, doesn't matter because there's 80% of dentists that don't have digital prosthetics in any way, any form at all. So we think it's as an exciting market as the digital imaging markets, and we've done very well in that market with lots more to go because we still have a lot of dentist that have wet X-rays in their practices. So digital imaging is an exciting market. It's a bit more penetrated, actually quite a bit more penetrated than the prosthetics, but the prosthetics is really an open market. And for those that even may have bought a CEREC, it may have been bought with an older version. So there's lots of opportunity for selling CEREC to customers that don't have it and to customers that wish to have a newer version. But at the same time, we also see opportunities for some of the other manufacturers on the scanning side, scan-only side, and that's not only in the dental practice but in the dental lab practice, and it will be exciting opportunities also in the milling arena. Anticipate that there'll be some exciting opportunities from a number of manufacturers in the milling area and also I'm sure that from Sirona. So this is, in generally, a very exciting category and the advancement in blocks is exciting. So the digitalization of dentistry, which we spoke about six years or seven years ago from a prosthetics point of view is really going to be an area that is going to help Henry Schein grow our Dental business in the future as we advanced the connectivity between our practice management software, digital imaging, digital prosthetics and improving the entire work stream in the office to drive more efficiency and better healthcare.
Stanley M. Bergman: I'll let Steven answer the second component. I mean, we had – as I think I mentioned, we had a very good IDS from the order taking point of view. But I would say that, that was specifically related to Germany and to Austria, a little bit in The Netherlands. Because generally customers don't come to buy from beyond those markets, perhaps a little bit from Eastern Europe but not much. Overall, we had a good quarter in the equipment business and in our international markets. I think that, that was mostly related to countries outside of the Germanic speaking countries where we are doing well with equipment in Europe. So I think you have to bifurcate the market a bit, you have to look at the Germanic countries and the rest of Europe. And there was, of course, in the Germanic countries, although it was a decent quarter and I think at least from our point of view, we expect to have decent sales in the second quarter in the Germanic countries and don't really see much of a pause in our growth in our international business, in general.
Stanley M. Bergman: ...Bank of America Conference on Tuesday, next week. Look forward to seeing those investors that are going to be there. If you're not there, I believe it will be webcast. So we'll try to provide as much information as practical and appropriate. And we're very, very excited with the addition of the Dentsply Sirona line, but also so grateful and appreciative of those manufacturers that have worked with us to get us to where we are. We believe we have the deepest bench in management and really a broad array of products and solutions with Dental, Medical and Animal Health market. So thank you very much for calling in.
Steven Paladino: Okay. I'll take the first part of your question. So on the current year, still early in the year versus our guidance, it's probably about $0.06 improved versus our guidance. Remember, we said 23% to 24% effective tax rate going into the quarter for Q1 came in at 20.7%. So that represents approximately $0.06. I would say we have a relatively wide range of $0.13 in our guidance. It's early in the year. There are a number of puts and takes, including foreign exchange that we need to keep a watchful eye on. So at this point, we felt that the prudent thing was to just reaffirm guidance and not to change guidance at this time and let's see how the year progresses. With respect to our tax rate going forward, so it's a little bit difficult to quantify. I would expect that we should still see a similar benefit in future years. But remember, it depends on two key factors for us. First factor is the stock appreciation, which is hard to estimate, and the second factor for us is because a number of our shares are performance based, how many shares actually vest based on the performance. So it might not be quite the same impact in future years because we had a very favorable on both of those counts this year, but we would expect that there would still be a tax benefit in each Q1 going forward. Again, may not be quite as great as what we saw this year.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. So remember, the agreement does not start until September 1, so no revenues can be recognized by us before September 1. So I would say that – and it'll take a little bit of time for us to build an order book on the product line. So I don't think right out-of-the-box, we're going to be going at 100%. I would say that what we'll also see some expenses in the same quarter, starting a little bit before the September 1 date to train the sales force and do things like that, but we'll start seeing it in the same quarter. But we're not looking at really any significant quarterly impact for Q3 and Q4. We're trying really to have it relatively neutral in each quarter, although it might be a little bit negative in the first quarter Q3 versus Q4. We haven't given guidance going forward. I don't know we feel comfortable it will be accretive. And I think you have to give us a little bit of time to see later this year how we do in order to really have some specificity on the impact of it. While we're very excited, remember, we also support other manufacturers. So there will be a net impact that we have to look at for us. There are product categories that we're selling other manufacturers. But the net impact was supposed to be positive. And again, we're pleased to have the Dentsply Sirona line in place now.
Steven Paladino: And just to give you a little color on our overall performance for implants and this is excluding – it's really just the implants, not the products around the implants. On a worldwide basis, we grew in the mid-single digits or slightly higher than that overall with stronger growth in the U.S. and slightly less growth internationally. And overall, we think that we at least maybe outpaced the market by a little bit in the quarter.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. And I'll just reiterate what Stanley said, really the softness, which was probably related to IDS was in the Germanic countries, but it was offset somewhat – more than somewhat was offset by other parts of our International Dental business. And that's typical. You don't typically see people going to IDS to buy equipment from, for example, the U.K, really it's Germany and the surrounding countries where the purchasing habits buying equipment, although people may come from all over the world just to see the different types of equipment. So again, we're expecting a bit of a pickup in Germany but that will be muted by some of the other countries that were very strong also in Q1.
