Stanley M. Bergman: Good morning everyone, thank you Carolynne, and thank you for calling in to today's call. Needless to say 2020 has been an extraordinarily challenging and unpredictable year for our team, customers and of course, suppliers. I commend the work and sacrifice of Team Schein to support business continuity for our customers. The pandemic caused disruption to supply chain and suppliers reacted to increased demand for PPE in particular and other products as well, and shortages of raw materials were experienced throughout the marketplace, both domestically and internationally for much of the -- for many of the products, shall we say, that we offer. As a result of the hard work and dedication of the team throughout the COVID-19 crisis, we were ready to assist our dental and medical customers deal with emergencies, while many of whom were subject to restrictions and faced severe challenges as they then returned to their offices to provide safe, quality clinical care.  Clearly, the COVID-19 pandemic continues to present challenges and uncertainties for the global economy and our customers. We remain confident that we have a solid long-term strategy in place, supported by a strong balance sheet and significant access to liquidity. The strong rebound in sales that began late in the second quarter continued into the third quarter with growth over the prior year driven by sales of PPE and COVID-19 related products. This growth coupled with the various actions we took earlier in the year to reduce operating expenses, resulted in diluted EPS that grew 8.8% on a GAAP basis and 14.4% on a non-GAAP basis.  As noted in our -- as noted our Q3 EPS growth also reflected the various actions we took earlier in the year to reduce operating expenses. Most of these temporary expense reduction initiatives have now ended. We remain committed to the well-being of Team Schein and our disciplined strategy that is focused on the success of our customers, helping practitioners efficiently manage practices, while providing quality care as the driver of long-term profitable growth for the company. Given the challenging macro environment that started with the onset of the pandemic early this year, we posed our longstanding program of strategic acquisitions. Yet as global business conditions have improved, we have resumed these activities. We now believe we have significant opportunities to allocate capital in support of our strategic plan with a goal of maintaining a strong balance sheet and continuing to increase operating cash flow over time.  As we prepare to exit 2020, we will redefine our strategic plan with the goal of having -- well refine -- I mean, we will refine our strategic plan with the goal of having our strategic plan in place for 2022 through 2024. We will continue to focus on a number of key initiatives, which include increasing customer penetration organically and through acquisition, geographic expansion including into the developing world, advancing technology solutions centered on software including patient communications, leading the digitization of medical dental offices including interoperability to devices and prosthetics, and expanding our specialty segment and solutions offering all while advancing our dental business globally and our medical business globally as well.  Our team, including telesales, customer service and our distribution centers remained open, fully operational during this period and have done an extraordinary job throughout this COVID-19 crisis of processing ongoing high volume of orders received and ensuring they ship quickly to our customers. Those certain SKUs of PPE are still relatively tight supply wise and are commanding somewhat of a higher price. We believe the general PPE market has stabilized and we will strive to maintain, as we had throughout the crisis, fair pricing for our customers. At this time I'll hand the call over to Steven to discuss our recent financial performance and then I'll provide some additional commentary on our view of the current business conditions in the markets we serve. So, Steven please.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you for the question. October has continued with the trend of September, in fact, even maybe a little higher. The concern we have is the potential impact of the rising number of diagnosed COVID patients. Having said that, at the moment it seems like dental practices are seeing patients again, very different to April, both domestically and in most markets abroad. Some markets at a much greater increased rate than even before COVID and others down. So we just want to be cautious in the context of the latest data on diagnosed patients. Having said that, the business seems in a pretty good place right now with dentists across the board seeing patients. And the same for medical practitioners. Steven.
Stanley M. Bergman: We don't see a significant change in volume at this moment. Practitioners seem to be seeing patients consistent with what we saw in September. Having said that, anecdotally, the ADA data is down a couple of percent. I'm not sure whether that is meaningful or not. Having said that, our caution relates to the increase in diagnosed patients both in the United States and in Europe but at the same time, we don't see a significant reduction in visits to practitioners. Steven.
Stanley M. Bergman: Jon, just to add a little bit more light on the specialty side, the specialty business is of course, a high margin business. But in terms of sales, compared to the total approximately $10 billion business it's not material. But in terms of profits, it is very important. And that those businesses have done quite well, certainly in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. So in terms of materiality, in terms of the overall sales, it's not material in terms of profit, it's a decent contributor. 
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah, I think there's too many -- too much volatility for us to really give specific guidance on this. Again, we don't know exactly what's going to happen with nitrile gloves, but we do know that there's a worldwide shortage and what that means to pricing and margin is still ahead of us, I don't want to just speculate on that. So, I think we just really can't give specific guidance along those lines at this time. So hopefully in Q4 we will have better insight. 
Stanley M. Bergman: We remain quite optimistic in the return of the business, specifically in dentistry given the fact that the strength in business, the dentists starting in June, we were quite surprised with how fast the recovery occurred and remain optimistic that that will continue to increase. People want to see dentists and there's a huge trust that dental offices are safe. So we can't say for sure how many quarters the COVID high test data will continue but as the data comes down, I think you can expect for dentists offices to fill up to the rate of 2019. I think dentists are dealing with the inefficiency in the office because of -- control, they are getting much better at that. But as we get into, say, the middle of 2021 I think we can expect to go back to normalcy of where it was in 2019. It all depends, of course, on when the vaccine will be available and how effective it will be. But it seems like the 75% to 80% number is a number that looks good for this time. And from there, I think we'll build up based on the effectiveness of the vaccine and actually more testing availability. We have seen that in markets where there is comfort and return to normal rates such as China, Australia, New Zealand. People are very comfortable going to the dentist and our specialty businesses, for example, in those markets are doing extremely well. So we are enthusiastic that we will return to more normal rates sometime in the middle of next year, assuming that the vaccine kicks in and is relatively efficient. But it seems like we've hit more or less the floor. But again, it's very hard to give you a precise timing on all of that.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you. So, very good question again on the TDSC. We see that there's always been a market for let’s put it this way, non-full-service, non-high-touch, that was the market Henry Schein was in a couple of decades ago. And the percentage of business being transacted through what was originally mail order that went to telesales and now is defined as e-commerce has been relatively constant up to the end of 2019. During the COVID period it increased just like all e-commerce increased. Both the e-commerce only businesses, online only businesses, and our own website where the volumes of business that were transacted digitally increased. We've always had a strong relationship with organized dentistry and there is a part of the market that would like to transact business digitally only, online only. And so we made an investment alongside the California Dentists Association to enter the online only marketplace. We are through other investments in the United States and particularly abroad invested in alternate channels, and although these channels have not exhibited significantly faster growth rates than the full service part until the end of 2019, we think that it is important for us to service this part of the market and to provide both options to dentists in the United States, as by the way we do in Europe and elsewhere. So we will keep the two models side by side and we'll service them both from the same distribution network.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Glen, I think that there will be a role for Henry Schein once the vaccine is outside of government distribution. Since it is expected, at least, it's our view that vaccines will at some point be administered in physician offices and in the workplace. We have a very nice workplace health care business. And so once we're through the initial government period of distribution of these vaccines using a third party logistics provider and when these vaccines return or become available through normal commercial operations, we expect that Henry Schein will have a role to play as we have in administering vaccines in general. And we've had that role for decades. Likewise, with testing we think that as the government takes less of the tests and allows the private sector to manage testing to a greater extent, that Henry Schein will receive a greater allocation of tests as well. 
Stanley M. Bergman: I think basically we're on the same trajectory. The last DSO is growing to the extent they can secure dentists. The midsized practitioners that's growing to a greater extent. But there still is a very solid base of private practitioners. I doubt that one or two practice will survive long, but three or four or five practitioners going to maybe 10 in the practice has in my view, quite a lot of runway. So I don't think there's any marked difference in where dentistry will be practiced. But the trend that we've seen over the years is likely to continue and as it has moderately and the movement upstream will continue in a moderate way, to grow in a moderate way. So I don't see any significant dislocation of where dentistry will take place, although the trend will continue upstream. 
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you very much, operator. We do feel very comfortable everyone with our strategy. We are comfortable that we will continue to serve the dental needs across the globe and we are comfortable through our hybrid full service model and in certain markets, digital only model. That this will be a very good strategy going forward as we provide more value added services to our customers, helping them operate a more efficient practice so that they can provide better clinical care. We believe that infection control is important in both the dental offices and medical offices and that we can provide the necessary PPE that is needed and that testing will become more important in our physician offices going forward. We also believe that our equipment businesses in dental are on solid footing. There may be a slight going back perhaps in the U.S. dental market as the DSO numbers compared to the previous year as we had a very strong fourth quarter DSO last year. But overall, we're comfortable that our dental equipment business in the United States and in Europe is on a solid footing with decent backlogs throughout. So as well just to comment with any questions on this, but we believe Henry Schein One is providing great value, moving towards more of cloud based software and are very comfortable and excited with that business opportunity.  So let me end today where I started and once again extend thanks to Team Schein members across the globe for their unrelenting efforts on behalf of our customers, the team's passion, their commitment to Henry Schein has been nothing short of remarkable. As it relates to our businesses, we believe we are well positioned, as I noted, due to our breadth of products, services, and support with solid momentum to build shareholder value as we emerge from the COVID-19 pandemic. Again, it is clear that there is a demand for dentistry and for the physician based practice as procedures move from the acute care setting to more of the ultimate care setting. And we remain quite optimistic about the future of Henry Schein. So thank you for joining us today and look forward to speaking to you on our next call. Thank you. 
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I think that some of us -- I would add maybe a couple of additional points, we think during Q3 there was a bit -- continued bit of a backlog of patient demand that got caught up during Q3 that may not continue going forward. We also think related to PPE and COVID related sales that there was a lot of initial order taking to start up practices and to restart practices that may not continue at the same rate. So those reasons really also contribute to us being a little bit more cautious on the outlook going forward.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, and on PPE and related products, I think we would assume that pricing will continue to moderate. Back in Q2 and early Q3 the pricing for certain products primarily facemasks was significantly elevated as there was a shortage of supply. And that was really our cost was really significantly higher than what typical costs was. As supply continues to improve, that pricing is beginning to moderate on most of those products. There is one product category, though, that is now in short supply. So it would be hard to tell how this has impacted. But nitrile examination gloves are now in very short supply globally. So we may see a spike in our cost for those products, which would in turn have us increase somewhat our pricing to end users. But I would say for the most part, I would think that pricing will moderate on products of PPE and COVID related.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Steve. The main driver was not mix, the main driver as we outlined in our press release was related to PPE and related product where because early on in buying that product we saw significant increases in our cost. And remember it was a difficult time to even access products back then, most suppliers were not selling unless you prepaid for the product, and there was absolutely no way to negotiate pricing. At that time we made a decision that it's important to have access to product for our customers because it's such a critical product category. And because of that, we did buy some product at high prices that required inventory adjustments during the quarter. So that was one -- that was the biggest impact on margins for the quarter. There were also some other impacts, some of the PPE selling prices were also at lower margin, that was a smaller contributor. And also supplier rebates, also a smaller contributor were less in the quarter because of volume that they related to. I'm hopeful that we'll see a lot of that go away, although it's really difficult to predict on inventory adjustments because the pricing is still very volatile on both the purchase side as well as the market sale side. So we just kind of have to wait and see for that.
Steven Paladino: Yeah Jon, let me just touch on the earlier question when Stanley commented that excluding PPE and COVID products, consumable merchandise sales were relatively flat. That includes the positive benefit of specialty sales, Jon. So it's all embedded in that because that's included in consumables. So, going to your current question, it's still -- there's still a lot of volatility in margins related to PPE and COVID related and as I said, nitrile gloves is the next one that will probably show a significant increase in costs for us and there's a limit on what we could pass through. So I'm not ready to give guidance on gross margin just yet because there's too much volatility on the buy side and on the sell side and it's all related. PPE and COVID products has positives and that it really drives sales growth, it really drives people buying additional products. If you don't have the products, you may lose the entire sale, but it also has huge volatility in margin. So you've got to take the positive with the not so positive.
Steven Paladino: Well, let me -- Jeff, let me just clarify, on the ADA survey they are talking about patient traffic, that 80% plus or minus is estimated patient traffic. So we think actual sales volume is a bit better than that because it doesn't really factor in the additional sales of PPE products. It also seems that based on a procedure basis, for some reason, procedures are a little bit higher volume that are currently being done than historically. So 80 in sales volume is higher than 80% -- sorry, the 80% patient traffic is higher in sales volume. And so hopefully that clarifies and I just want to make sure you had a second question there Jeff, if you could just repeat it.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, I think that's correct. It's also, again, a few other things that’s moderating pricing on PPE products that should continue. It is some of this pent up demand that may fall off a little bit. It's a little bit of increases in positive test results for COVID. So I don't think it's one particular item. It's just a few things that are impacting our thoughts on that.
Steven Paladino: So on cost saving items, Steve, so there's two primary areas that we're still evaluating and focusing on, and we think we will be able to save expenses on. The first travel, but it's really broader than just travel. It also includes things like conventions, even investor meetings not sure. I think everyone knows on this call that now virtual investor meetings and conferences, similarly with conventions is more virtual items. So we certainly believe there's opportunity there for travel, to significantly reduce travel. Things like video conferencing certainly work. I think the people who were a little bit skeptical previous to this I think realized that while it's not as good as in person, it's really good and in many cases cancel flights. So that's one area that we're still evaluating. And the second area is we do believe that there's a fair amount of our Team Schein members who can work from home either permanently or on a hybrid basis. And we're doing a person by person detailed review to determine what that opportunity is. But certainly we do think that that opportunity over the longer term will be a benefit for us. But just recognize on that, the real estate footprint, it will take a little bit longer to reduce the real estate footprint or whatever that those lower needs will be. But both of those are still under evaluation. We don't have final answers on either one but we certainly believe that they will drive some costs, some permanent cost savings going forward. We have not yet quantified the specific amount.
