Stanley Bergman: A very, very good question, obviously, and one that we deliberate on regularly. We feel that, of course, the consumables, to a large extent, are based on customer visits. We feel that there is strength in that market. Practices are buying product, of course, because they are seeing patients. PPE is important, but it's not a huge part of the total purchase of practitioners. It's a greater percent of the total purchases in the past, but it's not huge. And I think practices are seeing the importance of investing in the practice. I think practices want to show that they are using modern equipment, in particular, that they are investing in infection control-type equipment, including making sure that their chairs and the imaging equipment and the CAD/CAM is the latest with the best available infection control.  So I think we're pretty optimistic on the dental side with consumables and equipment. But obviously, we -- there's no way to predict where this is heading. July was strong both ways, and each of the markets are slightly different. Remember that parts of Europe like Germany came back much sooner. China came back much sooner, so more normalized right now. But -- and there's this whole new area of infection control equipment. It won't be necessarily hugely material but will be additive. And I think we have great know-how and access to product in that area.  So I think we remain optimistic on both sides, both on the consumable side, on the equipment side for dental. And likewise, on the medical side, given that there will be a greater demand for testing equipment and we have some good solid manufacturers that are providing us with product. Of course, in the early days, most of that product went to the government, but now it's being made available to the private sector and our channel's picking up a decent share of that availability and market share. So I think both on the consumables and equipment side in dental and medical, we remain optimistic, although you can't predict the future perfectly and all this is subject to our disclosures but very, very optimistic about the future of the business.
Stanley Bergman: Those are two, of course, very important questions. Let me deal with the second one, which is a much shorter answer and concise answer. Well, it's still early. I think we can expect to participate in the distribution of COVID-19 vaccines once vaccinations are approved by the FDA. And I'll remind everyone, we only are in the pharmaceutical distribution and vaccine injectable business in the United States in our medical business. Our medical business abroad is relatively small, but not on the pharmaceutical side. And of course, the product was made available by the FDA and available under provisions of the CDC, the Center for Disease Control and Prevention, under their guidelines. But we've had well-established history of participating in public-private partnerships that address complex health care safety issues.  So together, corporations, government and other industries, others in industry, including NGOs, can work together to leverage the resources and infrastructure needs to get these products out. And we believe Henry Schein is well recognized as a major contributor in the area of public-private partnerships. So we remain hopeful that we will be able to continue to play a good role in this area. We work very well and I think have been a very good member of the task force, the FEMA task force, which I might add, in my view, has done very, very good work in the last couple of months. And so I think our role will be recognized. Obviously, when these products become available through normal distribution channels, as one of the largest providers of vaccines to office-based practitioners, I would expect that we would have an important role there. But in the general overall distribution of vaccines and PPE and stockpiling, I would hope that our credibility and our history of working in public-private partnerships effectively working will be recognized.  Now on availability of PPE. So the biggest challenge at the beginning of the crisis was that N95s and respiratory-type masks were not really used in the office-based practitioner environment. They were not used in dental offices and rarely in medical offices. The surgical flat mask was what was used. So we had a push for recognition within the supply chain, both to government and private sector, of the importance of dentists and alternate care site providers in preventing patients from actually ending up in the hospital and, therefore, should be given access to these products.  We did have a challenge in April. And in the early part of May, we did have access to some of this product, and we're encouraged by the FEMA to move that product into the medical channel more than the dental channel. But we probably had more access to legitimate regulatory-approved product than most. And as the quarter progressed, we did have more access to these respiratory masks, the N95s and KN95 masks. And I think we played an important role in satisfying the needs. But at no time did we have completely adequate product to satisfy our customers' needs. A highly volatile market because regulatory authorities in the United States and abroad, really, were navigating in environments where U.S.-approved FDA product was in relative short supply or approved product in Europe was in relatively short supply. So emergency provisions were passed and the regulations were quite volatile.  We navigated through this and all times, we believe, distributed product that was regulatory compliant, I cannot say that, that was the case amongst all of the providers of these products in our markets. Very volatile. We had access -- we did champion the needs of dentists and the alternate care physician sites, including EMT, during the process in the United States and abroad. But it was a challenging time. I think we learned a lot. Our suppliers are understanding the importance of providing product to our channel. I believe that governments are, in different parts of the world, are understanding the importance of dentists and of alternate care suppliers. So we are in a better place today, but we did not have enough product going into this, certainly not during the second quarter. Availability is much better today, not perfect. And we are working with governments and manufacturers around the world, including logistics providers, to make these products available rapidly. And I think we're in a decent place today.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Steven, maybe you should just address the specifics on dental sales increase in July, breaking it down between domestic or North America, as we call it, and international and also between consumables and equipment.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. And Jon, just to clarify. In the U.S., the recovery has been quite strong in July. And again, this is no indication of the future, but U.S. merchandise sales are topping high single digits. And that -- and versus Canada, which is even higher. So it's a pretty strong July. So we want to indicate to our investors and to the market that consumable sales in July have been strong. Having said that, that's no indication of where the rest of the quarter will go, although the first few days of August seem to have been relatively strong. Your question on, I guess, why are people going to the dentist? Or why is the -- why the strong sales versus the 70% the ADA and us are talking about, I think generally, dentists are working longer hours. I think there is some pent-up demand. Look, the patients didn't go to dentists in the United States for almost 2.5, 3 months. So there is some of that. But I have to say that in parts of Europe, in particular, Germany, that has really been open throughout this period, it's not bad. It's not quite 100%, but it's topping that. Of course, you can't compare it to China, which has been open for almost the entire quarter. But in general, we are much better than we thought we'd be. And actually very, very excited about that because we thought that this V would be much, much worse. So I can't give you specifics other than we do correlate more or less with the ADA's view in the United States.
Stanley Bergman: There must have been some -- yes, of course. There must be some catch-up. People were not visiting the dentist for 2.5 or so months in the U.S. so there must be some catch-up there. Having said that, I think the PPE was pretty strong in June, but it's pretty strong in July as well. So I think practitioners have bought a lot of PPE in June but continue to buy it in July. But yes, I would say, Jon, there must be some catch-up in there. The exact number is hard to tell. But we're selling both PPE products and traditional consumable products in decent quantities at the moment, and it's really hard to pinpoint it. But so far, it looks pretty good. I can't imagine the market is significantly growing, so 5-plus percent to 10% or so, 9% in dental consumables is quite high. So part of that has to be catch-up. It's really -- we're in the guessing world exactly to split between normal servicing of consumables for the practice and how much is a catch-up of backlog and -- how much is incremental PPE that is now going to be part of the day-to-day purchases of dentists.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Again, that's a question we spend a lot of time trying to figure out how to get perfectly right. But yes, dentists are far less efficient today because they're learning how to work through this environment. I believe efficiency will increase. I believe the dental hygiene part will increase also significantly. Hygiene has not been -- has not bounced back as fast as the rest of dentistry. And I think some dentists are doing a little bit of hygiene work because the patients, I think, at this stage are saying, "I'm here for a drill or a fill. Please take care of my hygiene. I know you. I'd rather work with you." But I believe that the hygiene part will come back also.  And that will move capacity -- it would expand capacity with dentists and move procedures to the hygienist. So overall, I think we're going to increase capacity. How much, it's hard to tell. And whether we had an excess of capacity in the U.S. or not is debatable. There are some that say we were close to capacity, and there are some that say there was excess capacity. Certainly, there's excess capacity in parts of the country. But the efficiency will increase here. And I think it's shown that in parts of the world like Germany, the capacity is not significantly down. So with a few months of extra experience, I think dentists will become more efficient. Again, this is not based on any empirical study. It's a gut of what we're hearing from our customers through the chatters from our salespeople. But I think we'll increase capacity quite a bit in the months ahead.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Everything you said is in the mix how to get the exact numbers, the weighting. But I think there were some orders that were placed, of course, in the first quarter that we filled in the second. But I will also say that in April, we did not install a lot of equipment for 2 reasons. One -- in April and the first part of May for 2 reasons. One is customers asked us to hold back because they don't know where the cash flow is coming from. And at the same time, we were limiting the number of our technicians in the field. At the same time, I think government stimulation dollars, both in the United States and in other parts of the world, did help. But I think towards the end of the second quarter perhaps, June-ish, perhaps a week or two of May, dentists started realizing that they wanted to invest. They had time to look at the equipment. A lot of this equipment can now be examined and understood digitally. They had time to do that. And I think that resulted in some buying all towards making the practice more efficient, more infection control-driven, so it's all of the above. Hard to tell, but CAD/CAM was down quite a bit in the quarter, in the second quarter. And I think that is moving up now. And fewer visits to the dentists, more efficient. I think it's also something dentists want to show their patients. So digitally, a mold crown is something of more greater interest, I think, to the practitioner today. All of this is adding up and leading towards, at least at this time, solid demand for equipment.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Thank you, Jeff. The same question, of course, we're trying to answer. And the market feels relatively strong compared to certainly where we thought it was heading. And even the last few weeks, it feels pretty good. Beyond that, I'm not sure what else we could say. Maybe, Steven, you can turn that thought into a more numerical...
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jeff, whether there's actual contribution to earnings or dilution as a result of acquisitions this quarter, I'll leave it up to Steven to respond to and to confirm either way. We're slowly opening up the M&A pipeline and reactivating a number of deals that we were pretty close to before the COVID. These are all strategic, I think, and we're hopeful that there will be accretion coming. No guarantees in the not-too-distant future. Steven, I don't know if you want to comment any further.
Stanley Bergman: So thank you, everybody. Thank you, Steven. Thank you, everybody, for your interest. I think you can tell from our prepared remarks and the way we've responded to the questions that we feel a deep sigh of relief that our expectations turned out better than we thought. The V did not go down as far, and the bottom of the V did not go down as far and the coming up was much more rapid. Of course, we're not through the virus yet. But I think practitioners on the dental side are much better equipped to handle these challenges. From our point of view, more PPE available, high-quality and regulatory-approved. And there is certain infection control equipment that we are making available. That should also allow for the public to be much more comfortable going to the dentist. Our medical position in the business has been well positioned also before COVID and especially now during the COVID period. And so we remain quite comfortable with our short-term plans and midterm plans and quite optimistic about the future of the company as we go back to implementing our long-term strategies. So thank you for your interest, and we look forward to reporting back to you in 3 months. Thank you very much.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So the 11% that Stanley quoted in his prepared remarks -- sorry, not 11%, the mid-single-digit growth, sorry, my apologies, in July was for global dental sales. It included consumables and equipment. The consumables were stronger than the equipment, both domestically and internationally. But overall, a very strong number. I would though point out that you shouldn't take that as guidance for the quarter since we're not giving guidance. And as you know, there are times when sales are lumpy on the positive and on the negative side, but it is a good trend. And we do feel very optimistic that we're continuing to see an improvement in the market.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think, again, it's too soon to say. I think the tone that we're trying to say is, A, things are much better than we thought they would be 3 months ago; B, we're still seeing a progression and improvement in dental and medical practices; and C, right now, in the states in the U.S. that are showing an increased infection rate for COVID, we're not seeing any significant falloff in patient demand. But to really be more specific than that now, Elizabeth, I don't think really makes sense.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, we don't really want to provide that level of specifics in the second half. We quoted the July number not as a trend that we expect to continue. I don't think we expect consumables to be up mid to high single digits in North America right now, but it's a positive trend. And again, it's really -- there's too much uncertainty into the market, in the market really, to give more specifics, Jeff. So sorry about that.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So again, as Stanley said, we probably won't do any really large cash acquisitions in the very short term. Again, we still want to be cautious. But we are looking at doing some activity that was put on pause. There's still a lot of work to do to see what the impact was on those companies that we're targeting. But we would hope to do something before the end of the year, possibly. And typically, our acquisitions, it takes us until we integrate, which is generally 6 to 12 months before we start getting any GAAP-based accretion.
