Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Solid growth in sales and earnings during the quarter reflects our strategy of organic growth, complemented by strategic acquisitions and our ongoing commitment to controlling expenses. Once again, we believe a positive indicator of the continued success of our diversified strategies is that we have gained market share in each of our businesses. We're also pleased today to be affirming 2013 financial guidance while introducing guidance for the year 2014 diluted EPS that represents growth of 10% to 12% compared with the midpoint of our 2013 range. So we are pleased with the performance of the company in general. The sales reflect a continued market share growth in each of our business units, Dental, Medical, Animal Health. And we're pleased that we are able to reaffirm guidance for the remainder of this year for next quarter and introduce the guidance for 2014 of 10% to 12% growth. I'll provide additional commentary on our performance a little bit later, but let me now ask Steve to review our quarterly financial results.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, Bob, I think we've mentioned this in previous calls. I think it's not the right thing to view the Medical growth quarter-to-quarter because the onboarding of these larger accounts can be quite lumpy. So I think it's better to take a several quarter approach. And I'm quite comfortable that we continue to gain market share in both the smaller practices, which of course there are less of, as well as these newer enterprises of size, whether they are IDN, or whether they are large multi-specialty or single-specialty group practices. And I think we are well positioned to service this new landscape that is emerging. I think the traffic to the physician environment went down. I think it probably didn't go down a material way, but it was down. But again, I don't view that as the leading indicator of our success -- our ability to keep pace with the market adjustment for patient traffic, I don't view that as the measure of our success. What I view as the measure of our success is the ability to convert these larger groups to Henry Schein, whether it's IDNs or group practices. In that context, I think we're doing well. As for the competitive landscape, I don't think much has changed. It's really a couple of large players that are fighting for the business based on value-added services, and I think we have very good value-added services driven by terrific computer platform, an IT platform and tied into our supply chain capabilities that gives these larger practices what they're looking for. We've always been pretty good with the small practices, essentially through our telesales, field sales and direct mail businesses. But the real fight and opportunity for the future is with these large practices, and I think we're well positioned and I would encourage analysts to talk to some of the large groups and some of the large hospitals and just find out how we're doing. And I think the comment I made will be collaborated -- corroborated, shall we say.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. As to the number of units that Aspen will place, I think it's far too early to tell. Suffice this to say that of the large group practices, the DMOs, Dental Management Organizations, Aspen is one of the first to take CAD/CAM very seriously. There are 1 or 2 that have already advanced the ball, but I would say Aspen is taking it quite far. And this is the first opportunity for a DMO to really look at E4D compared to competitive products. I would say, the 1 or 2 other group practices that are working in CAD/CAM, when they decided to move into CAD/CAM, E4D was really not ready. So this is the first time E4D really has competed heavily for a DMO's business, and we won the business based on product benefits and features and the overall technology, advantages of the technology, so we're quite pleased with that. As it relates to CAD/CAM, I think Wall Street needs to be a little careful. It's not about chair side only. Of course, that's a key part of it, it's -- CAD/CAM is much more than that. It's about the automation of the laboratory, the whole digitalization of prosthetics, and that's an area that Henry Schein is very much focused on. We are as focused on that as we were, for example, with sensors. I would say, 7 or 8 or 9 years ago we said, we wanted to be the biggest player in sensors, and I believe today, we sell more image sensors than anyone else. The same can be said of 3D. And we are very, very committed to the CAD/CAM space, whether it's chairside, or as I mentioned now, the important segment of the lab. And there's a lot going on there. There are many new ones out there: Sensors, scanners for CAD/CAM, quite a few software systems out there, both for the chairside and the lab, and many, many MLS. So it is our job at Henry Schein to advance our open architecture and be the one-stop shop in a market that today is a little bit confused. Dentists understand the importance of CAD/CAM, but are not sure where to go. So we will do what we've done before when we introduced software almost 2 decades ago, and be the first to come out with a really good priced software that had national service that's supported by a well-capitalized company. We did the same with sensors, we did the same with 3D, and now CAD/CAM presents this huge opportunity. But it is confusing because there are a lot of products out there, and one must be careful not to view this whole space as just a chairside space. This chairside, of course, it's important, it is the laboratory and it is the materials.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think both those markets, it's quite stable. On the dental side, I think it's relatively stable. On the animal health, I would say it's stable, but there are some reports that it's in the positive area, and I think there are some reports that indicate some of the large practices may be down in terms of traffic. But on balance I think in both those markets, it's pretty stable, with sales growing just a little bit more than the GDP, maybe 3-plus-percent.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. Well, last year, because of the medical device excise tax, we bought approximately an additional $150 million of inventory. It wasn't all in the fourth quarter, some of it was in the third quarter. But by the year end we had an additional $150 million worth of inventory, really because we thought it was a good financial return because of the medical device excise tax. But our normal volumes, my guess would be will be consistent year-to-year, but we should show that decrease of $150 million at the year-end versus the year-end last year. And you've got to normalize for acquisitions and things like that, but on the core business, that should be the result.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, it was skewed much more towards consumables, but I don't have the exact breakout. And the reason being, just because of cube size, it was easier to store the consumables rather than to store large equipment. So it was very much skewed towards consumables.
Stanley M. Bergman: We -- I think I mentioned this in the last call. We continue to be rather bullish on the ability to close on acquisitions. For 2013, as of this point in time, we have not closed on anything, in the aggregate, deals of substance. Whereas, we cannot commit that we're close on any deal, because deals are only closed when they're actually closed, we still are very much committed to our formula of taking about 1/3 of the cash we generate and a little bit more than that investing in acquisitions, 1/3 to buy back stock and 1/3 to deal with working capital and pay down debt. So I think we, hopefully, will close on acquisitions. We have very good depth in management. We have somewhat of a funnel in the number of deals we can close at any one time, because integration is always limited by human capital, but we remain quite optimistic that over the months to come, we will close on some deals, and I think the Hong Kong and China and Thailand and Johannesburg are more longer-term and less relevant to current earnings. The deals that we would hopefully close on in the not-too-distant future will be more related to earnings a year out or so, and they would be in the developed world. So areas that we're looking at, of course, are the Specialty areas and also Animal Health and Dental. So I'm quite optimistic. But these things are lumpy and they don't close until regulatory has done their work, legal has done theirs, finance has done theirs and human capital is lined from a business point of view.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I think that's a good question. I'm not sure we expected Easy to help us gain market share in Germany. It's more a placeholder in case the low-price implant will -- emerges. And at this point in time, the low-price implant has grown to some extent in Germany, but not become a material factor. Yes, there are a couple of players that are gaining some market share, but it's really not a major factor from our point of view, because Camlog is not at the high price of the equation. So it's there, we have sold some. We expect to bring it to the States at some point in the future. It's going through a regulatory review at this point. But I don't think we ever implied that the Easy would move the needle in a significant way at Camlog, but it's more in place to deal with a discounting reality, if that is needed in the implant field.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, the noncontrolling really, what happened there, we talked about it a quarter or 2 ago. We had a change -- we had an entity in Europe that we did not have a controlling interest. It was included in equity in affiliates and we bought up our interest in that entity. That's really what's showing if you look at the International Dental sales growth. There's some acquisition growth there, that's where it resides. So really, it was -- we don't really -- it's really a move geographically on the P&L, because it was in equity and earnings in affiliate, and now it's a consolidated entity. So we consolidated the whole thing, and the piece of it now comes out of noncontrolling interest.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you, everyone. We wanted to end the call on time. We got comments the last time that we went over too long. So thank you for participating. If you have further questions, please feel free to reach out to Carolynne Borders and her phone number is (631) 843-5500. You can ask for her, or to Steve Paladino at the same number, (631) 843-5915. And also, please use Carolynne as your point person for RSVP for our Analyst and Investor Day. So to conclude, we remain quite bullish about the company. We're excited with our market share gains and the increase in our operating margin. The cash flow continues to be very good, and strategically, I think we're well-positioned to execute on our strategic plan, which goes through to the end of next year, and we will start shortly with developments of our strategic plan for January 1, 2015 for the 3 years thereafter. Thank you very much, everyone, and I'll speak with you in February. Okay, thank you.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, John, we saw really across-the-board strong growth. We had strong growth in traditional equipment, we had strong growth in high-tech equipment. In high-tech, our strongest growth category was E4D for the quarter. But the variation, if you look at traditional equipment, it was right around that 10% range also, and high tech was a bit above that because of the strong E4D sales growth. So again, really across-the-board growth in all equipment categories.
Steven Paladino: So I think we're doing well in Specialty. Remember, some markets, implants in Europe is under a lot of pressure. We continue, I think, to do better than the market. We are growing in the U.S. in implants and other specialty things. I just would caution though, John, remember, our total Specialty sales business globally is $400 million, plus or minus. So even though we're doing nicely there, it's still off of a relatively small base compared to our overall sales, but we certainly feel we are taking market share in that product category.
Steven Paladino: We do. And we do feel that a big chunk of our sales growth is related to price increases that are standard in the market every year. We've consistently said that throughout the years, dental price increases range maybe from 2% to 2.5% per annum. This year really was no different -- sorry, this year was a little bit different because of medical device excise tax. But we believe that the patient traffic in procedures is relatively flat in the U.S. market. And we do believe that we have potential to see that market expand to get some additional growth in procedures, and then obviously, that'll drive our consumables sales growth. So we feel comfortable that sales growth will not decline because price increases might be a little bit less next year. If anything, we're a little bit more optimistic than that because we do believe that the markets have greater potential, especially in the U.S., to show some acceleration. Again, that's not something that we're baking into our guidance, but we do believe that, that potential is pretty strong right now.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So I think it's important to note there's a difference on how we prepared our guidance, versus what we believe could happen in the markets. So to be specific, we prepared our guidance really assuming that in all markets, we would see stable conditions, maybe with a slight improvement more geared towards the North American market than the International market. However, we do believe that, that is being conservative. We do believe that the North American markets, both in dental and in veterinary, could see -- the potential was there to see a little bit faster growth in the markets than what we're assuming, although, again, we want to be conservative in our guidance. And really, we think that international, while it's less likely to happen in 2014, because it just may take a little longer, there is the opportunity for some better market conditions, maybe even in the tail half of 2014. But again, because the timing of exactly when that happens and because it's really impossible to predict, our guidance is really geared toward being a little bit more conservative on market conditions than what we think is likely to happen. The same thing would be true when you look at foreign exchange. We took a slightly conservative position on exchange rates in our guidance. No one really, I believe, knows exactly which way that's going to go, but we tried to be conservative on that. And I'm not trying to paint a picture that we're being ultraconservative, we're not. But we do have slight conservative -- conservatism built into our guidance because of the uncertainties and the unknowns in the marketplace.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So on our tax rate, yes, we would be looking for our tax rate to remain in that 30% range. So that's for Q4, but it's also true for 2014. That's what we think is achievable. So I know when I looked at some early sell-side notes, some people thought it was a one-time benefit for the 30%, but we don't believe that's true. We believe that'll stay in that range. With respect to share repurchase, we are expecting to do a small amount of share repurchase. Really what we're expecting is to finish our authorized share repurchase amount of $75-ish million as part of our guidance, but we really don't have more than that built in. We do believe that we will continue with between $200 million and $300 million of share repurchase per year. We expect to talk about that in upcoming board meeting, but at this point we don't have approval for that, although I feel like the board is very positively inclined on the share repurchase program. I'm trying to remember, was there a third piece...
Steven Paladino: Well, that's an obviously very difficult question. The easy part of the answer is, we're really not assuming any significant, or really any benefit in our guidance related to the Affordable Care Act, although we do believe that there'll be more covered lives, somehow, some way. We do believe that it should help patient traffic to our core customer, the physician practice, because it's trying to drive more efficient health care by moving patients out of acute care settings into physician or alternate care settings. But again, there's still so much uncertainty around what's going on there that we didn't feel it was wise to put any of that into our guidance.
Steven Paladino: So, David, that only occurs in our U.S. Animal Health business. And we did say that the sales growth, normalized for that switch, was 4.8% for the quarter. There is not any similar agency sale concept in any of our other markets, although on the medical side, I think what's important to note is timing of flu vaccine sales, and I think it's important especially when looking at profitability and growth rates in the current quarter. We had about $8 million less flu vaccine sales in Q3 versus Q3 last year. For us, we don't really get concerned over that, because it's purely timing that will reverse in Q4. And as Stanley said, the timing of selling flu vaccines, the peak time is September and October, and this year it just so happened that more was weighted towards October than September. But that's the only kind of normalization adjustment on the medical side.
