Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Graham. Good morning, everyone and of course, thank you for all joining us. Let me take this opportunity to thank Team Schein for the team’s extraordinary effort over the past 2 years. Despite the impact of the global COVID-19 pandemic, we are pleased to report excellent full year 2021 financial results, including an outstanding fourth quarter that exceeded our expectations. Our fourth quarter results were driven by strong internal sales growth in local currencies of 6.3%, when excluding sales of personal protection equipment or PPE and COVID-19 related products as well as prior year sales to Covetrus under the transition agreement and acquisition growth of 4.3%, while also reporting operating margin expansion of 30 basis points. So, we are pleased with our sales results and we are pleased with our operating margin expansion. We have updated our 2022 financial guidance based on this latest view of our businesses. Steven will provide additional details on that topic in a moment. We have also completed a strategic review recently of our businesses and we are excited to recently present an updated 2022 to 2024 strategic plan to our board. We update our strategic plan generally every 3 years. The 2022 to 2024 strategic plan was very well received by our board. The updated guidance reflects the execution of two key strategic priorities contained in the strategic plan: first, continuous operational improvement in our distribution businesses, leading to exceptional customer experience and profit improvement. This was complemented by increasing the overall contribution of our technology and value-added services businesses and our Dental Specialty products, which have higher sales growth and higher operating margins. So, specifically, our technology and value-added services businesses and our dental specialties products businesses, together for the full year of 2021, achieved internal local currency sales growth of over 21%, combined with operating margin of 20%. Together, these products and services represented, in 2021, 13% of our global revenue and about 36% of our full year operating income, with combined sales – with a combined sales run-rate of over $1.7 billion and growing at low double-digits. Before I return the call over to Steven – before I turn over the call actually to Steven, I would like to comment on an announcement that we made in early last month. For the past 35 years, it has been my privilege to work alongside Steve Paladino. Steve joined the Henry Schein finance department in 1987 when the business was approximately $125 million in revenue and has served as our CFO for the past 20 years. Steve has been a remarkable leader during the pre-IPO period, the period leading to the IPO, the IPO and in the 27 years since. Steve led in a consistent and most credible way, balancing the needs of our constituents and resulting in 13% compound annual growth in stock price since the IPO’s post spin-off of Covetrus. In early January, we announced Steve’s planned retirement from Henry Schein, which will be effective as of April 29. Of course, it’s bittersweet to bid farewell to a colleague who has worked right down the hall for 3.5 decades. However, Steve will remain a member of our Board of Directors and will come an adviser to Henry Schein. All of us at Henry Schein wish Steve the best in his well-deserved retirement. But he is still going to be part of the company. We have a deep bench strength in our management team across the company. And as Graham mentioned, on the finance side, Ron will be assuming Steve’s responsibility as our new CFO. Ron has been our Vice President of Corporate Finance since 2008 and our Chief Accounting Officer since 2013. Ron will be supported by Olga Timoshkina, who will be assuming the role of Chief Accounting Officer. Olga joined Henry Schein in September from EY, where she was a partner in Accounting Advisory Services and has a deep technical accounting knowledge. We actually worked with Olga before when she was at EY. Ron and Olga are complemented by Graham, who has been with the company for almost two decades, having rotated through most of our businesses as the business Chief Financial Officer. And of course, the rest of our outstanding finance team will continue to provide outstanding services. We are confident there will be a smooth transition from Steve to Ron. Ron is joining us on today’s call. With that, I will turn the call over to Steve to review our financial results and discuss our 2022 financial guidance. Please, Steven, and thank you again for all you’ve done for the company, for all our team and for our shareholders. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Let me just add a little bit more to that. First of all, my favorite story is when we were on the road with a William Blair salesperson who said, “Stan, you talk too much. Listen to Steven.” So I just want to point out that for the specialty products and technology products, we are investing heavily in R&D in these areas and have good results, whether it’s in the endo, the orthodontic, dental surgery or, in fact, the whole Henry Schein One area. Many, many – if I am looking at a list at Henry Schein One, that’s seven or eight significant new product launches in the last two quarters or so quarters. So, these businesses are going to drive even higher margin in the future. We can’t say exactly when because there is still a lot of investment going on. But they are in driving operating income, but we expect for that to grow over time as this new development, the R&D projects materialize.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Your observation, by the way, is correct. I think it’s particularly acute in the DSO world. I can see light at the end of the tunnel. We have two areas of support for our customers. One is Henry Schein One does help with identifying office managers and helping to train the office managers, etcetera, etcetera. And we do have a staffing business. It’s relatively small, but we are – this is in our services, value-added services business, and we are investing heavily in that area to advance.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. There is also a little bit of deflation occurring in some of the commodities, obviously in the PP&E area, quite substantial. Some of the other commodities, there is an opportunity to consolidate purchasing power on behalf of our customers, so we are getting support in that area. And also, I would say on – in the digital dentistry area. 3D imaging has come down in pricing and it’s making it more affordable to the general dentist. And the whole scanner world is also coming down in pricing which ultimately, I think, will lead to standard of use. We are not there yet. A lot of practices don’t have it, but I think there is going to be more units going out to general dentists in the scanner world. And we have many, many options, including some of our major suppliers today are advising that they are going to come up with more competitive offerings in future. So, I think it’s not as bad as you read in the newspapers, but we are in an inflationary period for sure, on our payroll as well. And we have to balance all of this to ensure that we do the right thing for all the constituents, including Henry Schein and our investors. And I believe our management team is doing a great job in this area.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So, I think on the equipment side, the demand for digital dentistry has created a lot of interesting new products being introduced, an examination by some of the supplier – existing suppliers who are saying, there are markets that we are not penetrating and are advancing ideas in more affordable scanners. At the same time, those that have had 2D imaging machines can now upgrade to 3D at a relatively low price, that sale as a unit. So, you take all of this, the drive towards digital dentistry to some extent, not fully, is similar to what you may have experienced in the calculator or in the PC world, greater demand, more efficiency and movement towards standard of care when it comes to 3D imaging scanners. But I might add right away, and please take into account, the whole area of 3D printing is now emerging and is also becoming much more affordable. So, we expect all of this stuff to balance and result in greater demand and greater sales and profits for the digitalization of dentistry. And for Henry Schein, that ties in, in an interoperable way with Henry Schein One. So, this is all a very exciting period for us. A lot of movement, a lot of excitement and dentists are awakening to the importance of digitalization in dentistry, more to follow. It’s a key component of our strategic plan, but we just don’t have time to talk all – about all of that today.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. On the implants in particular, and of course, we also have a very nice business in bone regenerations. Products and implants, we have a premier lines, a couple of premier lines, namely Camlog and Horizons. We also have Medentis in the discount area, and – I wouldn’t say discount but lower-priced. Our products tend to be more, again, on the premium side, but relatively lower-priced. And Camlog has had significant new product offerings over the years, last year I mean, so the Camlog progressive line has done quite well. The Pro, another area has done well, the Fusion line and the NovaMetrix on the biomaterials side, lots of new developments. We actually believe we have a pretty comprehensive competitive offering in the implant, the oral surgery line. Likewise, I think on the endodontics and orthodontics side. Happy next time we have a call or should you want specific details, happy for you to reach out to our Investor Relations. Unfortunately, we don’t have more time now, but we are very excited about our specialty products and our Henry Schein One and other value-added services.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So again, Steven, all the best officially, but we know you will be guiding us for years to come, be involved with our team. Ron views you as a mentor and so do our – all our senior executives value our relationship. And so we will continue the relationship and your advice to Henry Schein’s Board and to our management team. So, thank you for everything. Thank you to all our investors. Sorry, we went over a little bit today. If anybody has any questions, please reach out to Graham, Investor Relations, who can put you in touch with Steven or Ron South. So, thank you all for calling in. We look forward to seeing you – to speaking to you in the early May meeting call. And we will be participating in a few investor conferences coming up. As perhaps you can understand from the tone of this call, we are very, very excited about the company. We are very excited about our ‘22-23 strategic plan and the execution of that. So, thank you all for calling and stay safe.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Sorry, I was on mute and want to – I’m back. So first on the extra week, the extra week is probably one of our slowest weeks of the year because it’s the last week of the year so it’s a holiday week. We generally see a lot of practices and customers even slow that week or close that week. So it’s not a normal week. It’s a very slow week for us. All of that, though, is incorporated into our guidance range of 6% to 8% of sales growth in 2022 over 2021. And remember, that sales growth is all in, so it includes acquisitions that occurred in 2021 that you now have the full year impact of, but it does not include any acquisitions, new acquisitions that we may do in the year. So, it’s baked into that 6% to 8% number. And again, it’s a slow week. On January sales performance, so what we have said and what we believe is that, yes, we did see, first in Q4, we did see some modest impact of the Omicron variant impacting our customers. That continued and probably accelerated slightly into January. We saw more patient appointment cancellations and rescheduling of patients really because even staff of dental practices were impacted by the Omicron and were closed by some absenteeism. But as Stanley said, as we exited January, we started to see a pickup of sales just modestly again. So, we do believe that those sales – that sales impact is temporary caused cancellations of payments, but they will be rescheduled and we are not expecting that to be a long-term negative impact. Similarly, in Medical, we did see some elective procedures canceled in some of our customers in January. But again, we do believe that to be temporary. It’s primarily impacting ambulatory surgery centers. It didn’t have a significant impact on our business, but we also believe that, that will reaccelerate and is a temporary impact. We are trying to be less best thing on sales. We are trying to be a little bit conservative on PPE and test kits. As we said on the prepared remarks, we are assuming approximately 10% lower sales of test kits for the year. And we also have assumptions on PPE with lower average selling prices built in there. So, hopefully, that helps you on some of the sales numbers, Matt.
Steven Paladino: Sure. And thanks for the kind words, Jeff. I have enjoyed building relationship with you and all those difficult questions that you typically ask. So, we do expect in our guidance that we might see a little bit – some modest gross margin expansion over 2021. Again, that’s driven primarily by a shift to higher-margin products, but we don’t expect a major change in gross margin, but either flat to slightly modest increase. And we really do expect that the margin expansion will come from leveraging expenses primarily as well as, again, shifting towards higher-margin products and impacting it on the operating margin side. So, that’s the way we built our budget for 2022.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I would say we haven’t given that level of specifics. But remember, we also want to invest in those businesses, so there may be some additional investment. But I would say generally speaking, that the margins should generally hold in both the technology and the dental specialties. Obviously, if we did acquisitions in either of those areas, that could change the mix. But I think it generally should hold – and again, that’s helping on overall margin as those businesses grow faster than the core business.
Steven Paladino: Remember, the restructuring that we completed in 2021 really wasn’t all that significant. I am trying to put out a number. For the year, it was $7.9 million. Typically, our restructuring has a 12-month to 18-month payback, so the impact, something less than that $7.9 million. But remember, some of the reasons for doing the restructuring is for us to also free up dollars to continue to invest for our future growth.
Steven Paladino: Sure, yes. So, the two larger DSO contracts that were awarded during 2021, we now have on-boarded those customers, so those are flowing through our sales numbers in Q4. We still should have an annualized impact in 2022, but much more modest, because we have been seeing a lot of those sales already in 2021. With respect to DSO contracts, we probably always have one or two every year that is coming up for renewal. We don’t have them all a bunch stuffed in one particular year like we did many years ago. We feel very good with our relationships with DSO customers. We feel like we serve them really well. Our pricing is very sharp. So, we feel good about the renewals. But there is always one or two every year.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, technology, especially our services that are based on patient traffic, was impacted and was slower to return to pre-COVID level, so we are seeing a nice impact from that. We haven’t really given specific guidance, but certainly, we would like to see that segment be double-digit top line grower and hopefully, slightly greater than that because of margin opportunity. So, we feel good about that business. Now the only thing is I would caution that double-digit sales assumes no major shift to a SaaS model where I think everyone knows that in the SaaS model, you would record revenue every month, so it’s an annuity, which is good for the company. But if you compare it to a non-SaaS model where you have the sales all upfront, it does impact overall sales growth. Should that become material, I am sure we can carve that out for investors. But right now, it’s not that material.
Steven Paladino: Yes, maybe I will kick off. So, I think that the bulk of the price increases that we were expecting have come through already. There may be – there is a few manufacturers who have done more than one price increase, but the bulk have come through. But if inflation continues at this rate, I guess it’s possible that more could come through going forward. From a customer perspective, look, there is always – whenever prices go up, there is always a little bit of pushback, but I think customers understand that we are in a highly inflationary environment. It’s not just us that are raising prices, it’s really across the board. And I think that helps that people have awareness of inflation going on. But there is always a little pushback, but it’s certainly very manageable, and we think that we will be successful in passing through those price increases. Even though it’s unfortunate, we would prefer not to, but we are getting price increases so we just kind of have to pass it through to the end user.
