Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. I appreciate that. Operator, we are ready to take any questions that investors may have.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So Jon, that of course is a very important question. We believe we are at this 85% to 90% floor. The larger customers that are more sophisticated from an IT point of view are buying -- using either the e-commerce systems that we offer or workarounds. I would say that is even with the smaller customers -- the midsized customers. The smaller customers are relying on visits from the field sales consultants to collect the orders, or they were until recently, and from the telesales reps. So the funnel for doing that is not as wide as of course, digital ordering.  So I think we will start seeing much more business from the smaller customers, which are a key part of our business as the website returns. But we have very good relationships with our customers, the field sales consultants, tremendous telesales connectivity and, of course, the value-added services. Generally, we've not heard of customers leaving us. Have customers made alternative decisions? Yeah, of course. Some of the buyers of pharmaceuticals couldn't wait, for example, for controlled drugs. We expect our controlled drug system to be up relatively soon.  So I would say, generally, we are heartened by the support we've received from our customers. Jon, as you know, unfortunately, cyber issues in health care have been quite prevalent. In fact, the first six months of this year, there were over 300 incidents in health care alone. So the customer base is quite attuned to this.  And obviously, it's going to be a lot of work on behalf of our field sales representatives and our telesales people as well as our e-commerce team to bring all the customers back. There will be some trailing, I would imagine. But overall, we remain quite enthusiastic about the level of support we receive. And by the way, not only from our customers, but the entire industry has been very, very supportive of us.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Elizabeth. Again also two very, very good questions. So let me just provide one more time the context which, I think, we tried to communicate our prepared remarks. So we experienced the cybersecurity incident, we got suspicious. And what we did was -- and our CTO made a brilliant move, he brought the whole system down immediately.  He knew -- he was quite comfortable that our backups were good. So our backups have turned out to be very good. And what we need to do now is turn on application by application. Before you can turn on that application, you have to do certain forensic work to make sure that there are no sleepers in there. And so that's what we've been doing.  I would say that at the moment, other than the website, we're more or less back to where we were. There are a few areas that require additional turning on, some involving invoicing, some involving the returns function. And the only area we can't really supply right now because we're super cautious is on controlled drugs, although we have an affiliate that was not impacted and they are shipping controlled drugs if need be. We expect all of these areas, and this is expect, to be up and running this week. There are some isolated areas where we have challenges. I would say they have less to do with the customer side. We have some parts of the world where we have WMS systems that are not fully functional yet. It's not impacting the customer because the E3 system, the basic buying system is working, has been working for a while. But it's just taking us a lot more human capital, human resources in receiving the products, putting them away, and picking. Those areas will come back, I think, in the next few weeks. So I think from a customer point of view, we're in pretty reasonable shape today.  Yeah, if a customer has an inquiry on certain purchases made some time ago, we may not be able to give an instant response. We may have to do some research through the backups. But in general, operationally, actually we were doing quite well a couple of days after -- two days after the cyber incident. The key here is to remember that our backups are in pretty good shape, and we feel very confident in the way we're bringing up these systems one at a time.  Our team on the IT side is remarkable, our investor -- our consults are just the best. And we feel pretty good that we are bringing up systems that are stable, and we just have to go through the cycle. But I don't think we're talking about that long. But I'm not sure -- but I'm quite sure that from a customer point of view, other than the items I mentioned, we'll be in pretty good shape tomorrow hopefully when the website comes up.
Stanley Bergman: So Jeff, obviously, we've provided a lot of thoughts around this, as have analysts and as the industry. So in broad terms, we believe our business is relatively recession-resilient. It goes down a bit, it will come back. Our North American dental consumable business, as you correctly point out, had flat internal growth.  We saw moderate softness in patient traffic in North America due to appointment cancellations, mostly in September. It's hard to tell how long that has continued. It was similar in the first two weeks of October. But thereafter, obviously, because of the cyber incident, it's hard to project. If you look at -- I'm talking about North America now, sales of traditional dental equipment have been largely reverted to the pre-pandemic levels. And we think that's growth in the mid-single digits. Digital equipment sales continued to be impacted by lower average selling prices and it's hard to again give you an absolute as to when we expect this to normalize. My sense is, and that's what our equipment people say, it will normalize sometime in the first quarter of next year. If you look at our international business, overall, volumes of consumer build merchandise held steady across most regions. If you project that into the international equipment sales, there is a slowdown in large equipment in parts of the world. But there are also some unique reasoning for that in places -- for example, in places like Australia, there was a tax incentive that ended. So yeah, I think there is some caution amongst our customers in parts of the world because of the macroeconomic issue in parts of Europe. I don't think it's necessarily bad in any one country. Overall speaking, I think health insurance is, in the U.S. typically provided through employment could be a lagging indicator. So this could impact activities, hard to tell. And if it does, it's probably mostly higher end procedures. I think we indicated that on the implant side in North America, we did see some softness on the premium side. Outside the U.S., of course, we have countries -- there's a lot more government payment to support. So it's hard to give you an indication of really how far down people's views would go of the economy having an impact on dentistry. But from the past, it's never been significant.  By the way, we are seeing similar trends between private practices and the large practices. But of course, equipment sales for the DSOs are not as strong as they were given the cost of interest. But we also have to understand that DSO sales could be lumpy, they always have been. On patient traffic, if you take a look at the ADA [ph] survey, it did indicate some patient traffic slowness in the third quarter, probably mostly in September. There's an argument that it's because of the flu, traditional flu, COVID-19 impact. And then you go and you take a look at implants in Europe where they were okay. So there's not a definitive downward trend, but there is a little bit of caution at the margin. And I think we have to take that position. At least, we have to plan for that.
Stanley Bergman: Just to add to Ron's comment, for a period of time, the only way our customers' good order with us was through a field sales representative or through telesales. A huge percentage of our orders, something like 70% of our orders, come digitally. That's the good news. We trained our customers that the best way to do business is digitally.  The challenge is that 70% of orders had to go through our field representatives and telesales. That funnel was not large enough for a few weeks. So customers couldn't -- not all customers could buy through us. As we expanded our digital ordering capability, as our field sales people got more efficient ways in which to into the orders and we have incredible work around that came up very quickly, but for a period of time they were not there.  And the telesales team had limited capacity. Of course, we were able to expand the telesales team's capacity. We had a model in place. We have a procedure in place that actually was tested during COVID, and literally overnight, we expanded the capacity. The challenge was the funnels for a few days were not big enough to accept all the orders. So now we can accept the orders. It will be much more efficient with direct customer entry through the website, and we expect that is going to result in customers coming back who had to maybe go elsewhere for urgent products. But I think a number of our customers, specifically some of the smaller ones held out. And I think they will come back and give us the orders that maybe they were holding on to. But it's going to take some time through the end of the fourth quarter for us to ensure that our systems are back to normal and in terms of the customers' thinking
Stanley Bergman: I would say on balance, it's spread out reasonably. There are parts of the world where electronic ordering is not as large as, say, in the United States. So those customers have been more comfortable ordering through telesales representatives or field sales representatives. But it's more or less okay. Actually, on average, Europe is a little bit higher but then actually don't have all the systems we have in the U.S. So I don't think you can read anything into that. This is a period when we started out with minimal systems on first day. And by the end of the third day, we had a lot of systems working. And then as the month went by, more and more systems came up.  So it's been a period of the customers adjusting to what's available, some places that may be adjusted faster than others. But I don't think we can read anything in the first month of this incident, anything specific. And some products are more elective than others, aesthetic products or maybe products relating to like toothbrushes, et cetera. They're not necessarily that urgent. So we'll see how this materializes. But I don't think, Jason, I wish we could give you some conclusive information. But there's too many puts and takes here to understand exactly whether these trends are related to particular products or regions.  Let me remind you that our equipment business was operational throughout this period, did not have full support of systems. But mainly for customer needing service, they've got it. Not all the equipment orders that we received are being installed right now. There will be a catch-up in the next couple of months.  We went into the period with a pretty decent backlog of equipment, partially driven by the very successful [Indiscernible]. So not all of that has been shipped as fast as we would have wanted to, not because we don't have the ability to install new equipment but simply because it's just a bit more inefficient given the fact that certain of our equipment systems were not running and we're relying on a lot of manual systems.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think this is a good question, Nathan. We did not have E3 operating for -- I can't remember when it was, the first week. So we were buying based on historical data of about a month or so old. That system came up pretty quickly. There was some challenges in the receiving department because we didn't have the full software stored on the receiving side.  But I would say other than maybe one or two actually suppliers that had concerns about corrupting their systems, we're back electronically ordering, even those of, I think, one that I was involved with quickly removed any concern they had. And we've been buying product in an orderly way. I would say that on some manufacturers, we went into the quarter with very good inventory for multiple reasons. But essentially, our suppliers have been very helpful. We've gotten the product we need.  We may have slightly increased inventories in certain areas. But Ron can address the balance sheet, per se. But essentially, I have to say the support we've gotten from our manufacturers has been truly remarkable. Some that helped us with drop shipments maybe in the first week or two. We felt we wanted to lighten up our load in our warehouses, but it wasn't needed. We just took that as a precaution.
Stanley Bergman: Mid-February. And I think our filings with the SEC, although a little -- an aspect of it has been delayed for a few weeks, it will be on time. And thank you very much for your patience.
Ron South: Yeah. Thanks, Jon. Yes, you're correct in that the $0.55 to $0.75 that we've called out as Q4 impact is attributable to business interruption impact. It does not include the onetime cost that we are incurring that are directly attributable to reactivating the systems. And right now, it's our intent that when we report the Q4 results, we'll be calling out those particular costs as part of our non-GAAP reconciliation. In terms of run-rate into '24, that will be something that really is largely contingent on the level of business that we see with One web being back up. That is a very important turning point for us. It's something we're very excited about in the organization this week. And I think that we'll have greater intelligence in terms of what's happening with customer retention with One web back up. I do anticipate we will likely have some, whatever you want to call them, customer retention programs or promotions in the quarter that may put a little bit of pressure on I4 margins. I wouldn't expect it to be real significant. But having said that, we do want to show some appreciation to our customers, and we do want to ensure that we go into 2024 with a solid of a base of businesses that we can possibly have.
Ron South: Sure, Jeff. I think I'll kind of address the first item around customer retention and the third item of customer loss somewhat together. And I think we will have a greater feel for that in the coming weeks. The -- as I was saying earlier, the restoration of -- or the reactivation of our website will bring us much more intelligence in terms of what that customer retention and what the potential for customer loss might be, and as a result, what the necessary investment may be to recover some of that business and some of those customers. And that will be taken into consideration when we communicate our 2024 guidance in February of next year. I think in terms of higher cyber spend, like everything else, we'll assess where we think is -- what is the appropriate investment if we believe it's necessary relative to anything else, we will do that. But I think right now, we're still in the midst of understanding the cause of this. The forensic investigation is ongoing. And we will invest accordingly according to that, if necessary. If it's necessary to increase that investment, we will.
Ron South: Yeah, John, I would say there's really two primary things, one being the absolute volumes of customers that -- we have some customers who only use the website to order. And while the website is down, they're not ordering. And now that the website is up, we expect a significant percentage of those customers to return. To the extent that we have to -- that we want to provide incentives to those customers. And that kind of leads us to the second factor that we've taken into consideration, and that is the margins, to the extent we have some discounting in the quarter that would show up in the gross margins.  So I think those are the areas that really are impacting our models in terms of what we believe the Q4 impact will be. We've run multiple scenarios and we've really kind of have triangulated to that $0.55 to $0.75 at this point. We'll gain much more intelligence over the coming weeks -- with the website associated with that.
Ron South: Yeah. So we're -- we've operated four weeks since we deactivated the system. Obviously, the most significant impact was that we've won. We saw a significant improvement in week two. That led into improvement in week three. And I would say week four was consistent with week three in terms of the volumes that we were processing.  I do think there is a ceiling on that 85 to 90 where we are now that we can get through with One web up. And that will be -- like I was saying earlier, that's the intelligence we need to gather over the next couple of weeks when we see which customers have returned to us to close that 85 to 90 to get it to 100. So that's really where we're operating right now.
Ron South: Yeah, Jason, I think that we do have -- our larger customers have really stuck with us through this, which we're very appreciative of that. And so we don't expect any significant attrition there. The 85% to 90% on the ordering, like I said before and as Stanley added, these are -- a lot of these are customers who are -- don't rely on FSCs, don't rely on our sales reps on the dental side. And so I think that's really the run rate that we'll be looking to improve as we go into '24, and we'll be able to reflect whatever our assumption there is in our '24 guidance when we provide that.
Ron South: Yeah. Nathan, just to add to Stanley's remarks, I don't expect this to have a significant impact on our inventory levels. The one area we could see a little bit of impact, and we've baked some assumptions into our Q4 guidance on this, is the -- it could reduce our rebates a little bit because our rebates are largely -- are primarily now, especially in North America, our sellout rebates as opposed to purchasing rebates. So to the extent that we do not recover some of the sales in the fourth quarter could impact our rebates in the fourth quarter. In terms of capital deployment, I don't really see any change. The balance sheet is strong, remains strong going into this incident and strong coming out of the incident. I don't see any significant changes in how we're deploying capital as a result of this.
Ron South: Yeah. Nathan, I think if you think back to our Investor Day last February, for example, our dental assumption then was, say, in the 2% to 4% range in terms of long-term growth. I think it's probably fair to say we're trending closer to the lower end of that range. And I think that in terms of dental specialties which is included within our dental merchandise numbers that we provide, as we mentioned in the prepared remarks, there have been some -- there is some softness in the end markets on implants that I think is probably pushing some of that dental specialty growth that we would like to get more towards the lower end of that range as well.  So I would suspect as we get -- as we sit down and try to finalize our 2024 numbers, while we still feel good in the long term about those growth trends, we could see '24 trading to something that would be more towards the lower end of that range.
Ron South: Absolutely. Absolutely, Kevin. So if you take EDI plus the web combined, so essentially electronics type of ordering, it's in the 70% to 75% range. Well, I think the 85% to 90% on the orders we're talking about, kind of that missing 10% to 15%, we think, is largely attributable to customers who exclusively ordered electronically and did not have a rep. They didn't want a rep. They perhaps use multiple distributors. And so because they didn't have a rep who could assure that they were getting the product that they wanted, they simply ordered from someone else. So I think that's the question, is how much of that business can we get back. That's what we're working to get back.
Ron South: Yeah. A lot of those others were able to, through their rep or otherwise, we're able to place orders through our telesales channel, or their rep was able to make sure that their order got put in accurately and completely.
