Steven Paladino: Yes, Jeff, thanks for the question. We had an extraordinary quarter in sales, and that drove the operating margin. We continued to look at driving expenses down, but we’re not giving specific guidance on margins. But I think it’s important to note, this is a 5-year high, this operating margin of 8.40%. So I think it will moderate, but we’re not going to give specifics at this time on that. We’re continuing to look at reducing expenses. Some expenses will come back later in the year, we’re estimating, like travel, like conventions and some other things. But we’re still very pleased and we still think long term we have a significant opportunity to continue to expand operating margins annually.
Steven Paladino: Yes. First, Jeff, your estimate on growth is pretty accurate over 2019. I think that there’s a couple of things that will reduce sales growth a little bit. Stanley mentioned PPE prices moderating, including COVID test kits moderating. But we still feel that we’ll have solid growth over 2019 because the market is continuing to improve, again, 87% patient traffic in the U.S. Hopefully, that will continue to climb up. So we’re feeling pretty good about sales growth in Dental as well as Medical for the balance of the year.
Steven Paladino: Well, Steve, a, you’re right. It’s a floor. But remember also, I think Q1, the estimates for the quarter were low compared to the full year estimates. I think a lot of the analysts assumed a significant increase going forward in estimates, and that’s why there’s such a big beat in Q1. But we don’t see anything structurally changing going forward. I don’t want to give specific guidance for Qs 2, 3 and 4. But structurally, we see the market and the business still faring well. And again, it’s a floor, so hopefully, we’ll do better than that floor.
Steven Paladino: Yes, Jon. I think the gross margins improved for a few reasons. One is mix, but two, lower inventory adjustments than we’ve had previously, which is something we talked about that we would have lower inventory adjustments. And I do think that going forward, say, for mix changes, we feel good about the gross margin level and where it’s at.
Steven Paladino: Sure, Nathan. So on PPE pricing, it depends on the product category. Some protect categories are declining relatively significantly, namely the COVID tests and others are kind of really just normalizing a bit. I would say though that we continue to expect the margins for COVID and PPE products to be similar to average margins that we have in the business group, whether it’s Dental or Medical. So we see the margins continuing, but the sales price may come down. The sales may come down even though the units will stay probably high.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Let me just add something, a comment from a macro point of view, Jeff. We’re feeling pretty good about the global dental market. It’s bounced back, particularly strong in some of the specialty areas, at least in our business. The only caution we have to add is, we’re in the midst of a pandemic. The pandemic is not finished. We saw what -- we can see what’s going on in India and a number of other parts of the world. This could all come back. So I don’t want to be a negative cloud over the dental industry or our performance as a company. But assuming things continue, assuming we do not have any major setbacks because of COVID, I remain extremely bullish about the dental markets. In particular, there is a growing understanding amongst payers that there’s a direct correlation between good oral care and good health care. I expect that governments around the world will recognize this. It will be greater reimbursement for dentistry. Can’t say it’s going to be next quarter. But I think we can continue to be relatively bullish about the dental market with one big footnote. No one knows where this virus is going. And that’s the basis under which Steven gave guidance at a floor. And we just can’t give guidance on the upside because we just don’t know where this virus is going to take us. The virus will, at some point, be over though.
Stanley Bergman: I would say, in general -- it’s a good question. Thank you for that question. The implant mount markets have been pretty steady across the world. Remember, our strength is in the U.S., in Canada and in Germany. Of course, we’re active in a number of other countries, including Japan, some business, of course, in China. But in the markets I mentioned that we are strong in, the markets are pretty good. But I would also say that we have been pretty productive in those markets. We’ve gained market share, and this has been going on now for quite a few years. So our -- whereas the markets are strong, we believe our market share has grown with our premium line, which is the BioHorizons, CAMLOG lines, and with our discount line, the Mega Dental -- Medentis, I mean, knowing full well that the markets we’re in are not necessarily growing as fast as some of the developing world markets. But in the markets we’re in, we’re doing quite well. I think that may be, to some extent, related to Henry Schein’s uniqueness in those markets. But overall, one can say that the implant markets are doing okay and that there is a focus on more expensive dentistry right now.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I -- it’s also a good question. On the Medical side, our Medical business has done well for several years in the base business, which is consumables, generally pharmaceuticals and equipment. There are a number of variables that are market or economy or public health dependent. The first is vaccinations. I’m not talking about the COVID vaccine now, I’m talking about general vaccination. The rate of visits to physician offices for these standard vaccinations is down. I expect -- and remember, the focus for us in the vaccination area is the United States. I expect as the COVID rates go down, more people will visit the doctor’s office for their traditional vaccines, and that part of the business will grow once again. It’s down quite a bit right now. The second relates to flu -- the traditional flu. We shipped our traditional flu vaccines pretty early in the cycle in 2020. It was slightly above the previous year. I think it is fair to say, all things being equal, unless something comes out in the press that it’s not a good idea to have a traditional flu vaccine, I expect that, that will continue in the 2021, 2022 vaccine period -- flu vaccine period, which is generally sometime between August and October. Then there’s the flu test, the traditional flu test. This is an area where there have been -- where there’s been a significant issue. And of course, it’s good for the public because the traditional flu was almost nonexistent this year. So we didn’t sell many tests, hardly sold any, in fact. And who knows where that’s going to end up in ‘20 -- at the end of ‘21, early ‘22. I have to expect, as people wear less masks going towards the end of the year, as COVID mitigates further that there will be an increase in those tests and then back to ‘19 and ‘18 levels. And then the other area is, of course, the COVID test. The price of -- firstly, we are focused on the point-of-care rapid test. I think that there will be a continued demand for those tests, but the prices have come down substantially, both for the PCR and the antigen test. So factoring all of that in, you may have some volatility in our Medical business. Having said that, the core business is doing quite well as procedures move from the acute care setting into the physician’s office, into the ambulatory care centers, and expect that this will recover as the public gets confidence in returning to the physician offices for traditional visits for their vaccinations and to the ambulatory surgical centers for elective surgery.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It’s very difficult, Steve, to give you precise information on where our sales are coming from. But I could make a couple of general statements. The first is that we believe that the high-touch model is most appropriate for dentists. We provide all the online capabilities that are normal -- let’s say, a traditional online-only provider provides. When I say traditional, these are online providers, have not been around that many years. But whatever they can offer in terms of online purchasing, we can offer. Our prices are competitive for customers that essentially use us as a primary supplier. And recent investment in TDSC confirms that if customers want to buy only from an online supplier, it’s available. We have good software there. We’re doing okay in sales. I don’t see a huge switch overnight to any one sector, whether it’s traditional or it’s online only. Over the long run, I believe that our customers will appreciate the work that full service does. Our DSOs, obviously, are a little bit more sophisticated buyers. They understand that. This whole idea of consumables equipment, specialty products and the offering of Henry Schein One altogether is a compelling offering. I think the part of the market that relates to discount purchasing and quotes, not necessarily at a discount price but perceived discount, will continue to be there at similar rates, maybe it’ll move a few percent one way or the other. But from a Henry Schein point of view, I feel confident that we will continue to gain overall market share in our Dental business as we have had -- as we have for decades. And -- but I don’t see massive shifts one way or the other. Of course, PP&E was a unique situation. I know, from Henry Schein point of view, we were extremely conservative with the quality and the regulatory process that we went through on each PP&E product we sold. I’m not sure that was the case amongst every -- amongst the rest of the distribution channels, whether it was full service or digital only. I just don’t know. But we are very, very conservative. And there were products probably that we could have bought and sold that we refused to do based on our standards. So that may have moved some product to different channels.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Our backlog is pretty good. Of course, our customers really are investing in their practices. This is not only, by the way, in North America but internationally. So as of now, our backlog is pretty strong. And just remember that the backlog only represents a portion of what’s expected to ship in the second quarter. There’s a portion of equipment sales that will not be in the backlog, that it just generated each day. But generally, the backlog has been pretty good now for a couple of quarters. And there’s a significant desire by practitioners in the United States, Canada and the rest of the world to invest in their practices.
Stanley Bergman: All right, John. On the acquisitions that we’ve made, they’re relatively small sales, not a huge amount of capital put to work. And so I’m not sure we -- I don’t even have all the information with me right now, but they’re really all over the entire platform, small acquisitions throughout the platform. As to the future, we will continue to invest, as you note, in expanding our distribution business around the world. Yes, there will be some geographic expansion. But the big focus is on value-added services, anything we can invest in that makes sense to help our customers operate a more efficient practice so that they can provide better clinical care will be on that list. Specialty product businesses, both in terms of geographic expansion and a little bit more tonnage in that regard, but also to add additional features to our product lines. And Henry Schein One, to expand on that platform. I think that is another area of great interest to us. So it’s really across the board. Of course, we never know when the deals will close. We have a history of adding to our platform and supplementing our internal growth with equity position growth for 30 years its worth. And at the moment, we don’t see any massive acquisition, but it’s a consistent addition of businesses across the platform in each of our business growth.
Stanley Bergman: At this very moment, we can get anything we really want. We don’t necessarily have every brand in the quantities we would like, but I would say that in general, there’s availability of all the -- all the products we need. There are some manufacturers that have not fully come back yet to matching our purchase orders with their shipments. I would say that most manufacturers have an issue in one way or another. I don’t think we felt necessarily the disruption that you may read about in the paper as it relates to certain semiconductors or whatever, chips. But there are some manufacturers -- I would say, across the board, there are manufacturers that don’t -- can’t ship everything we want. But generally, we can get products in every category. We may have to substitute, and that requires a lot of discussion with customers. I think this is one of the reasons why dentists and physicians appreciate full service distributors, because we can provide the guidance on dislocations in the marketplace. Having said that, I still remain very concerned with the global PP&E structure. It’s not fully worked out yet. Providing subsidies to build a factory in the U.S. doesn’t mean that those factories are going to be operational when the prices return to pre-COVID competitive purchasing, U.S. versus global pricing. So right now, we’re okay, but there is a lot of work to be done on the global PP&E and other supply chain matters.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, operator. Thank you all for calling in. Thank you for the good questions. Appreciate the interest. As we’ve been saying for a long time, we really are confident in our core business, and the additions we’ve added, our foundation, our strategy of focusing on high-touch, full-service dental and medical services, the variety of consumables equipment and pharmaceuticals that we sell, supplemented with our specialty medical and dental products, our software offerings through Henry Schein One and we have a small offering in the medical world, as well as our value-added services. So we’re optimistic that we will continue to deliver good internal growth rates, supplemented by acquisitions, adding more to our platform, driving up sales, operating margin and EPS. We’re committed, as Steven noted, to continuing to buy back stock in moderation as we have for many years, a good way to return capital to our shareholders in a tax advantage way. And so the team is -- morale is high. I believe the management team in each of our businesses is very good and corporate. So I thank you for your interest. And we will have some meetings with investors over the next few days, few weeks. Happy to answer further questions. So thank you very much. And if you have any questions, please reach out to Carolynne Borders or to Steven directly, and they’ll be happy to answer your questions. So thank you very much.
