Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. Just a couple of very brief comments on senior leadership. A couple of updates. As of July 1st, Gerry Benjamin retired from Henry Schein as EVP and Chief Administrative Officer and he stepped down from a Board when his term expired in May. Gerry has been in the company for 34 years. He will be continuing as a consultant and was an invaluable as we grew from a domestic mail order business of a couple hundred million dollars into global full service products and services business with nearly 22,000 team Henry Schein members and operations in 32 countries. We are fortunate to have a deep bench, and with Gerry’s retirement Michael Ettinger became EVP and Chief Operating Officer, reporting to me. In addition to Michael's Corporate Affairs responsibility, responsibility has assumed, responsibility for HR, IT and supply chain with each of these three functions is led by highly competent, long standing Henry Schein executives. Michael joined the Henry Schein in 1994, serving most recently as Senior Vice President of Corporate Affairs. The creation of the CEO position is a result of growing size, scope and complexity of our operations. And I'm confident that Michael will be successful in his new role, together with the leadership in general about business units, four to five big business units and the rest of the executive management team. Barry Alperin also retired from our Board of Directors at our Annual Stockholder Meeting in May. And I would like to take this opportunity to thank Barry for his 26 years of exceptional service and our board, having joined in 1996 shortly after the company's initial public offering. So operator with those comments, we’re free to answer any questions.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jason, that's a number that we're constantly trying to figure out. It's very difficult, because this is -- this COVID is going in waves, rolling waves. The good news is, I don't think we’re going to have to wait too long. July in the United States, we still saw heavy absenteeism, cancellations in the beginning part, maybe the first three weeks. And most recently, the last few weeks it's gotten better. But there is still some cancellation activity and shortages. So -- but it's been mitigated to some extent. I think we can expect that to increase in the rest of the quarter. Internationally, it's really very regionally dependent. Last quarter, Germany was really heavily hit. And in July -- since this is the call -- a public call with all our investors, I can report on this. July was exceptional. Brazil was exceptional. Australia, New Zealand, although relatively small, it's gotten worse, because last year this time, the rates were quite good. China, it's not material to the whole of Henry Schein, but generally has stabilized. Having said that, there are locked down for three, four, five days in specific locations. So my expectation is this is going to iron itself out in the third quarter. Although, there's no way to tell, that also seems like this COVID, speaking to several people in different countries in Europe, doesn't seem to be as serious. People get sick, small symptoms, and they generally come out of it within 8 to 10, 12 days. So it’s all I can give you. I wish I could give you more.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So I don't think it's across the board. Having said that, we have to be competitive. And so we can switch customers if particular manufacturers want to stick with the price increases, we have options. And customers are looking at those options. Obviously, the midsized customers and some of the -- and the bigger DSOs, national DSOs are much more if you will, educated consumers, so they can see that on one product versus another one manufacturer versus another, there are options. And I was quite clear in my remarks indicated that I don't think this will impact margin, but could impact sales in the sense that customers are moving maybe to lower-priced products for the same function, functionally the same lower price. And in some instances, obviously, the margin will be better. We're not pushing our private brand, but where we're in a competitive situation. We will push a private brand. Margins are pretty good. There's been some inflation on the private brand, but we're also in a pretty good position to work with our manufacturers. So what I'm saying generally, we can manage through this. Our margins will be good. I think we're providing excellent value-added services to our customers in this regard. What I'm excluding, of course, is PP&E, where there's deflation and generic and other pharmaceuticals where those move different directions to the general market. In all of those areas, I think we are maintaining and in fact, we likely will grow our gross profit.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question actually. I expect that no one has a crystal ball but I expect the dental staffing to emerge closer to 2019 within the next few months. Maybe it lingers into the fourth quarter. I don't think so. There is an issue still with hygienists. They feel very uncomfortable. It goes back to COVID. It's an important part of prevention of the business. But if we can get the dentists back to full complement, they’ll just have to handle a lot more of the hygiene. They have to work a little bit longer hours. Having said that, there's a lot of technology out there to make the practice of dentistry more productive, the movement from impression material to scanners to implementing systems like Ascend, drive practice efficiency. I think also the PP&E use in the practice was a little bit more intense in terms of doubling up in the amount of time dentist spent on PP&E masking, gloving, wearing these coats and things. That's become more efficient. So I think the production per practice is likely to go up as well. Now as the value-added services, this is key for us, the strategies, whether it's revenue cycle management, demand generation, a business that provides insurance coverage of discounted insurance. All sorts of activities as it goes -- as it relates to education and seminars publications and the like. We're driving different services that really increase the efficiency in their practice while facilitating better clinical care. And this has been a key strategy for years. We will invest more in it. I think we quoted eAssist, which is a business that focuses on revenue cycle management, significantly in demand, highly profitable and highly appreciated by dentists. Jarvis, which provides information on dental practice, indexes and KPIs, all of these things are in demand. And the biggest issue -- or the biggest opportunity of all is our field sales consultants are today much more appreciated for their consulting services than pre-COVID. During COVID, a number of practitioners bought product that wasn't good, didn't necessarily have the most efficient technology in the practice. And so our consultants are being consulted on these items, of course, providing good advice, but at the same time providing great stickiness.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. It's a very good question. I believe equipment is going counterintuitive to the way one would think in a challenged economy. Traditional equipment is doing well. I think -- the consumer is expecting dentists to have a good-looking modern chair and the dentists are understanding this. So they're investing in their practices. I would say, the whole restorative area is doing extremely well. That's the digital restorations particularly, whether it's scanners, full chairside and now, of course, 3D printing. All of these are in demand and specifically as it relates to interoperability with some of our software, this is all boding well. I would say, the imaging side, the units are relatively strong, not great. 2D/3D, it's not terrible, but there is some inflation in that area. And there are some shortages in terms of chips, they're holding back availability. I wouldn't say it's critical and there's options to move from one brand to the other. So what I just said to you is not a North American issue only opportunity, but this is global, where our equipment demand continues to be good. The whole traditional equipment supply chain issue was a US, North American issue, not a European issue at all. And so, on both the traditional equipment side and the restore -- digital restoration side, demand is very good in this country, North America, Canada and globally. We're quite -- 
Stanley Bergman: -- and 3D printing is also a newly emerging opportunity. So we're very optimistic about our equipment business.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, as I noted earlier, it's very hard to really identify how much of a dampening impact we had as a result of COVID. But my sense, just listening to our salespeople having gone to a couple of conferences, spending time with customers is that -- it's -- there were several hundred basis points on the consumable side that are related to this dampening because of COVID. I expect that, that will improve the rate -- at the rate of infection. Well, as it improves, we'll drive visits back to the office. That's not in the US, but globally, I think. The impact of inflation, I'm actually a little bit surprised with the fact that we've been able to keep our rates I quoted a 3% number. I think it's actually less in the non-private label in the non glove PP&E area. So the volumes are there and the inflation doesn't seem to be too bad. How it goes in, how this drives, where this ends up in the fourth quarter or even 2023 is hard to tell. We are not getting huge pushback on pricing from our point of view. But we're being asked about different brand options. And I think manufacturers are going to have to think this through. I know they're doing that now. And again, I'm talking about consumables. So it's hard to see how much inflation rate is really going to be towards the end of the fourth quarter, the beginning of the first. But it doesn't look like we've seen in other -- with other products in the general economy.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. I mean I would say that one reason we stayed with the $0.16 range is because of that macro uncertainty that you've referenced. I think that we've kind of played out different scenarios, whether it be in terms of additional inflation, whether it be from additional geopolitical concerns and we did fall within that range of guidance that we provided. So it is taken into consideration for the balance of the year that there could be further deterioration, but we feel like we have the plans in place to try to mitigate that.
Stanley Bergman: So I think you're referring specifically to the ambulatory surgical centers. We were close to 2019 numbers. I can't remember a couple of quarters back. We've gone back a little bit. But generally, ASCs are quite strong. And we are gaining market share in that area for sure. We have a lot to offer. I think ASCs are also looking at ensuring that the supply chain is efficient that they're not having too much wastage product, exploration dates on product issues, and we help for those kinds of things. So I would say, overall, that's a good area. But we're in a number of alternate sites, whether it's oncology, renal centers. And for us, these markets are all doing quite well. I do believe having said that there probably is going to be some pent-up demand for elective surgery in the ASC space that will go to market. I think people will want these procedures. And so as COVID that take us down here in the United States.
Stanley Bergman: That's a very good question. There's a clear understanding amongst all the office space practitioners, small to the largest that efficiency is critical. They're going to face reimbursement pressure to some extent, they're facing and now. I think for them, in many respects, labor costs have increased more than reimbursement. So they're turning to our sales force for advice and how to manage the practice and, of course, how to ensure that their clinical standards increase with access to the latest technology. And on the dental side, digitalization, the biggest one is the DI, the scanners in the prosthetic field. I don't know what the number is, but is because it's not clear. But I have to imagine it's still half the dentists in the developed world are still doing manual impressions. So there's a huge opportunity in that regard to convert practices using manual impression to digital impression. The whole movement of impressions to the lab and digital manufacturing of crowns and bridges in the lab is a big opportunity for us. We're a significant player in the lab space. I think we're the largest provider of laboratory products in the world. So as that moves digitally, that's a huge opportunity for us. It has been very good to us in the last year or two, but lots of opportunity in that regard. The practice management arena, the movement from -- towards a cloud-based technology from a security point of view, from a practice management point of view, the digitalization of more of the practice presents a significant amount of opportunity on the practice management side. The interoperability, connectivity between devices and practice management software is a big opportunity. Actually, that's both dental and medical. The movement to 3D printing is starting to get some good momentum. You'll hear more from us in that regard. Actually, hopefully, in the next week or two, we'll have some announcements there. So we're very excited about this on the dental side, the digitalization. And on the medical, just simply, the capital equipment that we're selling, refining practices, replacing non-digital equipment with digital equipment for diagnostics, for other activities. So generally, a more efficient digitalized practice is what practitioners are looking, seeking guidance from our field sales force for and our field sales force is much more capable today of satisfying these needs, because we've got lots of tools in their bags. More information on that, I think, Graham or Ron can provide, I'm happy to connect you with our teams -- our business teams, but simply because of time now, we've got to probably end the call. So we’re very exited about it.
Stanley Bergman: So with that in mind, I want to thank everyone for calling. We are most enthusiastic about where we are. We think our BOLD+1 2022 to 2024 strategic plan is going to play out well for us even with a contracted economy, and we're underway to implementing these goals. I’ll talk about it at a future call. Of course, a key part of that is to drive efficiency, as we drive efficiency in all of our distribution businesses as one distribution, One Schein, the notion of selling a package of products to a customer rather than one or two products or services is working well. And of course, our high-margin technology value-added services and specialty products are growing at a good pace. So we're very happy with our senior team, in general. I think the team’s doing very well, and the organization is motivated to support our senior team and our management in general. The long-term trends for our markets are good, so we believe we're servicing a very solid market with a great plan and a great team. So with that, I thank you for calling. If you have any questions, please feel free to reach out to Graham Stanley on Investor Relations or Ron directly. Then if -- Graham's contacts are on the website or it's Graham Stanley.
Stanley Bergman: Ronald South. And please feel free to reach out. And if people want to speak to me, go through those channels, too. Again, thank you very much for calling. Lots going on in the business, and we remain excited as we have for decades. Thank you very much.
