Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carol. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our third quarter financial results were excellent. And I'm delighted to report we gained market share in our 4 business groups. In fact, each group posted strong sales growth both in North America as well as internationally. So our gains were broad-based, and again, I would like to thank the team for doing such a good job. Growth in net sales for the quarter was at the highest level we reported in more than 3 years. And looking at the important metric of internal growth -- internal sales growth in local currencies, that figure was at a 7-year high. So we really are pleased with the performance this quarter. Today, we are also pleased to be raising the low end of the 2014 financial guidance, while introducing guidance for 2015 diluted EPS that represents growth in the range of 10% to 12%. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our performance and a couple of recently announced developments. But first, Steven will review our quarterly financial results. So Steven, please provide the details.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So first of all, I think our view is relatively consistent for the last several quarters. On balance, the developed world economies are leaning in the positive. Yes, there are particular challenges in Europe, but our anchor, of course, in Europe is Germany, and I wouldn't be able to represent it's the best economy we've ever had in Germany, but it's pretty good. And the U.K. is not bad. I mean, there are some -- within our businesses, there are some movements between different classes of customers. In the U.K., a customer bought a distributor, so that caused a bit of disruption. I doubt that will work long-term. It certainly has backfired, and we've been able to pick up a lot of other business. So you have those kinds of things that happen. But overall, I think the businesses are leaning in the positive. So we just need to make sure that the world stays stable from a political point of view. And I think we'll continue to see good solid progress. It's not 2008 numbers, but we are in the positive column. And then we continue to gain market share. And why do we do that? I think our model works well, our model, which is a model of database marketing, telesales-driven, with heavy e-commerce. And then the umbrella over all of this is our field sales consultants. So we have gradually, over the years, moved our sales force from a sales force of order-takers to a sales force of consultants, helping the practitioners with consulting advice. Now it's not absolute. Not every business works using this model perfectly each day, but it's a gradual movement. And I think the investments have paid off. If we didn't have those investments, our operating margin could jump up quite quickly. But we continue to believe we need to put money aside to advance our model, whether it's in the database marketing area, in the telesales area or advising our -- or educating our consultants to be better advisers. And this is all an investment that I believe will pay off well over the years to come. And of course, it's our culture, and our culture drives it as well. So there's very few products in Henry Schein that are patented. And why are we more successful than our competition? It's because of the culture in the company. So you put all this together, and I think it works here and it works in Europe. Of course, being abroad and of course, being in Europe, of course, being in China, even Australia and Canada are slightly different cultures to the way we do things in this country. So we have invested in management over the years in all of the countries we're in. You take a look at both Brazil and South Africa, we had young MBAs that we brought on board a decade ago to prepare us for entry into those 2 markets. And so we make these investments to invest. And the shareholders do well in the long run. The investments are now continuing in other markets. So I think it's the model, and it works for us.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I'll answer, then Steven will get his specifics for you. So we have been investing in the clinical integration, big data side of the Practice Management Animal Health side for years. And when I say years, I think we've owned these businesses now for -- this is the third year. So from the day we actually made the investment in ImproMed and, of course, on the various systems we've been selling, although that we were selling that we didn't own, including AVImark, and then we made the investment in AVImark, we've been -- I guess it's been a 3-year process. And we've been investing and more importantly, bringing the distribution side and the technology side closer together. We have, of course, had experience on the Dental side. It took us a decade to get it right in Dental. Distributors and technology companies are very different. They think different, and they're both responsible, in our case, for their own bottom line, but it's the synergies that they move to work on together. Never, never easy, but I think we've figured this out quite well. And it paid off in Dental. And in the last few years, we've worked well in that area. As it relates to the specific systems, there will be pieces of the integration brought together, some already done, some will be done even better. But there will be new products coming out all the time. And I suspect that by the January -- end of the January dental meeting in Orlando, we'll have a lot more to show. And then we'll have more to show as the year goes by. And I'm not only talking about in the U.S., but globally. And I think it's an exciting time. Sometimes, you need a little bit of a wake-up call to get you to move a little faster. Our strategies were unfolding, perhaps they were delayed. We were hoping that we would benefit by perhaps even an alliance with IDEXX. But at the end of the day, we've got our team very focused. I happened to meet yesterday with our Animal Health team in Kentucky. There's a big horse show, auctions down there, and I was there with our equine team. And I've got to tell you, the team is so motivated and they're ready to, in particular, to go after this diagnostic market. So we are very, very excited about the whole Value-Added Service, Practice Management solution opportunity in Animal Health. And I think you will see a good plan unfolding a piece at a time over the next couple of years.
Stanley M. Bergman: The opportunity in our markets, opportunity for preventative care and the growing middle class throughout the world that understands this is just endless in the opportunities. And I think it is very important that we continue to invest. And with a boost in sales, I'd rather take some of that profit and invest it than to show increased operating margin and really mortgage some of the phenomenal opportunities that exist. You put out selling in the market as an example in South Africa and Brazil. Why not expand in those markets? We have -- there's no one providing our kind of service. Why not bring software to different markets? So we could slow down on that, or we could be aggressive on that. And we're investing. And that's the idea behind this restructuring is to move assets from one side of the house to another. It doesn't mean that, that number of people are going to leave the company because we may move people from one side of the house to the other. But at the end of the day, the opportunity exists for us to reposition the company for greater return going forward in a very exciting market.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes, I don't think there's any particular change in our major competitors. Actually, even some of the smaller ones are getting better, but they don't move much in terms of volume. But I think we were executing on our plans. We haven't changed our plans. We're just doing them a little better, I think. And I'm not sure if our market share growth is that different to what it has been in the past. We've always grown at -- at least for quite a while, maybe 1 or 2 quarters it has not been, but we've always grown at the GDP plus a few hundred basis points. And I think the GDP is a little bit better in North America now and maybe we grew a little bit faster this quarter. But our plans are solid, the same plans. It's educating our sales force. It's better use of database marketing. It's a more effective collaboration between telesales and field sales. We have unique assets, and no one has a telesales business like we do and a field sales force like we do. And the software is working well, lots of good things going on there, both in terms of our catalog software, our Internet capabilities, the connection between that and our Practice Management Software, the specialty businesses, the whole CAD/CAM initiative. And I don't think you can look at any 1 quarter, but that carries momentum throughout the business. So it's thousands of little things that make up the whole.
Stanley M. Bergman: So everyone, thank you very much for calling in. I appreciate all the interest, the good questions. And we will be back, I think, this time, it's 4 months, right, because the next year -- so this will be in February. As I concluded many of these calls, actually usually conclude, we're very comfortable with the business. The morale in the company is good. We've got good strategies in place. We're executing well. And I think we will just continue to focus on steady growth in terms of sales and in terms of the bottom line, while turning our profits into cash, which really is the ultimate goal of our management team and so providing increased shareholder value. If you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne, our Head of Investor Relations at...
Stanley M. Bergman: Or Steven at the same number, except the 5915 are the last 4 digits. So thank you very much. And I guess, have a good holiday season.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So I guess, the good news is really, as I said in the prepared remarks, across really all of Dental, we had a bit of an acceleration of sales growth. And Stanley talked about that we do believe that's somewhat related to increased patient traffic, but we do think we're continuing to gain market share. Both -- we had really very good growth on the implants side. Both BioHorizons, which as you know is primarily in the U.S., had stronger growth than the consumable average growth. And Camlog, on primarily the International side, the same thing is true, had stronger growth than the overall. So we also believe that the implant market is improving a little bit, continues to be good. But those specialty products did perform a bit better than the core consumable products.
Steven Paladino: Well, I think it's a good point. It's really impossible to determine that Section 179 has less tax benefit this year than last year. And what will the impact be? My personal view is it will be a little bit of headwind certainly in Q4. But longer-term, if you go out a quarter or 2 or 3 or more, I think the tax benefits accelerate people's decisions, but they're going to make those decisions anyway. So it might be a little bit of -- more difficult in Q4, but we're still expecting strong mid- to high single-digit growth in Dental equipment going forward into Q4. You're right, we do have a little bit more of a difficult comp with PlanScan and upgrades and all of that. But there is life in the equipment market, so we feel good about it. We certainly have all of that baked into our guidance for 2014 and 2015. We really had a very strong traditional equipment sales growth in North America in Q3. So that's always a good sign, an indicator of how the practice is feeling. And so while -- it always could be better and I think we feel pretty good about the equipment sales going forward. And as you know, next year is an IDS year. So that could, from a timing perspective, slow sales in Q1 and accelerate sales in Q2 and Q3. So that's just normal stuff for us at this point, but we should -- you should expect that in your estimates for 2015.
Steven Paladino: So I'll take the second half of the answer first. I think we absolutely expect to see more margin expansion going forward. This was really a case -- the margin decline really was all related to new acquisitions. As you know, when they come on board, until we could integrate, until we can get some synergies, they typically have a dilutive impact to margins without that. We were relatively flat, but we did make investments in a number of areas. We did have sales mix issues working against us. But again, as I started with, I do think that we're doing good about getting the margin expansion going forward. Some of the restructuring activities will help that going forward. But most of the restructuring activities really are designed to allow us to invest in new initiatives to grow the business, to have that sustainable growth model like we have always strived for since going public almost 20 years ago.
Steven Paladino: Just to tackle real quickly the other part of your question. If you look within the quarter, the good news is that on a month-by-month basis, and I'll focus on the nonequipment, nontechnology because nonequipment -- equipment and technology, there's always a little bit lumpiness where the strength is always in the third month of the quarter just because of the way we promote and the way commissions work and things. But if you look at the consumables, very steady month-to-month, no major, just general -- of course, there's always an exception here or there, but strong growth for each of the 3 months of the quarter. And the good news is, going to date in Q4, we've seen some of that strength continue. So we feel pretty good about the end markets. We feel pretty good that we're seeing a little bit of improvement in patient traffic on a general basis and hopefully, that will continue even to a larger extent.
Steven Paladino: Yes, just to answer the other part of your question. So yes, as I said, if you look at our overall growth in equipment, we did see a little bit stronger growth in traditional equipment this quarter than the average and a little bit less than the average in the high-tech equipment. I don't think there's really a trend there. I think what we saw was when we looked at Q2, we really pulled, I think, maybe a little bit forward in Q2, which just the timing of when installation and sales occur. And I think when we look at Q3, it's just because of the timing of the closing. I think some slipped into Q4. So again, I don't think it's a trend, but the facts are that traditional did outperform high-tech during the quarter.
Steven Paladino: Well, is it needed? It will certainly be helpful to it, but it's not the main driver for the restructuring. The main driver is, as you're planning and as you're looking forward, given as Stanley said in his comments, given the changing dynamics in the market and in the world at large, we need to deploy resources in different ways than we did over the last few years. So it's a way of us saying, "Okay. We need to do more of this and we need to do less of something else." And that's how we can balance. But it will have a positive impact on margins. We don't have detailed plans yet, so you won't see anything early in the year -- or not you won't see anything. You'll see some, but it will be more weighted towards the middle of the year and towards the end of the year. And we feel like this is something that's just so important for us to do because we talk internally a lot that we need to invest in the future, but all of our investments can't be incremental. We need to find ways of redeploying our resources, and this is really how we're doing it. Margins, look, we also are very good at, during the quarter, looking at how we're tracking and deciding whether we want to make more or less investments. Sometimes, like in the current quarter, where we saw that sales were doing well, we did a little bit more investment, and you're just seeing the impact of that, which is a little -- not much margin expansion. But that's by design because we are very good at tracking during the quarter and making tweaks in what we're doing along the way. It's just something that we've developed over the years and will hope to continue to do well.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So the restructuring costs really loosely fall into 3 buckets, and they're all under the theme of onetime costs. So -- and again, we're not prepared at this time, nor do we really want to at this time, to go into extreme detail, but the 3 buckets fall into 3 areas as follows. One is we do expect to have some facility consolidations in our total worldwide network. So really the cost in order to consolidate facilities, to exit leases or whatever are part of the restructuring costs. The second is related to headcount. And we do expect to see somewhere on average between 2% and 3% of our global workforce. So it's a small percentage, a 2% to 3% net reduction in people. And the third is we've done a lot of acquisitions over the years. And as we look through some of those acquisitions, there are certain redundancies that in order to get to those redundancies, we do need to complete some integration activities at a onetime cost. So again, they're truly not normal activities. We will show them as a 1-line item as restructuring costs. And again, we feel it's important to do now because, again, there's a little bit of margin expansion built into that. But the bulk of it really is to try to redeploy resources, as I said, a little bit earlier in the future initiatives. So hopefully, that's helpful to you.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So we are assuming that if you look at on-average 2015 versus on-average 2014, that there's a slight improvement in end markets because we have seen that. We do believe it is -- it has occurred and we don't see any reason why we should see a pullback to that. But it is only a slight improvement. As we always do when we introduce guidance, we try to be a little bit conservative because really, that's the right thing to do. There's a lot of time between now and the end of next year, and a lot of big different things could happen. But we feel pretty good that the end markets are doing better and we'll capitalize on that. So hopefully, that provides the color you're looking for.
