Stanley Bergman: Yes. Glen, I think it's hard to be precise within basis points. I mean they are in a very narrow trading range. But if you kind of look at on the consumable side, what we did in 2018, what we did in 2019, you divide by two, it's something like that. Maybe a little lower, maybe a little higher but it's some deflation, not a lot. The unit growth is about stable in general, quite well with pretty good growth in the specialty areas and the number of procedures. So on balance, it's very hard to be precise. On equipment, the market is quite healthy and we often caution investors not to look at one or two quarters but to take a look at a 12-month, four quarter, something like that. This quarter was a particularly unusual quarter. We actually had very good traditional equipment sales. One or two vendors did well. One or two vendors were somewhat challenged. We had some challenges with the CAD/CAM and the extraoral imaging products. But in that regard, a lot of that is related to a particular supplier, Dentsply who held a convention in the third quarter and we have reported that we have a pretty solid backlog of equipment going into the fourth quarter. So I think it's very, very hard to be precise within basis points. But generally, I think these markets are positive with equipment being quite good. I am not saying we were surprised with the positive developments on the traditional equipment side, but I think that's an indication that practitioners are prepared to invest in their practice and by the way, this is not only in the United States but in Europe also. With the surprisingly challenging economy in most of our major markets, we have done quite well. And I think we did pick up market share. But the bottom line is practitioners are investing in their practices.
Stanley Bergman: Thanks. Jon, that's a very good question. I think we have outlined to Wall Street on many occasions that our goal is, of course, to continue to make our distribution business a core business more efficient, continue to grow market share, satisfy the complexities of our customers, they are growing, some of them, even the small customers have great demand today for our value-added services. But we have two key programs, well three key initiatives to mitigate margin compression. The first is specialty products. I will cover that in a minute. The second is value-added services. And the third is expense mitigation, in other words, driving efficiency in the practice business. A slight bonus in that, a challenge in that, because we had the Covetrus -- sorry.
Stanley Bergman: TSA sales and the stranded costs that we have to deal with. But now if you go into specialty businesses, we have a relatively small market share. And what we have shown to be successful is to combine the specialty products, the niche products with the general merchandise and equipment we sell and bundle that with the practice management software where we have leading positions in several of the specialty areas. So yes, we believe we can continue to grow our specialty product businesses in the niche products as well as the general consumables and equipment and software. Returning to the niche products. We believe we have a small market share, relatively small market share, in implants and bone regeneration. Yet, these are important positions. We have great platform. We have very good know-how. We have excellent facilities. The management is really superb. And we believe we can continue. Now I cannot guarantee. Of course, no one can that we will have double digit growth in implants and bone regeneration products going forward. And at the same time, I think we have a relatively small position in the worldwide endodontic market. We certainly work with certain branded manufacturers and hope to continue to do that. But we also have our own brand products that are doing quite well and have also returned somewhere around double digit growth. Orthodontics is a bit more challenging, shall we say. We have a very small business in wires and brackets. I think there is an opportunity there. We have some unique products and we are doing well with the unique products. That market is not growing significantly, although it's probably somewhere between stable and a slight decrease. On the aligner side, I think we have a good product. We have had a soft launch. I think the product actually works and is pretty good. I wouldn't want to make claims on this call but I am told by our KOLs that it's a very good product. And we are sharpening the related software for those areas to support the aligner, the various kinds of software to support the aligner and really believe we have a very good solution for the GPs in particular because there is actually no reason to go to a direct to consumer company if you can get a great product, a really outstanding product provided by clinician at a slightly higher price, not much higher. So we believe we will do well eventually over time with the GPs and I believe the specialists are starting to appreciate our offering, which is a little bit different to any of the market offerings out there. And we are not really looking to be a generic compared to anyone out there. We are looking to create our own demand for our own products in the specialty area. So yes, we do remain quite optimistic about the specialties areas and who knows exactly. It's not possible to predict. But we believe that a greater part of Henry Schein's profits over the next few years, at least the next three, four, five, seven years will come from these specialty products under our brand as well as working with certain branded manufacturers who are increasing their demand, their sales of certain specialty products.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Glen, I think we have mentioned this before with respect to medical. You can't judge one particular quarter. First, I think we will continue to invest in additional businesses in the medical field to expand our offering. So that will bring us acquisition growth, but that offering will also bring us internal growth. NAR, for example, is a very nice product offering. We have got acquisition growth but it will result in internal growth. One also has to be careful in looking at any one quarter. There are so many variables. You take flu, for example. One year, there is a demand for flu test. The other year there is not. One year, a flu vaccine is delivered in the third quarter. One year, it's delivered in the fourth quarter. So I think what's important here is to look at our business over a three, four quarter basis and again, we don't have a crystal ball but we are pretty comfortable that we are positioned to deal with the service, the transfer of procedures from the acute care setting to the office-based or the surgery center environments or even the urgent center environment and to gain further market share in that area. And those are reasonably fast growing markets and we are quite comfortable in that. We have got a really outstanding management team there too. They are investing in software, unique software for those markets. And so with the acquisitions, we will expect to have greater internal growth, acquisition growth and continue to gain market share in a he market that is growing. So it's hard to gauge one quarter at a time and hard to talk about whether it is going to be double digit growth or not, but it is going to be a decent market growth and sales growth and will continue to add to our profitability in combination with all the other strategies we just outlined.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Jeff, it's a very good question. I am glad you asked it. So in the quarters after we added CEREC, in particular Sirona, but CEREC in particular, we had a significant bulge in pent-up demand that we satisfied. That initial demand bulge has kind of faded out. But at the same time, we are starting to gain, I think, market share within that category from customers that we are introducing the CEREC and related lines to. So I think that's number one. Number two is and I think we have mentioned in the past, there has been quite a bit of deflation with certain 2-D and 3-D imaging equipment, not units. I am pretty sure, I can't say for sure, but that market has now stabilized. And actually, I believe that as manufacturers come out with unique technology or improve on their offering, the price is likely to go up. So taking those two into account and looking at an aggregation of the average of, say, four quarters, I think we are in positive territory. And I do believe that practitioners are investing in their practices here and abroad and that technology can help practitioners operate a more efficient practice, increase the profitability of the practice while providing better clinical care. And yes, there is also a little bit price compression on scanners, sensors, but overall I think this is a very good market and I believe that we continue to gain market share in all the markets we are in.
Stanley Bergman: Well, it's very hard to do this on a telephone call and this is an area where investors are interested and I really would investors would be interested. The best thing would be to attend a briefing at one of the dental shows where we can show the product. But clearly, we had a very unique cloud-based system that is based on Ascend, that is based on Dentrix, the leading Windows-based system which is richer with features, I believe, that there is no other system that has all these features. The system is, also both those systems, together with the three, actually four specialty software systems that we have for ortho, endo and oral surgery and the unique systems we have that service dental schools. I think 90%-plus of dental schools use our software, the military, a large DSO, all of these unique needs of these customers, in one way or another, are satisfied by the software. In addition, we have quite unique electronic medical record software that is interoperable with many suppliers, not all suppliers yet because some supplies are still having challenges developing a software to connect. But most of, many of the leading suppliers are interoperable with us already in the areas of imaging and to some extent of digital prosthetics. And then you move into the various kinds of digital exchange of information, whether it's credit card processing, patient financing and a big area where we, I think, have a quite an important market share is in various forms of demand generation, including risk mitigation software, website management design, it is a large offering in an area that I think is highly factionalized from a competitive point of view. I am not sure if there is any one competitor that has anywhere near the aggregation of opportunities that we present dentists with. And that is, of course, not only in the U.S., which is what I just covered but also in international markets where we have different software covering most of what I just described.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you operator. As we close today's call, I would like to underscore that we believe we are executing well on our growth initiatives as our strategy and value proposition continue to resonate with our customers. It is not a strategy that came together quickly. It's a strategy, a deliberate strategy that we have been executing on for the last three strategic plans, each a three-year plan and we are half, almost two-thirds of the way through 2018, 2019 and 2020 plan. We will shortly start preparing the plan for 2021, 2022, 2023. Yesterday marked the 2fourth anniversary of our IPO. On a compound annual growth basis through the end of 2018, we grew sales by 13% and non-GAAP EPS from continuing operations by 14%. We have also provided a return on investment of 13% on a compound annual growth basis. If you have any further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders and Investor Relations at 631-390-8105. We believe that we are well positioned, as I noted, for the future. We have a good track record, I believe an outstanding management team with a deep bench, 19,000 committed Team Schein members around the world and we look forward very much to the future. We will be at the Credit Suisse Healthcare Conference in Phoenix and at the Greater New York Dental Show, both in November. For our investors in Europe, we hope to see you at the NASDAQ Investor Conference in London in early December. So there will be ample opportunity to meet our executives in the field. But if you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne with specific questions or actually visit our website. So thank you for joining us today and look forward to speaking to you on the next call. Thank you.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So the 2020 guidance assumes that market conditions are pretty much consistent with what we are currently experiencing. So we are still expecting U.S. consumable merchandise growth to be modest. We are expecting a little bit of pickup on overall equipment. Again, we think Q3 was negatively impacted by, again, the Dentsply Sirona World sales event. But we do have a little bit of headwinds in a couple of areas. One is in stranded costs. Stranded cost in 2020 are expected to be greater than 2019. Right now, we are estimating that they could be at the high-end of the range, could be $10 million to $12 million. But we are working very diligently on reducing those stranded costs. But there is still more work to be done to see how far we can reduce them. But again, right now, the estimate is in the $10 million to $12 million range. And there were also increased investments in the technology investments. We are not quantifying exactly how much that is, but certainly it's in the millions of dollars range of increased IT investments. Part of that is going to be ongoing because some of those IT investments are not a one-year event. They are multiple year events. So I think the step-up is in 2020. And hopefully they won't as significant a step-up in future years. We also assume from the effective tax rate, that the tax rate will be approximately equal to or slightly less than what we currently are experiencing. So at the 24% range or slightly below 24%. And we are assuming a little bit, not the full amount, a little bit of stock buyback in our guidance. We are not assuming the full amount that was authorized since it's difficult to predict exactly how much we will buyback in any given year.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Let me provide some color. So first, when you look at our Q3 reported gross margin, it's down 33 basis points. But when you exclude the very low margin sales to Covetrus under the TSAs, it's only down about nine basis points. So that's why we are providing that level of detail, Jeff, on the TSA sales so people can look at our margins with and without the Covetrus. So really, all of our margin expansion in the current quarter is coming from leveraging expenses and getting lower expenses as a percentage of sales. I think that we would expect that to continue in 2020. But I would caution that we are not expecting the full 20 basis points or more in 2020 of operating margin expansion because of some of the things we just talked about, stranded cost and other things. We do believe that longer term, we can get back to that type of margin expansion but right now in 2020, we really don't expect that we expect a more modest operating margin expansion. And that's why we are looking to do more restructuring in 2020 because it will help us accelerate eliminating or mitigating those stranded costs as well as taking more cost out of the system to help offset some of the slight gross margin decline.
Steven Paladino: Let me just add, Courtney, that on the Henry Schein website, the Investor Relations section of our website, we hosted a webinar for certain investors that were looking for more information on Henry Schein One and that webinar is still up on the website. So people can view that. It gives a lot of great detail on what these services and solutions are. And so I would invite investors who are really interested to take a look at it and if you have follow-up questions, call us and we will be happy to answer those questions. We could also, if people want more detail on it, we could also set something up separately for a group of investors it that's what's wanted. The other thing I just want to add to what Stanley said is, I would say that no one has, it was kind of at the end of Stanley's remarks, I just don't want to lose it, no competitor has the breadth and level of services that we have. Some people may just have a cloud-based system. Other people may have patient engagement tools. But we really have all of the tools under one roof and they all connect with each other very seamlessly. Some of the new products are still being connected better. But I think that really differentiates us that we really can go to customers and all of their technology services and solutions can be provided by Henry Schein One.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I would say that Q4 is impacted, Q3, let me say it this way. Q3 had a significant amount of favorable timing things that happens in Q3 that will not repeat in Q4. So let me give some more details to that. So one is this Department of Defense contract that happened in Q3. We were expecting it to happen in Q4. Two is, there is little bit higher stranded cost in Q4 versus Q3. Three, we did restructuring last year in Q4 of 2018 and we won't have that same year-over-year benefit in 2019 because we are not doing restructuring in Q3 and Q4. So there is a little bit of foreign exchange headwind. So there is a number of items but I would characterize it all as largely timing between Q3 and Q4. And that's why we maintained other than tightening the range for just one quarter left in the year, we basically maintained our full year guidance.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So again, we have elected not to put out press releases and publicly talk about every time we renew or win a contract with large DSOs. But I will say that even in 2019, we renewed a couple of contracts. So we are happy with that. There is really not big activity expected in 2020 for renewals or things like that. So that should not be anything that we are concerned about. We are looking to add customers in the DSO side. So I would say that our belief is that could be next year, slightly more upside than downside. Of course, when we are working with these large DSOs on renewals, we always have to sharpen our pencil a little bit on pricing but that's expected. And I would just conclude by saying that I think our service and relationships with these large DSOs is really superb and I don't think that people want to move for very small modest financial gains because it's difficult to switch and again there is risk that service levels from others won't be as strong as ours. So we feel we are in good shape and we feel that we will continue to have a very strong market position on DSOs going forward. But there is always renewals each year that are coming up. Again 2019 included at least two renewals that I am aware of.
