Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah, Dave. Good question. Generally, I think dentists are feeling good about their practices. I think there is stability in patient visits. And I think dentists are understanding that investing in newer technology provides for better quality dental care, a better experience for the customer, and actually results in a more profitable practice, of course, combined with quality of care. So I would say it's driven, to a large extent, by some of the newer technologies in the imaging side, on the prosthetics side, and we have a very good offering today of products that match the needs of the marketplace. We did add the A-dec line in North America, which is contributing. Having said that, I think our sales, across the board, even with the existing portfolio of traditional equipment, has been good. So, overall, it's good dynamics in the marketplace in terms of the dentists feeling good, the newer technology available, and a little bit the result of us expanding our offering with the A-dec product line, but I wouldn't put that much emphasis on that, that is, A-dec is doing well with us, but it's also a relatively small part of the entire equipment portfolio, but it is doing well.
Stanley M. Bergman: On Cardinal in general, our relationship is advancing. As we mentioned, the physician business is integrated, working well and we also have assumed the business in a number of ASCs the Cardinal physician sales force was servicing. So the majority of Cardinal's physician-related alternate care customers have transitioned to our platform. And we are working together on a number of IDN sales opportunities. We've actually generated some very nice sales together. The particular situation or the particular opportunity with Kaiser that Cardinal, the business they have won, is less in our wheelhouse than the business we undertake day-to-day. I believe that is more of a bulk distribution arrangement. And Cardinal is handling that from their distribution system. So, that is not exactly the kind of business we anticipated working on together. But there are many, many IDNs that we are working on together and actually have landed quite a bit of business in that regard.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, Ross, the deals we do and have actually done past 20 years and even before we went public are really not so much dependent nor actually related to specific financial market conditions. What drives our deals is generally the synergies that and the interest of potential sellers and potential partners to work with Henry Schein to advance their business for particular family reasons, management reasons, shareholder reasons, et cetera. And so the pipeline is as full as ever. Of course, there's no guarantee as to when we can close a deal. Deals with us often take many years from the time we start talking to people to the time we close. And there's not much that's related to the financial markets, per se. So we remain quite optimistic that we'll continue with our internal growth and supplement the growth with acquisitions. We have committed that we will use our cash flow in three ways. One is to buy shares. One is to invest in the business, although investing in the business sometimes is not as important from a cash flow point of view because we're a net generator of cash, but we nevertheless do invest in the business some of the cash flow, but it's essentially from the buying of stock and the investment in acquisitions. And we continue to expect that trend to continue, as it has for years now.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So let me start a little broader and then get specific. Our Animal Health strategy encompasses two major focus. One is to advance geographic presence throughout the world; wherever there's a middle class that is interested in pets, we like to be there and selectively in the production side but very, very selectively. And it's not necessarily where the largest markets are, but there are opportunities. So, for example, we do a good job in dairy in Ireland and New Zealand. And then those kinds of opportunities, plus some opportunities in equine. So, we want to get a large geographic footprint. And then we want to focus on a couple of things. First is pharma market share around the world and in that connection, we work with the large pharma companies but also some of the generic companies. Two, is we want to find unique products to put through these channels. And in that connection, there are opportunities in the areas such as instruments, where we acquired a company, Veterinary Instruments, (53:59) several years ago. And we're taking their products around the world and doing quite well with that. The second is in the area of med surg products. We acquired KRUUSE out of Scandinavia. They do business in about 100 countries. And we're advancing their product offering and their market share throughout the world and particularly through the Henry Schein channels. And then the third is equipment. And in that area, we include diagnostics. Equipment include, of course, imaging equipment, surgical equipment and the diagnostics. Under that category is also some disposable diagnostics. And diagnostics, in particular, tie into the third area, which is the area of software and the connectivity between software and devices and big data. We've been investing in all those areas, not only in actual software providers, such VetRx (55:10) and the other companies we acquired over the last four or five years. And today, we have the largest installed base of practice management software in a number of countries, including the U.S., where over half the veterinarians are using our software. So, it's the installation software and data. And in that connection, we invested in Vetstreet last quarter, and we have a number of other opportunities to capitalize on data. So, that's the broad strategy. Now to address diagnostics specifically, diagnostics is not necessarily about the machine, per se. It's about the intraoperability, the connection between the practice management software and diagnostics. We have invested in Axis-Q, which I think, when was it? We launched in January a year ago. Axis-Q is doing quite well in terms of market acceptance, and we expect more connectivity between Axis-Q to the reference lab and, of course, to the diagnostic machinery. Bottom line is if you're asking about how we're doing specifically in North America, which is where you referred to a particular company not wishing to do business with us anymore, we actually had a very good first quarter, not only in the products we represent, the Abaxis and the Heska product, but also with the Skill (56:53) product offering, the company we acquired in Europe that has a line of connectivity products and its own products. So, we're doing quite well in the diagnostics space in North America, and, by the way, in Europe as well. So, it's a broad strategy of geographic penetration and product penetration in terms or pharmaceuticals, the specialized areas that we've acquired a presence in and the technology area.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. So, I think PlanScan will have all the appropriate connectivity. It's just a matter of time. Actually, we believe the PlanScan, the actual scanner, is pretty good, but we are open architecture. And we promote: the 3M product, which is very good, backed by a world-class company; 3Shape, which is high-tech, really on the edge of new technology; and the Planmeca Company, which has great products also in this space. So, we've got three, and we are likely to add more scanning products over time. I think all of these will be connected in one way or another to all of the major applications. Perhaps there'll be one big company that is not so open to open architecture. We don't know. But we are very much pro-open architecture, have always been at Henry Schein. We are delighted to carry any product that any quality manufacturer has, whether it's in consumables, equipment, in high-tech and have always been pro-competition and open to open architecture. That's been the hallmark of Henry Schein since Henry opened the door and sold the first generic drugs in this country many, many years ago, decades ago. So we are comfortable with our offering for the dentists and for the dental laboratory. We think we're making good progress in this country and abroad, and we see a huge opportunity for the digital space and had a very good quarter, both in the full systems globally and in the scanners globally and are very excited with the opportunity in the dentist office and in the laboratory.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, Jason, (1:03:01) I think the markets for dental consumables are in the couple of hundred basis point growth. It's not much more than that at this stage, maybe a little bit more than 200 basis points. And it depends, again, on the mix. In some areas, we're growing faster than others. We may be picking up a little bit more market share here and there. But I think it is safe to assume that we're growing around twice the market rate, around that number, and the markets have been pretty stable for quite a while in North America.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. Thank you, Operator. And thank you, everybody, for calling in. We did promise to end at 11:00. We're six minutes late. Sorry. But wanted to handle that last question and sorry to others that wanted to ask and we're just not able to accommodate. But please feel free to call Carolynne Borders, our head of Investor Relations at Henry Schein, 1 – what's the number, 843...
Stanley M. Bergman: Or Steve Paladino at 631-843-5915. I can remember the number. So, thank you all for calling. We are quite optimistic about the markets that we're in, about Henry Schein's strategy, long-term strategy. We think we're executing well on our strategic plan. We're right in the middle of the 2015, 2016, 2017 strategic plan. I think we've positioned our management team well. We've made some changes that are really part of a progression in advancing our effectiveness as a team. We're very pleased with the heads of all of our different business units, all executing well. The Dental team, led by Jim Breslawski, is doing a very, very good job as well, and has for decades now; and Jim Harding, our Chief Technology Officer, and the software businesses all operating well. Of course, there's no business that doesn't have challenges. We have challenges, and we're dealing with them. But the opportunities are exciting. Each one of these areas is chock-full of ideas, change, opportunity to take advantage of the change, the demographics, technology, the markets we're in. So we're very, very excited about our future and where we're heading. Thank you for your interest, and we'll be back in 90 days.
Steven Paladino: I would just add one other thing, Dave. Specifically, the CAD/CAM category was very strong for us in North America. And, as we mentioned on the last call or two, for us, CAD/CAM is not just selling complete end-to-end units. We also sell a number of scan-onlys and we're seeing strong growth in the scan-onlys, which, for us, we think is very positive in the initial sale, but also positions the customer to come back to us in the future when they're looking to do chairside milling, and they can then buy the additional components from us at a later date. So, CAD/CAM, the total category of complete systems and scan-onlys, was very strong for us. But it truly was across the board, because traditional equipment as well as high-tech, was both strong.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Again, although it was negative cash flow for us for the quarter, if you look at the components, it was really driven by working capital, which is typical for us in that typically, inventory purchases in Q4 are higher for a number of reasons and the payments for those inventory purchases occur in Q1. So, that's what drives it. But on a full-year basis, we're still looking at growing our operating cash flow probably consistent with our bottom-line growth rate, our net income growth year-over-year. So, we still believe we can generate strong cash flow on a full-year basis, with some growth similar to our bottom-line growth. We did also have during the quarter a little bit of duplicative inventory in consolidating some warehouses in Europe, specifically Germany. Over the balance of the year, that inventory level will come down. We did that as a precautionary measure as we're moving and consolidating distribution centers in Germany. We typically have inventory, excess inventory, that we manage through over the next few months. So, again, we still feel that operating cash flow will continue to be strong and grow over the prior year.
Steven Paladino: Well, I'm not sure that we can say that there are material improvements over the last quarter or two. It's really more gradual improvements. You can see, again, that the U.S. Medical business was our strongest grower. It was the fifth consecutive quarter of double-digit sales growth. That's a strong number. We would like just for that to continue. I don't think acceleration there is something that we can expect. But we do expect that for the foreseeable future that it can continue to put up high single to low double-digit sales growth. I think we're pleased that across all of our businesses and all of our markets, we think patient traffic has been healthy. U.S. dental patient traffic has been healthy, as well as even in the European markets, although not in every market. But as we said in the prepared comments, even markets like Spain, that over the last year or two had some challenges in market growth, was a strong grower for us. So I think we feel like the overall markets are continuing to cooperate. We do believe that there's the potential for some very modest continued gradual improvement in underlying market conditions, but we're happy with the overall 6%-plus constant currency growth that we achieved as a company.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Let me just add to the second part of your question on equipment backlog. So in North America, our equipment order backlog versus same time last year is up. It's up single digits, so that's good. We feel given the strong growth we had in Q1 of 13% equipment growth, having the order backlog also increase is good, but not surprisingly in international, the order backlog is a little bit down. I think you have to remember that last year was an IDS year. This year is not an IDS year. So we feel good about the equipment backlog internationally, given that it's not an IDS year, but it is a little bit lower than the prior year at the same time.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So first on the sell side, we should see on the Medical side the normalized sales growth continue at a very healthy rate. And I said earlier, normalized somewhere in the high-single to low double-digit range is what we think is achievable. We should see the impact of the agency sales shift related to the Cardinal transaction decrease in Q2 and virtually go away beyond that. Similarly, on the Animal Health side, we would see the growth that we experienced, which was 7%- and change, we'd like to see that continue. There might be a little opportunity for acceleration there. And the agency shift will probably continue for the next few quarters. With respect to operating margin, the goal is still to get operating margin expansion for the full year. Now, we typically don't see much of it in Q1, for a number of reasons. But again, stripping out some of those unusual items, we did get 23 basis points of margin expansion in Q1. But we expect to get further operating margin expansion for the full year. And I'm trying to remember, Jason, (1:02:20) there was a third part to your question, but not sure I remember it.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Just specifically, patient traffic, as we said earlier, continues to be healthy. And that's more than just a dental comment. That's a dental, a medical, and an animal health comment, both domestically and internationally.
