Steven Paladino: Sure. So I don't think the market really changed in any significant way during the quarter. We did take more market share I believe. To be fair, we did have a little bit of an easier comparable last year, but going forward, even post Q2, we did see continued strong revenue growth in the consumable merchandize in North America. So we're executing well. Dental specialties did help a bit, because they were in the mid to high single-digit growth rates. So it was growing a little bit faster than the general consumables. But then again overall I think market is very stable and we are really executing well and taking some market share.
Steven Paladino: Just on the second part of your question, Kevin, so no real significant changes in the competitive landscape that are going to people's attention. And the second part of your question on Animal Health, we did say that it is possible that the spin closes in early Q1. We are still shooting for late Q4 closing. The thing that we really can't predict with great certainty is how long it will take the registration statement to go through SEC and how long it will take to respond to whatever comments the SEC has. And that's why - because we can control that, and that could be a reasonably short process or a longer process depending on the questions and comments. So for that reason, we say it's possible, it could slip into Q1.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Probably we had a little bit of help given the warm climate in parts of the country, but what that does is it typically means that the flee and tick season is the longest season that is starting earlier. So hopefully that helps a little bit. But overall, we still feel good about the end markets and our ability to gain market share in Animal Health, and the flee and tick season will continue in Q3 and a little bit into Q4.
Steven Paladino: Yes, for us, we have been consistent. Our gross margins are higher on the consumables and equipment. They're both very good gross margins, but relative to each other the consumable's a bit higher. So I'm not sure what you're hearing from other industry sources but we consistently said that.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think you covered it pretty fully. The only thing maybe I'll add is on the Henry Schein One. Those synergies that we noted, $20 million to $30 million by the end of the year three, synergies are very high percentage of those, revenue growth and getting a deeper adoption of some of the services on to our software use of platforms, so that will drive higher revenue growth within the technology segment as well as higher margins as those products get adopted. And similarly on the specialty products, we are growing the specialty products faster organically than the non-specialty products as we just talked about earlier on this call, plus there is opportunity for inorganic growth from time-to-time in the specialty area. So we feel good about continuing to move the mix towards higher margin products. We recognize that that's important for our overall financial model. So those will be only few comments I had in addition to you, Stanley.
Steven Paladino: Jon, just one other comment, I just want to make sure if I understood your question; my comments on gross margin has been higher on consumables. It's true even after you exclude specialty product. It becomes greater on the gross margin benefit, or it's true even excluding these specialty products.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, clearly it's on the gross margin side. And there are couple of factors that we are continuing to invest in as we get future growth that goes into gross margins. So for example, on equipment gross margins, our service technicians that due to repair and installation of equipment is shown - that expense is shown as part of cost of goods sold. And as we make investments to expand the capabilities, especially since we expect to significantly grow our equipment, that's having some impact on the dental equipment gross margins. Similarly, in our technology business, support - technical support for technology is a significant portion of technical support that is also part of cost of goods sold in the technology business. And again, as we make investments in that area, in anticipation of the ramp with Henry Schein One, you are seeing some impact on those two areas. You have to make the investment price to the actual sales coming. So that's why you are seeing a little bit of the impact on the lower margin this quarter. And hopefully that will be very success as we get additional volume in future quarters.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. The benefit from minority interest will be a bit greater in the second-half because it's basically composed of two areas. The first is the Henry Schein Animal Health buyout of the minority interest, which is only a partial quarter benefit because we did it during Q2. I think it's sometime in the April or early May timeframe we did it. We completed it. So, you'll get a full-quarter benefit in Q3 and Q4. And the second piece of it was related to what we did at the beginning of this year, we bought out BioHorizons. So that is the full-quarter benefit in Q2. But we do feel like we can continue to get that benefit again going forward on a full quarterly basis. Margins have a lot of different moving parts. So we may be a little bit lighter than we originally planned on operating margins. But we still feel good with the overall business and the overall growth. And that's why we are raising the bottom end of our guidance.
Stanley Bergman: I think, Ross, it's fair to say that pricing pressures are there to some extent. Of course, the internet provides a vehicle for an exchange of information. I don't think results involve orders going to online retail as per se. But there is a little bit more openness on pricing. I wouldn't say it's material. But what this does to save time is offer us an opportunity to talk to the customer where price is important in our corporate and other competitive offerings of certain manufacturers. Certain manufacturers are responding generally to the competitive pricing. And this is both in dental and medical. I wouldn't say it's that much in the pharma side of the animal health. But in medical and dental, I think the manufacturers are understanding that in order to maintain or growth their market share, there have to be a competitive way this product that is not really massively innovative. And so - and this is marginal, but I think in the end, as we drive more high margin products and value add services, I think we will continue with expanding our operating margins, of course, in conjunction with the efficiencies that we are bringing to our business driven by an implementation of more technology.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, let me just go quickly through the medical. We are - first we are committed to human healthcare essentially from a high level strategic point of view, 18% of GDP is expended on healthcare, two third of that in the non-communicable diseases area which is essentially driven by and can be reduced by wellness intervention program. This has always been at the heart of Henry Schein's medical business. The alternate care environment that displace the wellness and prevention to take place moving out of the hospital the surgery center, and this is an area we expect to continue to advance. Of course, organically we should very good growth there. We have some very good opportunities ahead of us. Sometimes a bit more lumpy, but essentially this business has done well for years now. And we expect it to continue to do well. And inorganically, there are opportunities to add to that platform I think some profitable businesses that service the alternate care site. So we remain optimistic. As far as the strategic plan is concerned, there are three major planks. The first is to continue to drive efficiencies and make our distribution offering more attractive to our customers. I am not sure this is the time to deal with it but because of time. But Carolynne or Steven can take you through the details. There are many many component parts of this. Some are just an extension of what we had in the '15, '16, '17 strategic plan. Other planks are greater focus on new operating, expanding the operating. Of course, I think what is important here is understanding of way technology is heading and how to use to technology in our business. Lots and lots of technological opportunities we can't afford them all, but we have to focus on what is relevant. And I think we have some very, very good plans there to increase the efficiency and the effectiveness of our distribution business. So second is expansion of value added service. I would say a significant down payment of that towards that goal is the creation of Henry Schein One where we are offering not only leading practice management system in this country and abroad but also the demand generation software in combination with a practice management system for small, midsized, large, for institutions, dental schools. And the goal here at the end of the day is to increase efficiency in the practice, help with clinical services, make it more efficient and drive traffic into the dental office. So that's a key part of second strategy but also a huge number of value added services that we will be expanding on or that we are doing to continue to expand on and add to in the years to come. And the third is advancing our brand equity. We think the Henry Schein brand is well known. It's trusted. We think we can advance in that regard on our private brand other exclusive products and in particular on the specialty side where we have made some terrific advancements on our own brand products either with manufacturing on behalf, or we where we are vertically integrate. So, lots of opportunities in advancing high margin products under our own brand or brands that we have a control over as well as exclusive. And we are working with many manufactures in that regard as well the whole brand equity strategies of attraction to many manufactures. So it's those three areas advancing the core distribution business, focusing on value added services and advancing our own brand strategy. None of these are new strategies. These have been put in place several years ago. And it's a matter just advancing and providing significant focus which is the reason why we believe we need to spin off the animal health business which had a different need for focus different concepts, different opportunities. And with the cash we are going to generate from that spin off, we will be able invest in both the Animal Health and Medical and the Dental business on a global basis.
Stanley Bergman: Thanks, Jeff. The first question, what we can do with the money? So what we will do with the money will be very, very simple; similar to what we've done in the past. Some of it will go towards buying shares back. That's the way we return cash to our investors, it's worked out very well for us, it's relatively cash-free - cash effective way of getting cash into the hands of our shareholders, and as I said, it's worked well. The remainder, there will be a little bit that goes into working capital, but I don't think much, because we expect to be significantly cash flow positive. So the majority will go into investing, and investing only based on strategy opportunity, but also the best return on investment opportunities in the short to medium term. I would say this would be in the medical and dental space, geographic expansion, greater market penetration on the distribution side, value-added services, for sure, we think that the Henry Schein One platform presents huge opportunity to expand our presence in the digital community, specifically in regards to getting patients into the dental office. We have a small dental plan already in there. We think we can add to that and a number of software and other opportunities as they relate to the software area. But then, and of course, the specialty area as well, and adding to that specialty platform, areas that although we may sell the products, whether it's medical orthopedics or diagnostics or specialties like dermatology, which is doing well, aesthetics, and greater variety of products, specialty houses to the platform, the opportunities are endless. And the question is focus as our Vice Chairman, Jim Breslawski always says, we could do anything but not everything. And so, we will be focused on the most strategic but also on the most accretive opportunities for the short to medium term.
Stanley Bergman: Right. Erin, we're not providing specific guidance, nor we're contemplating significant profits in the near-term. This is a launch of our new products offering, which is based on the technical first motion 3D system. It uses a unique combination approach with an intuitive and supplied treatment process, whether from minor crowding or cases requiring more extensive work to correct the issues. Our system addresses the correction upfront with the motion 3D system, a three to four month process before the aligner is introduced. As a result, we believe fewer aligners are needed, so this is part of a comprehensive solution, and we believe it's a competitive solution, some of which requires - very often 60 to 86 set of aligners for complicated case versus ours, which we believe will be 20 to 30. And we believe ours is competitively priced. The bottom line is it's a new idea, it does use aligners, we believe we have a significant number of KOLs that are supporting this. It's been well-received, but it is just one product offering, one value-added solution within hundreds within Henry Schein. We're very optimistic. Orthodontic team are highly capable, highly qualified, they are with us for a long time. So we're not giving projections right now, but are very enthusiastic that our whole orthodontic offering - as part of our general specialty offering of implants and bone regenerations and endo will continue to move along in a nice way, and is the basis - in general the basis for our statement that we'll be moving to more over time to more high margin products that I think will provide greater stickiness to our customer base. So, no specifics on contribution of profits, we're just excited to launch, and extremely happy with the reception that our orthodontic team have received from the KOL network. But remember it's not a pure a aligner product, it's a combination product that we believe will in the end be very effective and will continue to be well-received as more patients use this product.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, on that, there will be some benefit we believe, but it's a little early for us to quantify the benefit that will be in the second-half, because again the completion and the timing of those activities is still being calculated. But we do expect some benefit in the back-half of the year as well as going forward. And it has very attractive returns even at the high-end of 24 months still very attractive returns, and it's important for us again to do a combination of lower the cost structure as well as free-up follows for alternative investments.
Stanley Bergman: Sure, David. Thank you for your question. I'll give you some high-level and maybe Steven can provide more color. First of all, it follows really our strategic - the three kinds of our strategic plan; on the distribution side, the goal is to move to high value products. There are some branded manufacturers working with us, some private brand manufacturers working with us, in other words, not valid for the customer our products where we are receiving manufacturer support and driving margin at the same time, driving efficiencies in the business to drive up the - drive down the cost and drive up the operating margin. So, all of that does include the bucket. The second bucket of course is our value-added services. And on the dental side, a huge focus on Henry Schein One; this team has been busy now for over a year working on integration or the plans for the merger, and now the integration, had not been focused on sales much, they've not been focused hugely on margin management, they are not bringing this significant integration into play. Just with the team last week and it's really exciting, the opportunities to use AI, Big Data, Small Data, some call it, to advance the practice to drive demand for dentistry, working of course with the Internet brands, ownership of WebMD, all very, very exciting opportunities that will drive sales stickiness, but high margin. I think we've indicated in prior press releases that we expect over the next two to three years to generation $20 million.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. The specialty margins are very, very good, especially in more matured businesses; for example, our implant businesses are quite profitable, and expecting to become even more profitable over time, we are investing - have continued to invest heavily in expanding the platform inorganically and through more efficient production capability. So I think that's an area that has done well for us. The endodontics is more profitable and also not as profitable as the orthodontics, but much more profitable than the core distribution of dental products in general; lots of opportunity there. And orthodontics was relatively early in the game, but the profits are pretty good. We will not say, "Early," we had been the businesses for about a decade, but we had really seen the benefits from our adjustments in terms of management KOLs in the last few years, but the margin is good and is expected to be greater. So on balance, this is the business that is much more profitable; the specialty areas and our core business. Having said that, remember, a key part of our core business is also to sell traditional products to those specialists. And that is also a profitable business. And generally those specialists have a bigger wallet to spend money on - for example, equipment, and yes, software, and then I would add one other thing, we are also advancing our software businesses in these areas. We announced - still they're not closed - our investment in very successful orthodontic software business I believe that has the largest installed base of orthodontic software to supplement our endodontic; very good installed base, I think the largest, and likewise with oral surgeons.
Stanley Bergman: So, Operator, I think we need to end the call now. So let me make some closing comments. We are of course pleased with our results for the first-half of 2018. We continue to advance our intellectual capital and the value-added solutions that we offered to our customers. And I would say driven by a highly motivated team Schein, spent a lot of time in the field in the last quarter, from Asia to Europe to North America, and our outside morale is really good. This is a key differentiator in our go-to-market strategy. The fact that our team is so highly motivated in advancing plans to improve on our customers, practice efficiency, provide them with tools, to provide better clinical care, and our customers rely on us as trusted advisors to understand their challenges and pain points. We are offering practitioner solutions and services to really help them management practice and achieve their goals. We have a lot of exciting strategic initiatives underway. As part of our three-year strategic plan, I believe we are highly focused; the team is motivated as I said, and I believe we are well-positioned for another successful three years to execute another successful strategic plan. So, thank you for joining us. Thank you for your interest in Henry Schein. If you any further questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders, in Investor Relations, at 631-390-8105. Steven is also available at 631-843-5915, and looking forward to speaking to you again when we report our third quarter numbers and results performance in November. So, have a good rest of the summer. Thank you very much.
