Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone. And thank you for joining our call today. The management team at Henry Schein and the entire organization are very pleased that we completed yet another successful year. 2013 was a year in which we made a lot of progress in all 3 of our verticals and as well as in the infrastructure and the value-added services components of Henry Schein. Of course, we ended the year with a strong fourth quarter. Sales growth during the fourth quarter was solid, on plan. In fact, in a couple of areas, it was ahead of plan. We believe we gained market share in each of our 4 global business units, and we exceeded the top line -- we exceeded the top of our original EPS guidance range. So I think you will hear from the call good progress in each of our 3 verticals and our global practice solutions, financial services businesses, and that we exceeded the top line of the EPS guidance range. We have continued to advance our geographic footprint. Our product offering has continued to expand over the year through some strategic acquisitions, a couple of exclusives that we've added. Since we reported third quarter financial results, we have announced 6 transactions in our Dental business as well as 1 in Animal Health and 1 in Technology and the Value-Added Services side. These 8 acquisitions had total revenues of approximately $317 million on an annual basis. So we'll report further information, but let me start by asking Steve to review our quarterly financial results, and then I will return with some additional comments on each of our business units. Steve, please.
Stanley M. Bergman: Jeff, so our #1 strategy for Dental right now, and I expect for many years to come, is to continue with advancing our customers' virtualization of their practices, in the case of the dentist and in the case of the lab, the automation of the digitalization of the lab. There's no question that there's a huge opportunity on the hardware side, be it the scanners or the mills. On the software side, there's lots and lots of opportunity there, and both in the laboratory -- both in the operatory and the laboratory, and also some exciting materials, I think, are going to emerge over the years to come. So this is very, very important for Henry Schein. To the extent practical, we will support an open architecture because that's in the interest of the dental community. It'll take a while for the marketplace to adjust as it has in many -- in most other areas of dentistry to open architecture. All of our software, by the way, today, supports even our competitors' software interchanges. So -- and I think that's in the best interest of the practitioner. So I think it was important for E4D to add a leading brand to its name. And in that context, in the U.S. and Australia and Canada, New Zealand, we will be marketing the Planmeca line. And in other markets, we'll market Sirona, and I expect that our other manufacturers will all be coming out with some form of hardware and software. We do sell the 3M scanner in a number of markets and plus a number of other markets. So we're very excited. We're very pleased with the speed that Planmeca went about converting the E4D name to the plan scan name. And I think, overall, we're happy with our offering of CAD/CAM and related software, hardware and the key now is for Henry Schein to differentiate the offering that we make available to our customers. And I think you will see advances in dental and other areas like that, that will differentiate Henry Schein's offering as it has, as we have done for years. CAD/CAM and Practice Management software will connect. We will continue to invest our investment in school, in large group practice software over the years. We'll tie into CAD/CAM as well. So overall, the strategies here have been laid, they'll be adjusted and we will execute to them. As for the backlog, yes, NEVO, we sold quite a few more NEVO systems or CAD/CAM systems with the NEVO front in the fourth quarter than E4D had the capacity to deliver. I believe that with Planmeca being part of the management team now -- supporting the management team with E4D, the capacity will increase. We do have solid sales in that area, and I think our overall global CAD/CAM business will continue to grow with our goal to be the leader in that field.
Stanley M. Bergman: That's a good question. Actually, I was hoping somebody would ask that question because I think it is a relevant question. We, of course, had been experiencing inordinate difficulty because of the weather in a large part of the U.S. I think this is the first time cities like Atlanta have had a challenge because of winter weather. I think this will have an impact on some of our sales in the first quarter. We will, during our first quarter call, try to identify that impact. I think there will be a few less visits to dentists, probably to animal health practitioners, perhaps to some of the dermatology-type physician practices, but I don't think it will have a material impact on our bottom line. Of course, it will have somewhat of an impact, but we remain comfortable with the guidance for 2014 that we provided. I think our guidance always contemplates something like this occurring somewhere in the world, and it's just a little bit more intense this time in the U.S. But overall, we still feel quite comfortable with our 2014 guidance.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. I can't give you the exact expectation of the growth market in Germany per se, but I do think the market will move back into positive growth. And I don't want to comment on anyone's reduction in prices. I will tell you that we believe that Camlog continues to gain market share in Germany. We believe this is particularly so because of the introduction of the Easy implant system. We believe we have been taking share of the premium side. By the way, we plan on rolling out Easy throughout Europe. So I do believe the market in Germany will return. I can't tell you exactly which quarter. It's an environment of positive growth units. And we remain quite excited about expanding our presence in Germany, not only in the implant itself but, in general, to -- in sales to oral surgeons. So yes, and Steven can make some specific inquiry from our German sales team and we can give you some more information. But I just participated in a Camlog meeting about 2 weeks ago, and our team is feeling pretty good about our position in the German market.
Stanley M. Bergman: But our German business, in general, I think we could say, our European business is quite stable. We're very pleased with our management team, just had our German national sales meeting and the morale is really very, very good. And I think our management structure is very deep, our management team in Europe. So we feel comfortable, and I don't want to comment on any particular quarter, but I feel comfortable that we'll continue to gain market share in Europe and, in fact, globally in all of our Dental businesses.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think at the end of the day, equipment is going to be sold basically based on replenishment or replacement of equipment that is not functioning any longer. So I don't think that's the big growth. There's some opportunity there, but I'm not sure that's the big growth. The big growth is coming from equipment where we can prove to the practitioner that 2 things will happen: one is it will be an investment in the practice and increase productivity and profitability; and the second is in order for that to happen, it will also have to be equipment that adds to the quality of clinical care. And by the way, this is not only for Dental, I think the same will be the case in Medical. And we feel that the digitalization of dentistry provides such an opportunity, especially coupled with software. And we have invested significantly in our software businesses, both in the area of the cloud software, the Ascend software, which we're starting to sell now and will make an important contribution to the effectiveness of practices. And in addition to that, we've invested in, as I mentioned earlier, on the school software, in the large group practice software, various kinds of e-services, all of this, in combination with CAD/CAM. And with CAD/CAM, I believe, will drive our sales in the equipment area. And in general, yes, we expect to have some replenishment sales of the standard-type of equipment, but I think it's in the newer equipment that adds to productivity improvements, the quality of care improvements that we will do well. But we'll have to prove to the practitioner that it's a worthwhile investment. We're not back to pre-2008 times with these practitioners. We're just investing to change the color of the chair. And I'm overstating that point.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. So thank you, everyone, for calling in. We are pleased with our results for 2013, excited, as I noted earlier on, with our plans for 2014. At this stage, we're quite comfortable that the markets are stable and that we, at Henry Schein, will continue to improve on our market share in each of our business units, that each have goals to that. These teams are experienced, generally delivered to the company, each one of our business units, each one has plans for investment in growing their units, each one has plans for how they will deliver on their numbers. And we're generally excited, not only with the strategies for this year and the execution of the tactics in our strategic plan, but also for the strategic future of the company. And very, very excited with what we're getting. And thank you, all, for your interest. And we will be back, I think, in 60 days, Steven.
Steven Paladino: I think we feel that we'll be in that range. And I hate to be so specific and, say 4.3%, because if it comes in slightly greater, slightly less. I think we'll be in that range. We did feel that Q4 was exceptionally strong. We did execute really well. We do believe that we'll see a little bit of improvement from the market, maybe at the tail end of the year. So I guess our goal really is to be consistent in that factor, but I just caution people not to really look at it so precisely by every 10 basis points.
Steven Paladino: John, I think there's a general sense and, of course, this is a sense, it's not scientific, that Europe is stabilizing. I think no one's saying that we're returning to good times, but even I think in Southern Europe, 2 markets that we're in, Spain and Italy, there is a quiet confidence that we are going to get to stable consumable growth and even investment in equipment. So I think that's a little bit of the canary in the cage that I think is indicative of the fact that there is a sense that things are getting a little bit better or stabilizing to better in Europe.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So it's a few questions there. So one, the 21% growth, I think it's a little unrealistic to expect us to continue at 21% growth international software. I do think that high single, low double digits is doable for that business unit. They just had a blowout fourth quarter and was primarily in the Software of Excellence business that we acquired a few years ago. With respect to margins, I think, yes, margins probably will be consistent going forward, maybe with a little bit of improvement as we continue to grow sales and drive business towards e-services, which tend to have a little higher margin than the overall software sales.
Steven Paladino: So, John, the gross margin really is primarily related to mix. So we talked about Technology sales growth being stronger and that helps drive the gross margin but, really, I think we focus more on the operating margin. And we've talked about even as recently as our Investor Day, we still believe that we can get operating margin expansion. The way we measure it is on, what I refer to as a same-store basis, so excluding any new acquisitions, which could be accretive or dilutive to our margins. And the goal really there is to get margin expansion of at least 20 basis points on a full year basis. We do believe that going longer term that there's the potential for that 20 basis points to expand a bit as sales growth increases, as market conditions improve a little bit. But right now, somewhere in that 20 basis points is a goal that we think is doable and achievable.
Steven Paladino: No. So the -- again, so the 20 basis points at current revenue growth rates, we think is doable. That's what our plan is calling for, for 2014. The interesting thing is that, yes, while it was for the quarter, it was down a little bit 5 basis points. And that -- and, Glen, that 5 excludes acquisition impact. But on a full year basis, it was actually up slightly, excluding acquisitions. It wasn't quite the 20 basis points. It was high single basis points. It was 7 or 8 basis points improvement for the full year. One thing I'll point out that impacted Q4 is if you look at all the acquisition activity that we announced in early Q1, a lot of expenses set in Q4 to drive that acquisition expense -- to drive those acquisition activities in Q1. So we record the diligence cost, the professional fees, all of those acquisition, of course, as incurred. So they're always incurred prior to the acquisition being completed. So we're a little bit heavy in Q4 on those expenses because we did have a lot of activity that was announced in early Q1. The interesting thing also is that when you look at Q4, there was a lot of mix impact because when I look at the individual businesses, Dental, Medical, Animal Health and Technology, and this may sound like a contradiction but it's not. Each of them had margin expansion in Q4, each of them. And yet because of mix, it was down 5 basis points. So I guess the short answer to conclude is that we do believe that we can get operating margin expansion in 2014, and that's what our internal plans call for.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So clearly if we excluded amortization, they would all be immediately accretive on what people sometimes call a cash basis. What really happened is on a couple of the acquisitions, and most notably on BioHorizons, we kind of had a double negative impact. Because BioHorizons is a manufacturer, the amortization is higher than most distributors' amortization. And because it is also a manufacturer, the accounting requires us to step up the inventory. So really, to try to quickly describe what that means is that, effectively, we have to value the inventory on the date of acquisition at fair value less disposable -- disposal cost. So that fair value really reduces our profitability and we don't get our normal gross profit on that. So that's really negatively impacting the first year's accretion. We did say on the BioHorizons acquisition, if you just exclude the step-up in inventory, which is a total noncash charge, that deal would be neutral to EPS for the first year. And then, obviously, if you also exclude out amortization, it would be accretive. So I think BioHorizons, because it's a manufacturer, we're typically buying distributors, really, is a little bit unique and cause a little bit more GAAP dilution than typical. But we still feel like they're good strategic acquisitions. We still feel like we'll see accretion going forward. And strategically, as I think everyone knows, implants and dental specialty is very important to us, and we feel like it's the right thing for us to do.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So we did have the reversal of, in 2013, of the increased inventory purchases at the end of 2012 related to medical device excise tax. So I think if you look at that, that's probably somewhere around $150 million worth of benefit. So I would say that we're not going to see the same -- we'll be a little bit below cash flow in 2014 versus 2013 because of that benefit we got in 2013. And remember, that was -- it's a timing issue between '12 and '13. With respect to end of year buy-ins for the current year, we always do a certain amount of buy-ins, but I would not say that we had any unusual activity this year that we would need to call out separately going into next year. So we still think we'll get strong cash flow, certainly operating cash flow well in excess of our net income, which is our goal, but it will be a little bit down because of that onetime medical device excise tax benefit.
Steven Paladino: Well, we had -- I would say that, certainly, the upgrade promotion helped drive very strong growth. And that won't continue all year long, but we'll still get upgrades in Q1 and beyond. I think, we -- and I don't want to really get into that level of detail, but our growth, even excluding the upgrades, was also very strong. And so we feel good that, Stanley said a few minutes ago, that we're seeing some improvement and stabilization in the overall markets and we're executing well to that. To get double-digit growth in equipment in any market on a consistent basis is a tall order, but we feel that we'll still grow in equipment and we have good opportunities there. And every so often, you get the benefit of upgrades or other activities that allow you to exceed your normal growth rate.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I think there's a little bit of the weather impact that we're trying to consider in Q1. Again, Stanley covered that in an earlier question. While we don't believe it'll be material to us, and we still feel very comfortable with our guidance. I think when we look at the progression for the year, there's a little bit of impact baked into that comment. Really, it's not a significant impact, I would say, that you're probably looking at -- the whole year is 7% to 9%. You're probably at a little bit below that range in Q1 and then accelerating throughout the year, which is really typical for us. It's not just the weather, it's not just the acquisitions I talked about. We tend to, when we complete our budget cycle, when we're making investments in people or other things, we tend to hold off a lot of that until the budget is complete, so it happens in Q1. So really is, if you look I think at our historical trends, that's probably a true statement, that Q1 growth is always a little bit lower. Again, you got to back out the acquisition activity related to that. So it's not significantly material, but I thought it was important really to mention given that it would not be even throughout the year.
Steven Paladino: Yes. We felt bad. If you look at Dental and Animal Health, first of all, there's really not a lot of great data on this. A lot of this is, looking at key products that are sold, speaking to manufacturers, speaking to certain customers, speaking to some of the large group practices. And I guess we feel that you probably saw in Q4 a little bit of an uptick on Dental and Dental patient traffic. I would say, Animal Health probably, you did not see that because, again, as I mentioned in the prepared remarks, because of cooler weather in Q4 than the prior year. You had less flea and tick treatment so less people bringing in their pet because of flea and tick, but that's kind of just a timing thing. But I think if you had to look at the big picture market, it's very stable. We expect that they'll continue to be stable with some slight improvement going forward. And we're hoping that, that slight improvement could actually be better than that, but we're trying to be conservative in our guidance when we're looking at overall market conditions.
