Stanley Bergman: Good morning and thank you, Carolynne. Thank you everyone for joining us. Now let me start with a review of our financial results at a high level. We closed out 2017 with a strong fourth quarter that demonstrates the advantage of our Henry Schein high-touch, value-added solutions business model. Our customers rely on our team of trusted advisors for the clinical, supply chain, technology and business solutions that practitioners and their office personnel need to operate their practices efficiently day in and day out. We satisfy practice needs through technology as well as our consultative high touch selling approach. So our customers can focus on patient care. It is really important to understand that we are in fact providing a high-touch relationship with our customers that have sustained our growth for well over a quarter century, since we added the field component to our sales and marketing programs. Before I begin to go into further information on the quarter and on the company I'd like to note that in recognition of our team members following recent US Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, Henry Schein plans to distribute up to $1,000 one-time cash bonus to certain designated staff members in the US with one full year of service as of January 1, 2018. We are pleased to be able to give back to certain Team Schein members in the US with the special bonus in recognition of the hard work and commitment to excellence. This incremental investment in our team is a reflection of the motivation spirit and value that our broader team across the globe delivers to our customers every single day. Steven, of course will provide more details on the financial impact of this bonus. So our competitive position in the marketplace builds upon four key elements. Mainly education, service and support; software and innovation; and strong long-term customer relation. Just to highlight, we feel 4,200 highly trained field sales consultants and 2,200 telesales representatives across the globe, these Team Schein members are helping our customers operate a more efficient practice so that customers can focus on clinical outcome. In the field today, we have 200 equipment sales and service centers around the world, with more than 2,000 dedicated field technicians to service and maintain equipment. They are supported by 1,000 customer service representatives. It's an enormous amount of high-touch that goes on each day between us and our million practices that we service, million and half practitioners in those practices. And, of course, software and innovation is critical in advancing the practice goal of efficiency and clinical outcomes we service that day in and day out through our 350 software developers and 800 technicians on the telephones and in the field that support our customers.  As a company Henry Schein is a healthcare solutions network powered by people and technology. That network is comprised of more than 3,000 suppliers, some 22,000 Team Schein members and more than 400 key opinion leaders in 85 years of knowledge and expertise and solutions. This can provide the connectivity to our customers. We are armed with strong value proposition. We are optimistic about our long-term growth opportunity and believe we are well positioned in attractive growth markets. And we believe in our high-touch value added business model, which we believe will stand the test of time. It will be in the results we are quite sure of that. We have successfully executed on our strategic plan for 2015 to 2017. And now are embarking on our 2018 to 2020 strategic plan, which we will discuss in great detail later. This team is committed to determining our thinking our strategy in advance and has a phenomenal track record on execution.  But first I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent performance and accomplishment, and Steven will review our financial results a little bit now actually and I'll provide comments later. 
Stanley Bergman: So let me start with the end. The Merritt acquisition is totally integrated. We delivered on our expectations perhaps even a little bit better. On the equipment, we believe we are well positioned to help practitioners take advantage of the new technology that is available to them to increase the efficiency of their practice and position them to provide better clinical care. This is not only in the US but it's abroad. Of course, we are delighted to have become a full line distributor of the Dentsply Sirona product offering but our expansion in equipment sales and related services is related -- not only to Dentsply Sirona but to a number of other manufactures that I mentioned in the call. We are very well positioned to continue to grow well in this part of the dental market. And dentists are investing in their practices wanting to add the latest technology which is also indicative of the optimism that dentists had in dentistry. And again, let me emphasize, this is in the US but Canada and abroad likewise dental laboratories are also investing in their labs and are heavily investing in digital technology. 
Stanley Bergman: So, Jeff, on the market, the market is relatively stable. Maybe it's growing a percent - potentially little bit more than that. There is a bit more optimism now than perhaps a year ago. So it's definitely leaning in the positive area. And we continue to gain market share, we hear this from our manufacturers, the data that is available showing us that we continue to gain market share. Whether we grow 2% or 3% or 4%, it's sort of in that range. And let me just emphasize that equipment is very strong. We expected to remain strong because dentists are investing in their practices. As it relates to flu, yes, I think the statistics are out there that flu is having impact on the population. I think it's the highest percentage of the population to be effected by the flu virus in many years. So I think it will impact visits to dentists in specific parts of the country. But I don't think that will have a significant impact on Henry Schein's ability to deliver results we are focused on and we anticipate. 
Stanley Bergman: So, Jeff, Steven will response to the financial aspect. But Henry Schein, I think is the very first time we ever commented on litigation. But we feel this case is so outrageous and this is the one fundamental point. We've done business with dental buying groups for many years. Henry Schein, in fact was the company that conceived the notion of dealing with special markets and groups of customers. We continue to do business with very large buying groups, mid-sized buying groups, and we are now accused of refusing to do business with these people who actually have been doing business with for 20 plus years. So we absolutely deny these allegations. We don't know what others have done or what potentially others have done but we have not done anything wrong in our view and this case is without merit from our point of view. As you know Henry Schein is the company where we have prided ourselves with ethical behavior, adherence to the laws, integrity, and honesty and how can we do something that -- how can we agree to do something that we are already doing. It just doesn't make sense. The FTC is accusing us of doing something that we are actually doing. So it's beside logic this whole thing and we vehemently, vehemently refute these allegations. And this is the first time I think in the 22 years as a public company, we've actually commented on litigation because this is so outrageous. 
Stanley Bergman: So we deny these allegations. We have been a company that is worked with GPOs whether it's in the dental space, the medical and animal health space for a long time. I don't think, can't imagine any scenario where we have to now start adjusting our pricing policy because of the FTC complaint. We have been servicing this customers, we were the company that conceived the notion of special markets 22 years ago where we went out to service large group practices, we now have a mid market group that is focused on mid market practices. And have supported small practices involved in buying group for a long time. So this whole thing doesn't make sense from Henry Schein point of view. And I don't believe this would impact our margin is possible. I don't think, other factors could impact our margin and as Steven has noted on many occasions we are working to increase our efficiency to advance sales higher margin product et cetera. But I don't think this particular set of circumstances will impact our margins. 
Stanley Bergman: Yes. We are not giving guidance on the breakdown we never had between the manufactures that we --to generate sales from. So I think and Steven had some clarifying points here. We've never done that. So I think it's best to ask the manufacturers directly.
Stanley Bergman: Bob, if you pull the complaint because it is public information. You can see what the complaint is asking for relief, so there are details in that. And rather than me going by memory, I refer you to the complaint directly. But, again, it's all injunctive relief. There are no financial damages but take a look at the detail complaint because that's all we know at this point. 
Stanley Bergman: Just and again without putting a new metric after this, you are going to have track every quarter, just simply this is too much to track for investors. But in Germany, there were five I think less business days this quarter because of the way the holidays fell. And there is a challenge in the consumable market in Italy. We don't think it's going to be the challenge for that long. And there were some weakness in France on consumables but we don't see any of these things as long term trend. 
Stanley Bergman: And also just more color we don't expect this to have any material impact -- certainly no material impact on the front end of the house in terms of sales force reductions or anything like that. But we've been investing in software and systems and we think we can increase our efficiency on those areas and also integrate some of our acquisitions that we made in the past into our core system. So it's that kind of work and we are -- we've been working on this for a while for past six months. And now we finally concluded working towards concluding what specific plans to implement. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, everyone for calling in. Thank you for the questions as I think you can tell from Steven and my tone, we remain most optimistic about the company. And we are very excited as we unfold our 2018, 2020 strategic plan. We feel very good with our high-touch value added proposition of serving customers with wide array of value-added services and delivered through our field consultants and supported by telesales and what we believe to be world class electronic ordering and other ways of doing business with Henry Schein. And are very, very enthusiastic about the future. So thanks for your interest. Again, if you have questions you can call Steve at 5915; it is the last four digits for Henry Schein number and Carolynne --
Stanley Bergman: So thank you very much and we will be back in I believe 60 days right or 90 days. Just under 90 days. Thank you. 
Steven Paladino: On part of your question, let me just first add that 18% sales growth included both strong growths in traditional equipment, traditional equipment was double digits and high tech equipment was also double digit a bit higher than the traditional. So it's really across the board strong sales growth in all aspects of dental equipment in North America. Related to our inventory, yes, we did have to bring in inventory in order to meet demand and expected demand for Dentsply Sirona products, it's typical for us to have showroom inventory as well as being able to fill the orders as quickly as the customers needs or want. But I will say that both on working capital we do have a goal of improving inventory turns. I'd like to see somewhere close to half a turn improvement over the next year or so. So we do think that there is opportunity to become more efficient on inventory management going forward also. 
Steven Paladino: Yes. So the only thing I would add on that is that the complaint if you take the time to read the complaint has some, what I would call, provocative comments. But don't be swayed and I am glad that you asked the question, Jeff, for the benefit of everyone, don't be swayed by provocative statements. Go back to the basics which Stanley just mentioned which is how could we be accused of conspiring not to sell to certain buying groups when we are selling and we have been selling and we've always sells to the same buying group. So, again be careful not to be swayed by again provocative statements in the complaint. As far as financial impact, again, there is no monetary damages or fines that the complaints are seeking. It's only injunctive relief; we do have an estimate built into our guidance for some legal cost and other cost in order to deal with the matter. Hopefully we have estimated that well although as you can probably guess it's hard to estimate that with perfection. But we do believe that we have it adequately covered in the guidance. 
Steven Paladino: Sure. Well, first of all, our guidance increase was only related to the tax impact net of the $0.02 comp that we talked about. We did not change guidance for any other aspects of the business. And if you look at -- and you could the math yourself, but if you look at an estimate of somewhere between 3% and 4% lower tax rate for the company, and if you use something even to mid point of that range, I think you will quickly get to the guidance that we gave. Remember, this is a very complex tax law. We are still feeling our way around it. So the goal is to be a little bit conservative on our guidance on it because of many moving parts including what percentage of our income is within the US versus in other tax jurisdiction. And but again the guidance was only changed because of that. I'd also remind you that if you remember in Q1 of this year, we had 2017 we had an outsized tax benefit for long-term compensation that was because the stock prices is one of the variables that determines our investing date, what the actual tax deduction will be and because over the three year period that ended in Q1 of 2017, the stock price performance was very strong. We are not expecting that same benefit in 2018. So that's what built into our tax guidance also. But again if you just do the math as I outlined, I think you will come very close to what we did in guidance. 
Steven Paladino: Yes. No, I don't want to give specific supplier guidance. But we did say that traditional equipment was very strong also at double digits within that 18%. And I'll just comment that the Dentsply Sirona was not a significant impact our traditional equipment. It was more A-dec and other lines that we have. And Dentsply Sirona really impacts more for us, the high tech equipment at least in this most recent quarter. So, again, it was really broad based our equipment sales growth. So we are very pleased with that. 
Steven Paladino: Well, the weakness internationally, really was a not new event although maybe is more pronounced this quarter. We did talk about in certain European countries specifically Germany with some weakness in that market last quarter. That's continuing. I think we do believe that European market is still a very good market. We are very focused on improving our value add component. We are very advanced in the US and some other market. And we are not just quite advanced at this time in Germany and a couple of other markets. But there is a strong focus on that. So I think I can't say in the next quarter necessarily, but if you think out medium term, I think that you will see more improvement in our international dental revenues. 
Steven Paladino: Sure, Jon. It's hard -- we are just looking at what the opportunities are. And the reason why I mentioned it is because we do think there are further opportunities to improve profitability, to take some cost out of the system. But at this point, it's really part of the analysis. We haven't completed the analysis. So I don't have specifics. I can't tell you exactly where it might be or what the potential benefit would be. But I do raise it because I think that there is a reasonably good likelihood that when we finish the analysis; we'll have opportunities to improve profitability through restructuring activities. You are right it's not something that we do all time. But we think there is opportunity here and why not take advantage of it at this time. 
Steven Paladino: So I guess also the short follow up is we'll give a further update next quarter as we have those plans more fully developed. 
Steven Paladino: Sure. Flu vaccine sales were little bit stronger in Q4 versus Q3 but it wasn't a material impact on our overall sales growth. We do expect to sell a similar number of doses somewhere in the 6 million -7 million dose range in 2018 that's embedded in our guidance. And foreign exchange, we are really not expecting any major movement in foreign exchange from current levels. Obviously, our guidance can absorb it on the downside or have upside, small movement because the range is wide enough to absorb that. But a bit of material change in foreign exchange rate we would call it out in 2018 should have happened. 
