Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne, and good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. I'll provide further information, further color on our performance during the second quarter, expectations for the rest of the year, after Steven provides the specific information on our performance in the second quarter. Generally, though, our North American dental sales were a little bit below our expectations in the second quarter. However, sales in our Medical, Animal Health, Technology, Value-Added Services businesses was strong, as well as in aspects of our North American dental business. And we will again provide further color on specifics after you have the details from Steven. Over the years, our business has been quite predictable and, as an organization, Henry Schein has been able to adapt, seize opportunities and address challenges. We believe that our business model and strategic plan, including our continued investments, will drive our growth over the long term and in fact in the medium term. And we remain extremely well-positioned in each of our vertical markets we serve, not only to gain market share, but of course to manage our investments very carefully. We have a seasoned management team that is very good at these points and particularly at gaining market share and managing our investments in a very strategic way. On a granular level, looking at plans for the UK to leave the European Union, they're on a very early stage, which is likely to be a two-year process, many say not much starts until early next year. Surely, there will be developments along the way, but let me be clear that Henry Schein's commitment to the UK remains unchanged and so does our commitment to the European Union. We continue to believe that the UK and Europe on the whole represent attractive long-term opportunities in both our Dental and Animal Health businesses and perhaps even in our Medical business in the long term. We expect to continue to execute well in our value-added custom approach, just as we did before the Brexit vote. In a moment, I'll provide, as I said, an additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments, but first Steven will review the specifics around our financial results.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Just, let me just add a little bit more flavor. First of all, there is no IMS data, as we've said, over the past in dentistry, but it's our view that essentially from a unit's point of view, the market is flat. It's not going down, it's not going up, talking about the U.S. consumable market. And we think that the market is growing at about 2%, which is essentially price increases. We've now – there is an independent market data product out there, it's not accurate, but it does show a modest sequential downturn, and it is more or less accurate directionally. But two months is not a statistically valid view of that market from our point of view. We've also spoken to several key manufacturers who support this view that the consumable business in the U.S. is essentially flat, with a couple of hundred basis points of inflation. So, we're talking about 100 basis points, 80 basis points margin of error; it's very, very small. And in that context, we believe we are still gaining market share and have gained market share consistently for a while. We hear this from most of the major if not all the major manufacturers. So, we wanted to take a cautious view. I'd be quick to say that our demand for equipment is good. One of our key manufacturers was delayed a little bit in the second quarter with providing equipment, a new system which we had taken a lot of orders for. We believe that that equipment will be delivered in time for the third quarter. So we're looking at a much better second quarter, but within these hundreds of basis points this way, that way we want to be on the cautious side. I also mentioned earlier on, that we're doing quite well with CAD/CAM sales, particularly with scanners. So we have to be careful not to be too negative, but also want to be cautious here. And, yes, our Medical, our Animal Health, our Oral Surgery, our Dental specialty businesses in general remain solid. In fact, our Corporate Accounts business, our Special Markets business in dentistry is actually doing quite well and so is the mid-market. The area where we just can't put our finger on right now is what's happening to the smaller Main Street dentists in the U.S. And again, overall, we do see that we're gaining market share in this country and abroad and in all of our businesses. We don't see any area on the strategic side that we want to moderate or change; perhaps we want to advance the Solutions business, leading with software a little bit faster. But overall, I think, Steven is right to be on the cautious side, and we want to reduce the top end a bit of our guidance. So, it's really cautionary, indicative of these numerous areas that may be slightly questionable, including the economy, in this country and in Europe. We're actually quite comfortable that we will deliver good results in the end in Europe, but the economy in Europe is out of our control. So that's why we'd like to be a little bit more cautious and also control our expenses a little bit more carefully.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, our implant business in general, John is doing okay. And again, we want to be careful about not creating expectations that we're going to report monthly sales on an ongoing basis. But because of this particular situation, I must say, it caught us a little bit by surprise heading into our Dental National Sales Meeting in June. It is possible that a little bit of a downtick occurred because our entire sales force was out of the field for a while. But to answer that question directly, April and May were pretty good in the implant business. June was a challenge, but it would appear that July bounced back. But again, John, we're talking within a hundreds of basis points both sides, not even hundreds, 100 or so basis points both sides. So I'm not sure if this is conclusive on the downside or conclusive on the upside. I will say the U.S. implant market is quite strong; we're comfortable with the European markets for implants. But on the margin, our implant business has been driven by few countries, not Henry Schein on the ground, but through distribution agents in countries like Russia and Turkey and even Japan. And these are markets that have been very helpful, again driving within 100 basis points here or there growth. But we're a little cautious about these markets. Having said that, let me quickly remind that we are quite comfortable with our two big markets for BioHorizons, the U.S., Canada, and for CAMLOG Germany and the Duc (44:49) region.
Stanley M. Bergman: It's a good question. You can imagine, to quote one of our finance people, we've been torturing numbers, and really we cannot come up with anything 100% conclusive. What we've told you is what we believe. And I think we don't want to create the precedent of having to go into this detail every quarter. But because of this unusual situation that occurred in June, we felt we should provide a little more information. But there are clusters leading one way, but there are clusters going the other way. And it's really very hard to come up with anything conclusive other than to say that this particular survey, this independent market survey, does show modest sequential downturn, but it's only good from a directional point of view and manufacturers have given us this view. But I have to tell you, there are manufacturers that have shown us that business has been good. And for those – and I would say more or less across the board, Henry Schein has been gaining – continuously gained market share. And again I'm talking about consumables, because I think the equipment business is quite sound, especially in the digital space, whether it's the digital imaging or digital prosthetics.
Stanley M. Bergman: Jon, that is probably the number-one vexing question we have. The animal health market is doing well, yet we are doing better than the market both here and in Europe. But it is doing well, it's alive and well. We saw similar things, and I don't want to draw any more analogy to what I'm about to say than just the narrow point I'm going to make, don't read any trends into this. But in 2008, 2009 and 2010, Animal Health, in most of those quarters did better than Dental. But I don't want to come to any conclusions because there are a lot of other factors in Dental, insurance. We have to also remember I think we may have gotten a false positive in the first quarter. We saw growth was significant on consumables and that may have been due to weather. I think the dental market in the United States has been more or less flat for a while and driven a little bit by inflation and also perhaps visits to implant dentists a little bit more. But, again, we're in a few hundred basis points here in Dental and it's hard to gauge what is happening specifically within that range. Having said that, the animal health market is a healthy market around the world, driven by the middle class and, as we've said before many times, the baby boomers. They're buying more pets. Again, I'm not really speaking on behalf of the agri side of it, the production side, which has its own dynamics related to the milk price, the meat price. But Henry Schein is not a big player in that space, with the exception of a few markets like Ireland or New Zealand, where we are in the dairy field, and in couple of markets, Australia and parts of Europe, where we have some production. But from the pet point of view, it's growing. The demand for pets is growing and people are spending more money. We've seen that with our customers, both the customer that is public and the customers that are not public. It's a hot space, it's a good space. And I would say the medical space in good, too, but it's not driven by consumer issues on the medical side. It's driven by a realignment in the way in which healthcare is provided. Obviously, we've shown very good results on the Medical side for the past six quarters, but obviously it's not sustainable at that high level, although we remain very optimistic in our ability to gain market share. And the foot traffic in to the medical office is not really as important as us gaining bigger accounts.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. So, Bob, let me stress that this is not the first time we've seen this. Even in the last three years, four years, five years, we do periodically have a month or two months with a challenge. What happened here is that we had an extremely good April and May, and we didn't expect it to fall off this much. So that's number one. Number two is, I don't think there's any major that changed dynamics on the competitive side. It is a competitive market to be sure. There's no shortage of competitors. Everybody is fighting for that last dollar. So it is a competitive market. Having said that, we do own some brands in the discount area and they did not see any real change in dynamics. Their trending is more or less the same as ours. We have those interests in those businesses just so we can keep an eye on what's going on on that side. By the way, we do this not only in the U.S., but throughout the world. And we don't see any major change in the competitive pressures. In fact, on the contrary. We see equipment doing quite well and practitioners investing specifically on the digital side. So what we said is what we know and we don't normally go this deep into it, but given this change, we felt we should be more explicit. And I can't nor can Jim Breslawski the President of Henry Schein, the CEO of our Dental business, nor could he point to anything specific on the competitive side.
Stanley M. Bergman: On the share gain, directionally, I think we continue to gain share. And this seems to be an issue with the very small practices and, yes the very large ones seem to be growing a little bit and the mid-market ones are growing quite substantially. But the little ones are struggling a bit, at least from a June point of view. I would not take that and extrapolate and say, the smaller practices are having problems, but it seems that in this particular two months' cycle there was a challenge there.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. So, David, I think we've mentioned in the last couple of calls that the sales in Medical to some extent is to a large extent dependent upon bringing on these larger accounts, and they come onboard in a lumpy way. So we brought a lot of these accounts onboard in the last two years. It's obviously not sustainable at these phenomenal rates, because the market is not growing by these rates. The market probably, and there's no specific data, is growing by a couple of hundred basis points and definitely not because of inflation, because pricing is moving from branded to generics on the pharmaceutical side and on the MedSurg side. So, we've had very healthy growth in this area, organic. We are growing on top of that. So I would repeat what we said in previous calls, that we are gaining market share. I think we're gaining very nicely on the market share side organically. Of course, the Cardinal acquisition did help, but organically, I think that's where the impetus is coming from. So I'm not sure, as I said in my – I think in the prepared remarks, that these double-digit growth numbers are sustainable in Medical, but we will grow at a multiple of the markets. And we will increase our profits in this area as we drive more profitable mix in products in this area. We're very happy with our Medical business. Now on the Cardinal side, the integration of the Cardinal Health physician office business is substantially complete, and we have received positive feedback from the acquired customer base. There's a lot of change going on in healthcare and we are in the process of modifying our purchase commitment to Cardinal to reflect the rapidly changing environment that makes more business sense from both of our points of view. We're creating greater flexibility in our relationship with Cardinal, specifically around the integrated delivery networks. They are better at servicing aspects of the IDN and we are better at servicing other aspects of the IDN. So we are modifying the marketing arrangement with Cardinal. And there are certain products that doesn't make sense for us to buy from Cardinal as they have very good procurement pricing as it relates to hospitals. But the demand for choice in the physician market is much greater than in the hospital where formularies can be mandated and not so much mandated in the physician space, and even in large group practices. So, we're modifying this thinking right now with Cardinal, but I would say, our internal growth is pretty good in this physician space, arguably the best of all the players, the bigger players. And we're very optimistic about this business and actually optimistic about the strategic direction we can take this business in over the next five years.
Stanley M. Bergman: Sometimes as much as $300 million, but I doubt, less than $200 million a year. These kinds of deals in the end are expensive in the first year from a P&L point of view, because you've got all the deal cuffs (62:18), sometimes you have software amortization that has to be picked up in first year or inventory adjustments, but in the second year or so that become very profitable.
Stanley M. Bergman: Sure. There's always increased competition. There's no shortage of suppliers that would like to take these accounts. And we believe that we have very good value-added services. Of course, we will lose an account from time-to-time. But I think in the end, we've shown that we can gain more accounts than lose them, especially those that are centrally managed, that are formulary driven. I think our knowledge from the Medical space, which was introduced into the Animal Health space and into Dental, stands us in good stead. But, yes, there's obviously increased competition. To my knowledge, there's been increased competition over the past decade almost. And I think we're doing okay and we are building more and more value-added services, that's the nature of the free market.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you, everyone, for calling in. We're, of course, very bullish about the future of Henry Schein; nothing has changed there. We have a good strategic plan. We start in January of 2017 working on the strategic plan for 2018, 2019 and 2020. I'm sure that will result in allocation, reallocation of resources, as you would expect. But overall, we're very pleased with the direction, the longer-term results. Sometimes one business is ahead of another; that's the nature of business. Sometimes you have a challenge here and you've a challenge there and you have a plus here and a plus there. We have a great management team, a team in the organization that is highly motivated and ready for even more competition. And so, we remain very, very excited about where we are and the opportunity for the future. If anybody has further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders at 631-390-8105. And thank you for your participation, and look forward to speaking with our investor community again in 90 days. I believe Steven, and I'm not sure about myself, but I know Steven will be at investor conferences over the next 90 days, and certainly are ready to speak about any questions that you may have in the form of clarification of information already disclosed. So thank you very much.
Steven Paladino: Well, there's a couple of things. Remember, we do want to be cautious on the conservative side in our guidance. As we've said, in the U.S. Dental, we saw a slowness of sales that began in June, and while we're not convinced that this is a long-term permanent impact, we do want to make sure that if it continues for a little while that our guidance is sustainable. We do have foreign exchange headwinds. We do expect, although we haven't seen much impact right now in the UK, we do expect that the UK market will soften, and as you probably know, about 8% of our revenues are in the UK market between Dental and Animal Health. We also because, I know you know this also, but when you look at profitability, our U.S. Dental on a distribution business is our most profitable business, so we have a mix issue on profitability where the most profitable business is growing the slowest; and while Medical and Animal Health are nicely profitable, they're just not as profitable. So, there's a lot of things going on, Jeff, and we just feel that right now, given that we were not expecting this June sales slowdown, is the time to be a little bit cautious in the market. So, hopefully, that helps you a little bit.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Yeah, it is primarily mix driven. We did not see a significant rebound in U.S. Dental sales in July, consumable sales. It's really right now continuing at similar rates to Q2. On the other hand, equipment, we did see an increase in equipment demand, our backlog is very strong and increasing on equipment. We do expect an uptick, a modest uptick, in consumable sales in the U.S., but again, we're trying to be cautious. And I'd like to point out, when you look at our margin, look at the components of our margin, for the quarter, excluding restructuring costs, our operating expenses are down 35 basis points versus the prior year. And if you exclude the acquisitions in the last 12 months, operating expenses are actually down 55 basis points. So, our restructuring activities are making us more efficient, but on the gross margin level, Dental consumable sales for distribution are our highest gross margin business. So, again, we're trying to be cautious in the market, and a little bit conservative. And so we need more data points in the future in order to be able to talk about what we're seeing for a longer term in the market.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Jon. So for Q3, the first important thing is Q3 was a difficult comp on an EPS level and an easier comp in Q4. And specifically, Q3 of last year had 15.7% EPS growth. So it is a more difficult comp. So that's one thing. Some of things that we talked about, cautious view of dental market in the U.S., Brexit, foreign exchange, but there's also timing of expenses between Q3 and Q4. There's also further restructuring activities, which will only have a modest impact in Q3 and have a greater impact in Q4. And lastly, a potential for flu vaccine sales timing that could be a little bit negative for us. But the biggest reason, I gave you a laundry list, but the biggest reason is that 15.7% EPS growth last year's third quarter.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. And just to add to that, based on the data that we have, we don't see any share shifts of any magnitude that we can reasonably comment on. So, we don't think that our share really changed dramatically during this period. We think the biggest issue is we just had a soft Q in market.
Steven Paladino: Okay. Again, on the previous call, I highlighted some of that. For the current quarter, excluding restructuring portion of the core operating expenses and excluding acquisitions that were done within 12 months, because they just changed the base, we took down operating expenses as a percentage of sales by 55 basis points. So we're looking to do more. Right now, we're still determining exactly what additional restructuring activities should be executed on, and that's why we can't give an estimate for how much the additional restructurings are, because we haven't finalized that. But we do expect to take operating expenses down even further, again to reflect this more cautious view. And there's opportunities there for us. But it's really difficult to pinpoint that at this point.
