Graham Stanley: Our conference call remarks will include both GAAP and non-GAAP financial results. We believe the non-GAAP financial measures provide investors with useful supplemental information about the financial performance of our business, enable the comparison of financial results between periods, where certain items may vary independently of business performance, and allow for greater transplant to reflect the key metrics used by management in operating our business. These non-GAAP financial measures are presented solely for informational and comparative purposes which should not be regarded as a replacement for corresponding GAAP measures.  Reconciliations between GAAP and non-GAAP measures can be found in the supplemental Information section of our Investor Relations website, and in Exhibit B of today's press release, which is available in the Investor Relations section of our website. Lastly, the content of this conference call contains time-sensitive information that is accurate only as of the date of the live broadcast, May 3rd, 2022. Henry Schein undertakes no obligation to revise or base any forward-looking statements to reflect events or circumstances after the date of this call. Please limit yourself to a single question and a follow-up during Q&A to allow as many listeners as possible to [Indiscernible] questions within the one hour we have allotted for this call. We have updated the format of today's call with Stanley covering the business performance followed by Ron's review of our financial results. We hope you find this format beneficial. And with that, I'd like to turn the call over to Stanley Bergman.
Graham Stanley: Sure. Thank you, Stan. I just like to state that certain comments made during this call will include information that's forward-looking. As you know risks and uncertainties involved in the company's business may affect the matters referred to in forward-looking statements. As a result, the company's performance may materially differ from those expressed in or indicated by such forward-looking statements. These forward-looking statements are qualified in their entirety by the cautionary statements contained in Henry Schein's filings with the Securities and Exchange Commission included in the Risk Factors section of those filings. In addition, all comments about the markets we serve, including end market growth rates and market share, are based upon the company's internal analysis and estimates. So with that, I'll hand the call back to Stanley cause I think everybody heard the rest of the statements at the beginning. Thank you, Stanley.
Graham Stanley: I would reveal a line of business is relatively small and growth is impacted by new accounts, particularly some DSOs that have not taken on the [Indiscernible] line. I don't think our sales are much of an indication. Although obviously, in the first part of the first quarter, visits or elective procedures were down. It came back again. But I'm not sure we're the right party to give you an indication of the market in general. Suffices to say, we remain quite bullish for our reveal line. Having said that, it's a very small business, relatively small business compared to the market.
Graham Stanley: Our next question comes from the line of Elizabeth Anderson from Evercore ISI. Your line is open. Please go ahead.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Ron, unfortunate the beginning part of our call with Graham made his introductory remarks. We're not sort of broadcast to our participants. There was a problem versus Operator and intervention the call got disconnected. I think my remarks and Ron's are fully picked up. Graham. You may want to repeat maybe a remarks, please, Graham. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much, Graham. Operator, please refer the questions, open the line for questions. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: But I'd say your estimate on the COVID test kits to the FX are pretty reasonable. And that's really -- those are really the components. There's not offsetting items that were [Indiscernible]
Stanley Bergman: I think generally strong, a visit to dentist point-of-view, taking into account COVID -impacted locations. I think generally, we're in positive territory from visits dentist, from what we can tell, the higher end procedures remained quite strong with some specialty products at the high end, sleep quite. The strong at the moment, we're more respect to where we were in December of 202’1 posts. You never know where this variant is going to have an impact. Right now, though we did have pretty bad January from a business point of view, and February, March started getting better April looking okay. I think [Indiscernible] to stable leading pasture.
Stanley Bergman: Our medical business focuses on the ultimate key areas, mostly physician offices. With our independent or part of a group or in fact, a large part of it is with the medical practices are owned by IDNs. We also have businesses that focus on the government. And we have businesses that focus on smaller ambulatory surgical centers. And we have businesses that focus on provide us such as renal treatment centers and cancer centers. That's -- we do not serve as the long-term care in a way, nor the acute care area, and obviously not the drugstore. So that's really our business. And the net area, we have been gaining market share for a decade.  Just very good execution. I would say that all this continues to point to gain market share. Obviously the PPE and the tests the spot numbers sometimes magnified and sometimes you reduce our underlying business performance. But essentially within that particular part that I described, we continue to gain market share. We do add some new products, but we should contribute. I would say, including better way we entered the homecare space in small way and would expand that. But I'm not sure if that contributed at all to the internal growth as miss the acquisition growth. So overall, the business is just gaining market share.
Stanley Bergman: Unfortunately, we had a putting space, a straight surcharge. We've done this in the past to deal with increased costs. Utilities. Generally, customers average shifted that as the requirements.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Two very good questions. First of all, the demand for dental equipment, both traditional and digital, has been quite strong, actually since around the early part of the time we -- practices went back after COVID. So I guess from the second quarter of -- third quarter, post third quarter of 2020. It's been pretty well. Demand is there. There's one particular challenge, and that is on the chairs, units, and lines, that part of traditional business. We had a big supplier exit the markets. And the other two major suppliers plus three or four other smaller ones, have had challenge keeping up with our demand because we were a big customer of the business that closed down on the chairs, units, and lines side of the business. The capacity has increased. We certainly can provide equipment, traditional equipment to any customer urgency needs it. Having said that, demand continues to grow, supply increases, but it's still a bit of an imbalance. And we don't see at the moment the time when the demand for traditional equipment will significantly reduce status view as of this very moment. On the digital side, demand continues to grow.  Digital dentistry is growing rapidly. We have a number of suppliers providing us with products. They all to one extent to another had some challenges in providing satisfying demand, though, some fall is challenged than others. And the demand is doing -- and we continue to sell a lot with [Indiscernible] buildup in the backlog in that regard, there it's related to the suppliers having thoughts, chips, challenges. So the market is stable. There is a problem, is satisfying all about purchase orders. And the demand is good so dentists are investing the practices I might add the same is on the medical side. So practitioners are generally investing in the practices we have a good selection in good manufacturer support and equivalent business both in dental, medical, domestic, and globally is quite strong.  And regarding your question on seasonality, I will say it's a very good question and it's a very difficult question to answer. You're right. Historically, there were some seasonal trends, they were somewhat nuanced, but they were some seasonal trends to our business and I think as we went into the pandemic and are coming out of the pandemic a lot of that has -- that dynamic has changed. And I think that there's -- there are so many different factors, whether they be covid test kit, pricing of PPE, demand for PPE. The days are kind of predicting increased sales in the fourth quarter for equipment, tax incentive, equipment purchasing are difficult now. I think it's admittedly our sales -- our earnings are probably going to be a little choppier than they have been historically. And that's really just driven by the dynamics of the markets in which we're operating right now.
Stanley Bergman: This implant trends continue to be quite strong. As I noted, the Hyatt end of industry seems to be doing quite well. Our strengths of close is in North America and Europe course we have a presence in Asia, but we're not as large in those markets. On a global basis, the Asian markets and some of developing world markets are growing at a faster rate than the pin, with particularly strong in Germany, The U.S. market. In the markets we're in. I think we're doing a pay for these. We are gaining market share from a global point of view, there are other markets that are growing faster that we're not really in and imagine those other markets will have a setback because of sales in China and Russia and Eastern Europe.  Overall, I think from our point view, the market's are continued to be quite good, and we continue to gain market share with a number of very important introductions products in the specialty areas, implants with bone generally that we liked regeneration and of course to moving. Thank you. So -- Unfortunately, we have to end the call. We are few minutes over, but we have this interruption. It was beyond under control. Thank you, everyone for the interest. We changed the format. And if you have feedback a little bit on the format or on the press release, hopefully it's more concise, satisfied our investor needs, but we will very much would appreciate any input from our investors. As you can tell, we remain bullish about the business. We're quite happy with our 2022 to 2024 strategic plan. We're making very good progress. We have an outstanding management team behind the plan. And generally think our both +1 strategy will increase shareholder value and nice consistently as we've done for the past 100 + quarters as a public company. Thank you for your interest and feel free to reach out to Graham or to Ron and look forward to seeing people at the -- speaking to people at the future conferences next month ahead. And have a great summer. Thank you.
Ronald South: So Jeff, if you recall, our original sales guidance was 6% to 8% and the components of that included about 0.4 acquisitions and a point for the 53rd week this year. So that left us with about 4% to 6% of internal growth, whether it be the price increases or from increased volumes. I think we were taking down the sales growth of 5% to 8% and that extra point we're taking off the floor. There is really a combination of what we're seeing in trends in the COVID test kits, as we said, for expecting those sales be 15% to 25% lower than last year versus our original guidance of 10% lower and also the FX headwinds. You can kind of do that math and say, the internal number, now be something that's closer to say 3.5% to 5.5% or 6% in terms of the internal number that we're still aiming for for this year. I don't know. Hopefully that acceptably.
Ronald South: I think a couple of areas. In a COVID test kits the $250 million in the quarter, and while we're taking down the full year on COVID test kits, I don't think we didn't expect to do quite that well in the first quarter with a test kits sales. I think also, we're really happy with our gross margins in the dental business. In spite of some of the pressure we're feeling on gloves, we still did fairly good on the margins there. And then of course the equipment. The equipment came in much better than what we had originally expected. And as we said on the call, we remain bullish on equipment. So I think all those things when combined, guide us to a good place on the quarter. There's other things I would acknowledge that we did well on effective tax rate, we did well in a few other areas, but I think that between the good margins that we experienced in dental, not just in gloves, but in non-PPE sales as well, helped us out for the first quarter.
Ronald South: Yeah. We're dealing with wage inflation, like everybody is right. And our normal cadence of salary increases as the company goes into effect people one, so we will see an increase in payroll costs going forward. That is taken into consideration when we talk about operating expenses and our plant operating expense, expansion for the margin expansion.
