Steven Paladino: Sure. Right now, today's price when we call it, it will probably have very little impact on our share count. But obviously, if the stock price continues to increase, it'll have a future benefit to stock share count going forward. With respect to the direct P&L costs, we would expect to finance that and have really a slight benefit to our interest expense going forward from the time that we call it. We are eligible to call the convertible some time after August 20, on or after August 20. So we are today putting in place some long term financing in order to accomplish that, but we feel comfortable that we'll get that done during Q3.
Steven Paladino: No, not major impact today. But again, the future impact, as the stock price increases, might be a nice impact that were looking to avoid.
Steven Paladino: Okay, we did see some smaller acquisitions both in Q1 where we're not seeing the full quarter impact in Q2, as well as some additional smaller acquisitions in the North American Dental market in Q2. We didn't do any press releases on those acquisitions since they really weren't significant. Most of those acquisitions are in our dental specialties area, and we would expect that this current quarter's impact on sales will continue to have a similar impact going forward. On the bottom line basis, it really had very little, maybe slightly negative impact this quarter, those acquisitions, because of one-time costs. But we would expect the sales to continue in Q3 and Q4 at the current rates that we saw in Q2.
Steven Paladino: Let me just add, I'll add also just financially on Equipment, a little bit of color. The good news is that we saw good growth both in traditional as well as high-tech categories. We continue to see high-tech growing at a faster pace, but traditional also grew nicely. And within high-tech, I would say that the fastest-growing category is in the digital radiography area. And that's probably those trends we would expect to continue going forward.
Steven Paladino: Yes, we still have little bit more integration, obviously, in Q3 as Stanley talked about. But certainly, we're expecting to be ahead of schedule and completing the physical integration, and therefore, we think that there is benefit going forward. Right now, we're not changing our overall guidance on that acquisition, the impact of it. But we certainly believe that there's good opportunity now to start focusing on revenue growth and we think that the combined company is obviously the leader in the market and should be able to drive strong revenue growth. And we're going to start really focusing on that starting right after the integration is complete. So there's potentially upside there, but right now, I think the good news is that the heavy lifting, so to speak, on the integration was completed extraordinarily well. And we retained all but three of the sales people, the field sales people. So overall, I think we're in good position going to late this year and next year.
Steven Paladino: Well, we still expect to see overall operating margin expansion for the full year. And as I said in the prepared remarks, we saw some operating margin expansion for the first six months. It was negatively impacted by the integration expenses and the acquisition costs. By the way, those two expenses in total probably contributed to somewhere around $0.03 negative impact on our current Q2 quarter. So we look through that because those are more one-time items. But overall, we still think that we'll see operating margin expansion going forward.
Steven Paladino: Let me, Bob, on your second question, the convert. So we think it will be very slightly accretive as we refinanced the convert for the balance of the year. But it really is because of the timing and the year being substantially completed by the time we call it, we have the financing in place. It really will have very small impact for the balance of the year. Of course, we do believe that as the stock price increases since the strike price on the convert was $46 and change that obviously had stock price increases. It has a further benefit to us and we're hoping that, not hoping, but obviously by eliminating the convert we'll eliminate any further dilution from the convert as the stock price increases.
Steven Paladino: Just to give you the second part of your question, on the Butler Schein side, those three salespeople, that is not a net number. That's an absolute number. We only lost three people in total since the integration has started. And overall, our field sales consultants were up modestly. We added about seven people on a worldwide basis this quarter versus the end of Q1 with four of those people in the North American Dental market and the balance in International.
Steven Paladino: On your second question, no, it will be less than a $0.01. It won't even be round to a $0.01 because we'll only have four months of benefit, so it will be less than a $0.01. And I think you're right, I haven't looked that at exactly the way you're seeing. I think the effective tax rate being lower is offsetting some of the foreign exchange negative impact. Right now, the dollar to the euro is like 1.31 to almost 1.32. So the euro strengthened a little bit from where it's been, but still compared to our initial expectations, we'll probably $0.05 to $0.06 negative since the beginning of the year, again, assuming exchange rates stay where they are.
Steven Paladino: 2010 is not an anomaly. We think we can keep the effective tax rate in a similar range going forward. I'm hesitant to say that we can bring it down further next year, but I think we can keep it in a similar range as of the 2010 effective tax rate.
Steven Paladino: It's kind of early to say that. I still think that we believe that, that will be extended, but it's really all I can say. I think next quarter's conference call, we can give a better update.
Steven Paladino: Yes, But size is right on. Actually it's probably a little bit north of that. On a full year basis, obviously, we'll have less this year because the $70 million or $80 million for 2010 is a good number. But on an annualized basis, it will be higher because obviously, the acquisitions in total did not have at all at the beginning of the year. And I'm not sure if I have a lot more information on, it is within our Dental specialty area, I don't have a lot more specific granular on product categories than that.
Steven Paladino: It's really at the same range, so it's not that this is a change, it's just, when we look at the detailed calculation rather than $0.04 to $0.05, it was actually $0.05 to $0.06. So it's really not anything different, just a refinement of the calculation.
Steven Paladino: Yes, the only thing is that on the taxes that's corrected on the foreign exchange, it's probably a $0.01 or a little bit over a $0.01 per quarter, not $0.05 for the balance of the year. It's $0.05 to $0.06 for the full year.
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's correct but also the other big contributor was on our CAMLOG business where we also own a majority interest that had a good quarter.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, Steve, of course I just said no one has a crystal ball. There are lower number of visits to the physician offices at this point. Quite a bit of that, of course, is driven by the H1N1 change. There was more concern last year versus the concern this year. It is very hard to determine how much exactly of the traffic is related to H1N1. There will be lots of articles written in that area and there's a lot of debate. It's quite clear what our sales, additional sales were of the products related to H1N1, which we've given our estimates in the call. We're not down on the medical market. There is that sentiment out there that we think that there could be few ups and downs. Longer term, medium term shall we say, healthcare reform will drive further visits into the office particularly at the primary care level. Although it is expected that reimbursement per procedure is likely to go down. So the use of products is likely to remain stable, taking out H1N1, more or less stable and go up a little bit. Having said that, there will be no doubt lower reimbursement per procedure. Lower reimbursement per procedure will mean that the practitioners will be seeking more value for the dollars they spend on products, and that's our job to make sure that we provide the best value in products to our customers. This could, in fact, dampen internal growth, but it's highly unlikely that it will dampen profits. In fact, we think the opposite. This, together with the increase in demand for electronic medical records, which will also be driven by the need to make the practice more efficient, but at the same time, it will be driven by the government subsidies. All of this should help our business in the long run. So we will be called upon to help practitioners operate a better business, more efficient business so that they can provide more quality care to more patients, higher quality care to more patients. All of this, we think, will present good opportunity for our Medical business. And I think one has to be very cautious when one reads all the articles about traffic, as there are many dimensions to the medical practice, and certainly, the impact of any change in patterns on our business needs to be very carefully thought through. In fact, we're quite optimistic about our Medical business.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think Steven might have mentioned. I don't remember I mentioned it, but there certainly is some pent-up demand, replacement of traditional equipment. Not sure how much is pent-up demand and how much is the desire to just have a better office, more efficient office, a better appearing office. So we continue to remain quite optimistic. Our backlog, which is what we monitor carefully, is consistent with prior years in terms of the pattern as to when backlog is created during the cycle of the year. Of course, we continue to be optimistic on some of the new technology products, whether it's the 3D x-ray system, certainly digital, there's still many, many practices well over half. Some would argue well over 60% of practices still don't have a digital x-ray. Of course, CAD/CAM is a very exciting area. Only a very small percentage of dentists have CAD/CAM. We expect that to do well. And so overall, at this stage, as we're sitting here today, we remain quite optimistic about our Dental Equipment business for the remainder of the year. Of course, also you're aware of the tax incentives that will be surely viewed by practitioners at the year end as an important part of their practice planning, cash flow planning. The market is a little bit challenged on securing financing. It was much easier to secure financing two years ago, but still Henry Schein Financial Services, in one way or another, is able to secure financing for 90% or so of applications. And of course, that's down from the 98% or 97% of two years ago, but also we think that we're getting more applications for financing directed to us versus going elsewhere. That's credit to our Financial Services people. And overall, we remain quite optimistic about our Dental Equipment business, and we see a consistent yet slow increase in the internal growth rate on the Consumables side.
Stanley Bergman: Sure. We saw another good increase in International operating margins. I don't have the exact number, but it was similar to Q1 operating margin expansion. That's moving, continuing to move in the right direction for us. We believe that we'll achieve, well actually, exceed our operating margin expansion goals for the current year internationally. Some of that now, obviously, because of foreign exchange. It all translate in to bottom-line earnings. We did see foreign exchange have about a $0.01 of negative impact for us in Q2. But overall, we feel like International operating margins are continuing to go in the right direction.
Stanley Bergman: John, overall, our sentiment is consistent with our message delivered during our first quarter call. And that is we believe we sort of reached the bottom of the overall markets, and that we're seeing a slow increase in demand for our products. Any movement either way is in terms or should be viewed in terms of basis points rather than major percentage changes. There is very little data out there, solid data that we can rely on. Having said that, I feel for the North American Dental market, is that the market is probably flat to going slightly. A little stronger in Canada, a little stronger with large practices. And the consumables are in the positive territory, not much, but we're gaining market share from an internal point of view for sure and internal local currency point of view. The equipment side is stronger than last year, although not quite back to where it was before the third quarter of 2008. The trend that we saw in the second quarter is a trend that more or less we'd expect to see played out during the third and fourth quarter. On the medical side, I already gave some thoughts. You have to x out the H1N1 for sure. How stable the market is once you've x that out is hard to tell because really hard to gauge exactly how much the impact of H1N1 was. It definitely have an impact, but not a huge impact. Definitely an impact. The traffic is down. How much of the traffic is down related to non-H1N1 items, hard to tell. Probably a little bit, but not huge. Definitely see over the next quarters ahead, definitely over the next year, more visits driven by healthcare reform on the primary care side, probably less visits on the specialty side. All in all, more visits but lower reimbursement per procedure means the practitioner are going to be shopping for better value. It means we need to be there to help a better value and help put electronic medical record that is going to be in demand and the related integration to digitalize equipment. On the Vet side, very hard to tell. We believe the market maybe flat to slightly down, one has to be very careful when looking at statistics. First of all, there are two markets, agriculture, large animal and the companion animal. We are primarily in the companion animal virtually, totally. Then one has to look at the swing between Agency business and business where the full sale is booked. This can be very confusing when looking at numbers in this area. We spent a lot of time on this, and we conclude that it's just not easy to figure this all out. Then third there is the trend between large practices and small practices. It's our view that the larger practices are suffering to a greater extent than the smaller practices. In fact, Steve and I were just talking about that this morning. It's hard to know the exact reason, but it's a fact. It seems like traffic in the large practice is down a little bit, in the large practices it seems like it's up a little bit. All in all, we now view, remains a very good market. Europe, well, it's hard to give you a feel for the entire of Europe. But our view is that on balance, the market is probably flat but more likely to be growing in low-single digits. Not to take out the ideas impacting the second quarter for equipment. Taking that out, we believe we're in positive low-single-digit growth areas. Consumable, more stable. Equipment in parts could be a little bit on the upswing. Discounting for the IDS. So on balance, we remain quite optimistic that our markets are more or less flattish to slightly up, but definitely bullish on our ability to gain market share, in prac [practically] in every market. I have to be careful to use the word every, but practically every market we're in.
Stanley Bergman: Bob, on the manufacturing side, I think we've been quite clear in our intentions there, where we cannot access the product and you know it goes back for those that are following us -- that followed us for years. It goes back to the days when we manufactured Dental chairs, once we were able to access a good line of Dental chairs, we then got out of the Manufacturing business. Likewise with digital X-ray. In the early days, no one will give us a good digital X-ray. We brought to market our own. Once we were able to secure a good line of Dental digital X-rays, we got out of that business. We experienced a similar situation on the specialty side. And on the specialty side, we entered the Implant business about five years ago as a manufacturer with CAMLOG. We could not access any of the major Implant lines that time. We still own a significant interest in the CAMLOG International business. Likewise, we have undertaken a similar initiative on the orthodontic side where to Ortho Organizers, we do have some, not a lot, but some manufacturing capability. A lot of the products that Ortho Organizers sells, including product that's sold to the Schein private-brand line and the Maisel [ph] line are actually acquired from third party. So that's our general philosophy. And in general, where we can access -- where we have a problem accessing a line, we will manufacture. It all here and there opportunities that we take advantage of during the global crises several years ago. We've made an investment in our glove machine system, and those kinds of opportunities present themselves. With one point, had a problem in accessing Dental anesthetic. We invested in a plant. We subsequently sold the interest in their plant and no longer own an interest, by the way, in the glove machinery. So those kinds of opportunities appear from time to time and where it makes sense, we will invest accordingly.
Stanley Bergman: Very good question there, and we internally discuss this on a regular basis. We do think there are a couple of clear points and there are a couple of items that are a bit more hazy. One thing that is clear is our corporate accounts footprint, larger practices, equipment is growing. The consumable side is a little bit more challenging but we are growing, our consumable market share in that area as well, although we have a very large market share already, and think that the related Equipment business is doing well. The number of new designs request is no where near the level it was two years ago. It bounces around, one month it's up, one month it's down. So it's clear that its not as robust. It is also clear that people that we're going to replace equipment two years ago, and they didn't do it two years ago are coming back to do that. There are new practices opening, no question about it. Not again as robust as a couple of years ago. There is some private equity money coming in to the corporate side. So overall, we remain optimistic that we're moving towards the numbers on the equipment side that we experienced two years ago, but don't believe we're going to be at that number in the next several quarters.
Stanley Bergman: Right, on the numbers, I don't have those in my head, but Steven usually knows those numbers and he'll think about it while I'm talking, we'll look it up. On the Dental North American side, we continue to be aggressively recruiting experience equipment and consumable representatives. I don't think our overall number has increased, but the quality of our sales force has increased. We have been able to attract experienced representatives, and I would say particularly in the last year on the Dental side. Many of those representatives are not yet fully productive as they have non-compete and sit on the sideline, but have had no problem in attracting good representatives. We slow down on our rookie classes during the recessionary period, but I believe we just add one and we're going to put and we're going to have another one soon. So we continue to invest in our field sales representatives on the Dental side in the United States and in Canada. And we'd expect that number to grow slightly over time but definitely, the quality of its sales force to increase with the addition of competitive representatives. On the Technology side, on the tech service people, I don't know the exact answer but my guess is we continue to add slightly but also to rebalance, and we are shifting towards those parts of the country that are more economically robust and filling out in other parts of the country. But overall, my suspicion or my thoughts are that we are increasing slightly the number of representatives, technical representatives and shifting around. By the way, you don't need a lot of technical representation for digital X-ray and for D4D, the technical service and for i-CAT. You need more technical representatives for the installation of the traditional equipment. And your last question is on the Butler Schein side, the sales force, as Steven indicated, is stable. Clearly, after the integration is complete, and we start focusing on the selling side versus the inwardly focused and I think it's very important for us to remain inwardly focused through the third quarter plus the beginning of the fourth. We cannot take our hands off the wheel in terms of making sure that the systems are working well, that all the challenges that go with an integration are dealt with. There's no point to advancing sales on the marketing side or additional sales people or adding additional telesales people, field of telesales, until such time as the integration is complete. It's going as well, perhaps even slightly better as we discussed it at our board meeting last week with our venture partner, everyone's happy. But we cannot take our hands off the wheel and throw on the integration side. And so the last distribution center is integrated and all the software changes will be made. Once that's done, it will be full ball in terms of sales and marketing and also adding additional field and telesales representation in areas where we feel we could take advantage. In addition to that, by the way, there will be further cooperation as noted early on between our U.S. and our global Animal Health business who create the synergies as we have on the Dental side.
Stanley Bergman: Where we look at that in the past, it's not always a good indicator because sometimes we see a strong month and then the next month is not as strong and because of purchasing patterns of the end user. So overall, I can tell you we think the better way of looking at it from a -- and I'm really referring to on equipment is the fact that our order book is growing, has been growing for the full year. It really means that, overall, equipment is showing some positive signs. But to look at equipment on one month versus another because of the timing of the installation, really, we don't think is a good indicator. As far as the consumables, consumables have been pretty consistent. Last quarter, we were 1.2% local internal consumable growth this quarter, a little bit ahead of that, 1.3% and we're kind of feeling like directionally, it's continuing to go in that positive direction. But again, booking at specific months probably it could give you a false positive or a false negative.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, we're well over the limit right now, it's probably best for you to give Steven a call. But in summary, because I think this is probably been of interest to you on tied investors and group. We conducted a strategic review two and a half years ago. The result of that strategic review was amongst other things, the establishment of two major areas of focus. One was on the large practices and the emerging relationships between physicians and hospital networks, and that connection established the healthcare services group moving resources from the small practice part of the business into that and that has been quite effective and certainly timely. Our relationship with Medline also helps in that with regards as well as the Allscripts relationship, and two other strategic partners that we put in place. To a large extent to address this issue and the other area of major trend was the growing drive towards specialty and a particularly large specialty groups, and we have in that area also put some focus into play. I think we should probably conclude at this time, and maybe a one more short question.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much everyone. Thank you for calling in. I'm sorry we went over, but it was quite a complex quarter, and there's a lot going on in the business. The numbers are actually quite clean but there's a lot going on, a lot of noise going on in the marketplace. And as I think you can tell from the prepared remarks, the answers to questions, Steve and I remained at this point in time, quite bullish on the future of the business. We think there is a complexity in the marketplace that needs to be understood from a nuance point of view, and we think we will continue to gain market share, manage our expenses and grow the business, and therefore, increase shareholder value. Thank you for calling. Steven can be reached directly at (631)843-5915 and Susan Vassallo at (631)843-5562 if you have any questions. Thank you very much and look forward to speaking in about 90 days. Goodbye.
