Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. We are pleased to report record financial results for the third quarter. We believe we gained market share in each of our business groups, as the company continues to be well served by our diversified portfolio and an expanding global customer base. Today, we are affirming guidance for 2016 GAAP diluted EPS growth of 7% to 8% or 10% to 11% on an adjusted non-GPA (sic) [non-GAAP] basis. We are also pleased to introduce guidance for 2017 diluted EPS that represents growth of 17% to 19% on a GAAP basis or growth on a 9% to 11% basis on an adjusted non-GPA (sic) [non-GAAP] basis. Both compared with respective midpoints of 2016 guidance. In a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent business performance and accomplishments. But to set the tone, we remain very pleased with the state of the company, with our continued market share growth throughout the world, and believe we are operating in very good markets. So, Steven, please provide your financial report.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you for that question. We believe the U.S. dental market continues to be quite stable. In our view, the soft U.S. dental consumable market is more temporary, in our view again, as September sales growth accelerated. Now, just to be clear, we're talking about hundreds of basis points, even less than that, swings. So it is hard to measure this impact on a month-to-month basis. September was strong, October was soft. We believe the October sales growth was negatively impacted by weather in certain areas in the country. When I say soft, I mean relatively soft in terms of basis points. Small numbers of basis points. It is still, in our view, too early to conclude whether the market will experience a more significant rebound. But it's really important to note that our U.S. dental equipment and our specialty product sales were strong during the quarter. By the way, our Canadian business is also strong. So that impacts the North American performance as well. We believe that the U.S. dental equipment positive trends are positive market indicators. So, overall, the U.S. dental market is solid, probably flat from a unit point of view. Very hard to tell. There are some units that are up in the specialty areas, and there's also some price compression because of, perhaps, competitiveness with one or two product categories. But, overall, the market is solid, and very hard to make concrete long-term decisions on trends based on one week's performance over another. But we believe dentists would not be investing in their practices if they didn't feel good about the practices. By the way, we do continue to feel very good about our global Animal Health business, our U.S. Medical business, our international Dental business. And overall, we do feel very confident that we are gaining market share across all of our portfolios throughout the world. So it's a long answer to a short question.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, the dental market has always been a very competitive market. We have been competing strongly with our major competitors and the smaller competitors for decades. I'm not sure the competition has increased substantially. At the end of the day, we believe we have a very strong proposition to offer to our large customers, our midsized customers and our smaller customers. The proposition we offer is based on a margin generation value that enables us to fund the Value-Added Services, which we believe are unique in the market, in particular, our software that we offer, interoperability of that software with various devices, our e-commerce platform. These are all unique. So, given that array of value-added offering and coupled with the prices that perhaps are being offered from time to time by competitors, we believe we have a very good offering and, more important, do not feel we are in any more of a competitive disadvantage or advantage to the historical trends. Having said that, we do believe that our value-added service offering continues to improve and, therefore, increases the positive gap between us and our competition.
Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Jeff. Good question. I think we have to, of course, add to the Value-Added Services proposition of Henry Schein. We have many business units that are offering different componentry to the dental market whether it's products, specialty products, whether it is value-added services, software, e-commerce, different kinds of services from an education point of view, from a practitioner's point of view, from the relationship with schools. We need to go out into the marketplace much more with a one-stop proposition to our customers, including leveraging our businesses outside of dental, namely medical and to some extent veterinary, because they also are dealing with some of the schools and some of the institutions. So, what we need to be doing is going out far more with a one-stop value-added service proposition. We are well positioned. I don't believe anyone has the array of services that we have and particularly on a global basis. We need to globalize more of our value-added services, be it in the digital prosthetic field or in the software field. And interoperability will be key. So these are the various areas that we will focus on. Your last sentence about additional competition coming into our markets with large accounts, I think that's what you implied. I don't think anything has changed there. There's been a lot of competition in that space. There will always be competition in that space. More of the business will go into the very large accounts, but more will go into the mid-sized accounts. And I believe that in our strategic vision for the future, we will focus on separate value-added service propositions for different sectors of the market, the very large, the mid markets and the small. And these will be global propositions because it's the same trend that we're seeing around the world. And our value-added service offerings will be globalized. Yes, they will be customized for specific market needs, but the strategic thinking behind these offerings and the services that we will develop or expand the services that we will develop will be utilizing global resources and global solutions, with some customization for the local needs. So we are very excited about the opportunities we have to further advance our value-added service propositions for specific sectors based on the size of customer and adding to that the various value-added service solutions from a specialty point of view as well.
Stanley M. Bergman: Well, of course, price has always played a role – a key role. You've got to be competitive. Price has been an issue in our markets for the 36 years that I've been in the business. So, yes, price is important. But you have to balance price with value-added services. It costs money to develop value-added services. It costs money to field a sales force, although both the value-added services and the field force need to be more efficient. We need to have more sales per head and we need to have more sales per dollar invested in value-added services. So the combination of investment in the value-added services and price is what drives competition and the bottom line. We obviously have to sharpen that as we have done every single year for decades. We have to sharpen at the end of the day the price we charge for the value-added service and the products. Competition has always been there. So I'm not sure if there's anything new in the market other than we have to just continue with what we've done for decades, which is to provide a better proposition to our customers. I'm confident that we are well positioned to do that as we bring together our various offerings into a unified offering for our customer base.
Stanley M. Bergman: When I say nothing's different, nothing's different in the market in terms of competition. The dental market, the medical and animal health markets have been fiercely competitive markets for decades, and I don't expect that to change.
Stanley M. Bergman: I think these exchanges are not really impacting us directly per se. The number of Americans who now have access to a primary care physician has gone up over the last year or two or three. More people realize that through the Affordable Act, they can access a primary care physician. They understand more and more the value of a primary care physician visit. So that has gone up. We have cautioned, though, on prior calls, that double-digit growth in this market is not realistic. Can't do that forever. So the kind of growth we're experiencing now, a little bit up, little bit down, is where we can continue to grow for a while into the future. Mid-single digits to a little bit higher single digits is, I think, what you can expect. But beyond that, we may have quarters from time to time with a very high rate, but I don't think that is sustainable, and we certainly haven't built our models and our budgets around that.
Stanley M. Bergman: John, just to add to Steven's comment, I think it is reasonable to expect mid percentage growth – single-digit growth in our Animal Health and our Medical businesses. Yes, we've had quarters where that number has been higher. I'm talking about an internal growth adjusting for agency switches in the Animal Health space, but I think mid-single percentage growth is reasonable in Animal Health and Medical. Again, we've had higher, but we have to build our models based on that. Some growth in Dental and that I think is the way we need to project the future rather than build it based on – build our future based on some of the spikes we've had on the higher side from time to time. Again, we are very comfortable with our businesses. We expect to grow market share across the board in each of our businesses in the major sections of consumables, equipment, value-added services in the case of Animal Health in both the pharmaceutical side and the consumables side, the disposable side, diagnostics. And so I think we're well positioned in the entire company to continue to grow market share across the board. We have a great management team. We're adding to the management team in a couple of areas where we have, where we feel that there's greater opportunity to grow into newer areas or areas that may be of the newer parts of the economy from our point of view and are very, very excited about the company. The morale is good and overall I think we're well positioned to develop our 2018-2019-2020 strategic plan. We have a clear understanding of what's going to be in there. It's a question of fine-tuning. And we're very, very excited about the future.
Stanley M. Bergman: So with that in mind, everyone, thank you for calling in and we look forward to being on the phone with you, I think, in this time it's 120 days, right? Because it's in February. So if you have any questions, please feel free to call Carolynne Borders at...
Stanley M. Bergman: Or Steve Paladino with the 5915 as the last four digits. Thank you very much. Have a great balance of the year and look forward to speaking to you in 2017.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, on the favorable timing, I'll deal with the first that's easy. There are three factors. One is the North American dental equipment sales, 13% growth in the current quarter, but some of that did pull forward from Q4. The second is favorable timing on influenza vaccine sales. I think, as most people know, we can't control sales between Q3 and Q4. And we just had stronger versus last year – we had stronger sales growth in the current quarter versus last year's third quarter. And the last is, it's some timing of some expenses. And again, all three of those, we wanted to point out that while it was still a strong quarter, were some favorable timing things that helped Q3 and will reverse in Q4. On your second question, Jeff, I think you know that starting in June, the market saw and we were unfortunately the first to talk about it on our conference call, the U.S. dental market showed softness. We saw that softness really continue June, July and August at different rates, but not materially different rates. September was a very strong month for us. We were beginning to believe – during September, and I'm talking about consumable merchandise in the U.S. dental market, specifically, we were beginning to believe that it was really just related to the summer and vacations for practices or patients, but it was very strong. And then, October was not as strong. It was still a bit better than what we saw earlier. But, geographically, you had the hurricane impact that negatively impacted things. You had the ADA trade show that was in a different quarter than last year that negatively impacted. So we still believe that October is potentially an indicator of positive signs, but as Stanley said, we don't have a perfect crystal ball. We would like to see some future data points. Equipment sales we would expect to be strong again because of Section 179 in Q4. Stanley also highlighted specialty sales to give you a specific on that, specifically on dental implants, and I think everyone knows dental implants typically because they're high-priced products and high-priced procedures and very little insurance coverage, when patients are more conscious of their spend, typically that's something that shows weakness earlier. But again, we had very strong dental implant sales. We had double-digit sales growth globally and even slightly higher than that in the U.S. market. So I think both the equipment and the specialty sales are indicators that the market is stable and has potential, but we're still being cautious (41:18) don't have that perfect crystal ball.
Steven Paladino: Can I just add one thing, please? Mike, you made reference in your question to other areas of healthcare where there is, my understanding because it's not an area we participate in, but I assume you're referring to pharma wholesaling and over the last couple of weeks or so, there's been a lot of input on very competitive situations. I just want to make sure everyone realizes that's not our market. Sometimes we get painted with a broad brush that we're both in healthcare distribution, but whatever is going on there, and I don't pretend to understand it as well, that is really not what we're seeing in our market. Yes, you have to be competitive, but we still don't believe that you have participants who are doing irrational pricing in order to gain market share. So it's just a different world in our segment of medical and animal health.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, well, inventory levels were down. The inventory turns were also relatively consistent year-over-year. And when you look at our inventory levels, there's less inventory carried for equipment, because much of equipment is custom ordered. So we do have certain equipment that, for standard packages, that we'll sell immediately to customers. But many times, customers are not ordering out of inventory. So it's directly related to more the consumable sides. I would say that the better measurement is looking at inventory turns, and that's been consistent. And our goal, quite frankly, is to improve turns over the next year or two. There're still opportunities in the market, from time to time, to do small forward buy-ins. So we take advantage of that where it's financially smart to do so. Typically, we're not buying forward any significant period of time. We're dealing with four to six weeks. So it's very short-term buys. But if the market allows us to get a little bit of advantage doing that, then we'll take advantage of it.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So there was no agency impact that was material in the current quarter. So it's the same number with or without agency because there was no impact. So, yes, you're correct that it was slightly lower than a comparable number, which I think was high-single digits – high-single maybe to 10% in the prior quarter. But I don't think there's anything there. It's still very strong sales growth. We're still growing significantly faster than the market and taking market share. And you have to be careful just specifically looking at that closely one quarter to a next, because there are ebbs and flows in winning business that don't perfectly go straight line in every quarter, but we're still very pleased with that 7% growth.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, so, it's not unusual for us to have promotions from time to time. It's part of what we continually do. We had a very successful promotion for equipment sales that ended at the end of Q3, which is also typical. We typically time our promotions to end at the end of a quarter. It's probably more successful than we expected it to be, which is a good thing, I guess. And I guess, John, the thing that we believe will be positive for us is this whole Section 179, where practices can deduct up to $500,000 of CapEx. And we believe that'll drive additional equipment sales growth in Q4, and we've been saying that all year. But quite frankly, it's really hard to estimate with precision how much of that will occur, but I do think that we'll see benefit there and I do think that there'll be a little bit of impact because we did pull forward equipment sales, but we still expect to have a good Q4 in equipment. But the wildcard is how much of the 179 will actually come to help us in Q4.
Steven Paladino: Yeah, it doesn't seem like that. It doesn't seem like that at all, which is also another factor why we believe that this U.S. phenomenon may be more temporary. Temporary may not be measured in a month or two. It may be measured in a longer time period. But when you look at Medical and you look at Animal Health, we're really not seeing a similar thing occurring in the U.S. So I think that's a positive indicator, but we're being cautious. While we do expect a little bit of improvement in the U.S. dental market in our guidance, we're not being very aggressive there until we actually see it occur because we can't predict exactly when that temporary piece will rebound. And again, we're still expecting it to rebound, but we have to actually see it happen.
