Stanley Bergman: Okay. Glen, I'll start with your first question. Thanks for the question. If we look at the North American dental equipment side, roughly two-thirds of our sales in North American equipment is traditional equipment and roughly one-third is high-tech equipment. What we saw was during the quarter, we saw traditional equipment being relatively flat year-over-year growth. And really the weakness on a year-over-year basis was in the high-tech category and there's really two pieces of it. There's digital imaging both the 2D and the 3D imaging which was down. And we think the big reason why it was down was average selling prices are down in this product category and it's also become more of a mature category as more and more people have access -- or have digital X-ray. Separately, the other key component of high-tech equipment is CAD/CAM. On the CAD/CAM side, again Stanley spoke about that we will focus on blowing out the old Omnicam equipment during the quarter. We really while we were selling the new Primescan, I think in earnest we'll really focus more of that in the second half of the year. So, those two categories really were down in the high-tech equipment, call it roughly 6% or 7%. And when you blend that together with traditional equipment, you get to that negative 2.9% for the quarter. If you look at international equipment, international equipment was really negatively impacted by then Brazil. And just to give you a little bit more detail, there are certain segments of the core dental equipment market in Brazil which A, are very low-margin; and B, require significant dating or terms of sale which could run a year or longer. And because of those two conditions, it's really not very profitable at all and we decided to stop selling to those segments of equipment. And when you back out that, our international dental equipment sales grew by 2.6% in constant currency. So, really we had decent growth in international dental equipment excluding the Brazil activity. So, hopefully that provides you the additional color that you were looking for.
Stanley Bergman: Yes sure. Just let me also emphasize that the comparables are really important. In 2018, we had a significant and successful promotion of Omnicam in the U.S. And also we had something like 8% growth -- over 8% of our traditional equipment. So, you add those too and it's sort of almost a perfect storm. But we remain highly, highly enthusiastic about our Dental business on the equipment side in the U.S., North America, Canada, as well where we're doing quite well, and in Europe. So, on the Henry Schein financials -- what is it? Call it…
Stanley Bergman: Tech and Value-Added Services there's quite a bit that goes into it. Remember from a sales point of view, it's a relatively small number compared to the whole company. So within that, our financial services, the fact that on a comparable basis, equipment sales was lower in North America than in the previous year that impacted our ability to provide leasing services. The second is within that business, there is a business called TechCentral which sells computer hardware, not a great business, but it's a service. We are selling less computer hardware than in the past because essentially the stuff can be bought at lower prices elsewhere. And I think it's just an area that is not as robust as in the past certainly compared to the previous year. And that brings -- suppresses the earnings. There's lumpiness that has to be taken into account. We have some pretty large contracts and you have to be very careful at fine point. Henry Schein's former practice solutions businesses sold a lot of demand generation software, but nowhere near the amount of demand generation software as Internet Brands sold. So we are reporting internal growth, not complete growth. If you look at the complete growth, I think, the business grew by something like 40%. It really doesn't matter exactly whether the internal growth is perfect or not. What counts is where this deal is going to end up or where this joint venture is going to end up a year from now when the -- or actually you'll start seeing it in the next quarter, when the deal has been annualized. So, whether, it's a couple of hundred basis points or even, yes, one way or the other, it's not that relevant and it's really very hard to determine what the exact internal growth rate is on these demand generation software systems, because if we switch a customer to an Internet Brands system, that's a negative on our internal growth. So I think, at the end of the day, the success of this business should be judged, actually next quarter and beyond, when this deal annualizes, because it's a very small base. And for the reasons I've given you, one can misinterpret the impact of a few hundred basis points either way, in terms of sales or even profits. 
Stanley Bergman: And Jeff I think what's important to add to Steven's comments is that, although we are doing very well with the specialties as a percentage of total sales of consumables, it's small. But it is important from an operating margin and operating -- profit contribution. So I think it's hard sometimes to see that when you look at the externally reported numbers.
Stanley Bergman: I think you've got to allow for that to annualize out. An unusual phenomenon in Brazil is a couple of very strong different equipment providers. And for us to compete with them in certain areas particularly this traditional equipment it's just not worth it. We did have a similar situation in Italy, maybe a decade ago and we addressed that through in a strategic alliance that we entered into in Italy and that has resulted -- I'm not saying we will do that in Brazil or not. It's too early to tell. But we just don't think it's a good idea to operate in this traditional equipment market in Brazil when the margins are so low and the gating is so long and the risks of bad debt receivables is high. So having said that the consumable business is doing extremely well and it's our intention to focus on high-tech equipment and particularly the specialty areas in Brazil as well as our core business, which as I said is doing well. But Brazil has been a very good market for us. Don't read anything into this other than we're getting out of an unprofitable business.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah, sure. Our pipeline remains solid. Obviously no deals until they’re done. We have appetite for something larger but it has to make sense. There are very strict investment criteria not so much on what we paid for the business or the size of the business or the profit of the business going into it, but what it looks like once integrated into the Henry Schein portfolio. We have interest in Medical. We have interest in expanding globally on our core business. We have appetite for specialty businesses in dental and Medical. And so adding to the software platform continues. I think we put quite a bit of capital to work already this year and we expect to continue in years to come. But we -- as you know, we are conservative and we view the future of an acquisition not so much with the cash return only, but -- which has to be good, but the accounting fully loaded with depreciation and amortization. And I think if we are reporting on a cash basis, actually our performance this quarter over the first six months will be better. But at the end of the day, we prefer to go at this more conservative approach which has stood us well for the past 25 years.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. So, that actually is a very good question. On the imaging, the machines themselves, I think there's a lot of runaway in this country and abroad although I do think the average price per unit is coming down. I'm not saying our profit per unit is coming down, but I think there has to be some deflation in this area I would say, particularly in the U.S. So, I think that's what you could expect. But having said that, there are still many, many dentists that could use digital imaging in their practice. The second thing on the centers that's more commoditized, we're hoping that one or two manufacturers come out with some unique technology. There are promises in that regard, but we haven't seen. So, at the moment to a large extent, it's digitalized -- the digital sensors are a mature product and so it's replacement business. Having said that, there is an opportunity in the cloud area. Having said that a lot of that may actually in our world be classified over time as technology products versus equipment. So, there is opportunity there. We're very excited we've invested in that area. As it relates to the prosthetic side, I think the lab world continues to advance in that area. We're going to see a few more larger labs and much less smaller labs. As these larger labs consolidate, they're investing heavily in the space, I believe we're the leader in this space and we'll do well. As it relates to full systems, I think we will continue to see expansion in that area. We continue in Germany where the market is the most advanced. We are well-positioned to continue with the full system. We have sold the Sirona system there for decades and have the expertise. I think over time you will see our expertise expand in North America in this regard and we will do better. But we're relatively new to the Sirona full CAD/CAM system and our sales capabilities are expanding. This is a big opportunity for us going forward. As it relates to DI, I think there will be opportunity here. I think the prices are coming down. But those manufacturers that come up with new technology as Primescan is, will do well. We did well with Primescan in Europe. I think in the DACH region where we had the IDS and that was a great place to show the product. I think, you've got to show these products at shows, at conventions to really get the traction. And in the U.S. we will focus on Omnicam. I think there's a Primescan opportunity here. I also want to point out one other thing that Sirona will this year is in the fourth quarter, not the third quarter. So I think one has to take a look at all these ups and downs before judging the company's performance on any one quarter. I think you will see that in a given 12-month period, we have done well in this equipment world, also the consumables and remain quite optimistic that we will be able to continue to do well in equipment global market share. But please do not watch each quarter and make decisions on one quarter versus another. This is a lumpy business. As you'll recall, I think, four quarters ago we had something like 18% growth in the equipment. And so, we just have to be very careful as we judge the company based on any one particular quarter and make any decisions relative to one particular category. The dental equipment business is good. Dentists are investing in their practices and high-tech is definitely an area of growth.
Stanley Bergman: Well, that’s also a good question. So I would say to you that, as we've said on numerous calls, we're early into this aligner strategy. We believe we have a very good solution. We're educating the markets on the benefits of our clear aligner solutions, which includes the SLX for the specialists and the Reveal for the GP. We believe that the long-term opportunity for growth in this market is attractive. The whole market is attractive and we believe that we all get a share of that, both from a sales point of view and a profit point of view. And we're excited about participating, but it's much too early for us to come to any conclusions. We know on the specialists side we're getting good traction from our KOLs, we have some very good KOLs. And the Henry Schein sales force is quite excited to be selling the Reveal product. It was voted the number one product at our June National Sales Meeting. That's not so long ago. We have to allow for our products to be understood by our specialty customers and by our sales force in the Henry Schein Dental business. We're not abroad yet. We expect to bring it -- take it abroad sometime in 2020. I think a combination of Reveal and SLX. But in any event, our orthodontic business is small. It's a meaningful business and adds to our overall market share growth in the specialty area. So kind of long story short, we're very small in this space. We're quite small in orthodontics. We're bigger in endodontics and implants, in particular in bone regeneration. So I think the clear aligners will add to our specialty position. But at this point, it's relatively small.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. What I don't think I should do is comment on any specific provider. Having said that, innovation is going to occur. I think the DSO will continue to grow. In particular this mid-sized practices continue to grow. They're bringing innovative ideas to the marketplace. I'm not sure with this retail in close dentistry is going to go. I'm quite sure that where a dentist is involved in providing clinical care it's going to be well-received. Where a dentist is not involved, I think there's going to be challenges. I'm not a clinician but I can only imagine that if dentists are not involved it's not going to -- there's not going to be the appropriate quality of care. Having said that, over time whitening products did go in the drug store shelf. And at the same time, our dentists are doing very well with lighting products. So I do believe that there will be additions to this model, equivalents of Uber in transportation. And I can only think that this will be advantageous because half of the American population doesn't go to the dentist. And in particular, I believe some of these models will attract millennials and the younger generation to see a dentist. Having said that, I have to say that dental DSOs that have retail space, ground floor on Main Street's tend to be doing very, very well. So I remain quite optimistic about the future of dentistry because at the foundation the studies that are coming out are showing that there is a direct correlation between good oral care and good health care, so I think this is only going to get better as the payers and even the federal government and local governments understand the importance of oral care in the continuum of care.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. First of all please remember it's a very small business $10 million, $9.5 million. It's essentially a electronic business with some salespeople, doesn't sell a huge amount of equipment. We will expand that. The market is a big market. I would not expect to gain significant market share with this particular vehicle, but it is a fast growing business. It will generate sales. It helps advance our digital platform. But that digital platform will have to be married with other kinds of practice management software at the time as well as equipment sales and service and we believe field sales representation. We're in this business is essentially Swedish that has some business in Denmark. We already sale some products in Denmark from our German business and sale some products in Norway. These are – Norway’s a very small market. And that's the area we expect to -- this business to continue to grow. We're hopeful by the way that the business will also help us advance our implant market share and our specialty businesses in general.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. Again very, very hard to tell. We believe the markets are definitely stable; they are going to the minus category. If you had asked that question in April, I would to be concerned. But in May and June and July, as Steven pointed out, we believe there's much more traction in the markets that we're hearing from our suppliers. But the market is definitely stable and leading in a positive direction. I'm not sure there's much inflation. There could be with some of the DSO's deflation, but in any event, I do not believe the market is going backwards. For us, of course, we want to continue to grow our core businesses which obviously grow faster if the market is growing faster. But for us the opportunity lies in our specialty businesses, gaining market share with our Henry Schein One business not only in the U.S. and Canada, but globally. So, the markets are in a positive direction, but I think the Henry Schein prospects of the future are much more driven not only by the market growth, but all these other strategies to enter to advance our position into higher-margin areas and products and services and also, of course, to become more efficient as providers of these products and services. 
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much operator. As we close today's call, I would like to reiterate that we are most excited about the future of Henry Schein and many opportunities ahead in global Dental and Medical markets we serve. We are halfway through our 2018, 2019 and 2020 strategic plan. We're quite pleased with the progress we've made as we advance our key initiatives, not only to grow our footprint and our position and market share in the global Dental and Medical markets, both growth in terms of market share and profitability, the whole area of value-added services, the second strategy and marketing Schein value-added services as important connections to our core business. That's moving along quite nicely. And then, of course, to make sure that our customers understand clearly what the brand commitment is of Henry Schein, what we do, how we differentiate ourselves from our competition, the value we provide to our suppliers, and at the same time advance our market position our brands, specifically in the specialty areas, Dental and Medical that we own. So very, very excited about the future. Of course, if you have any further questions, please contact Carolynne Borders in Investor Relations 631-390-8105. And look forward to speaking to you again at the Baird Healthcare Conference in September or when we next report our earnings in early November. So have a very good rest of the summer. Thank you. 
Steven Paladino: Okay. Thanks Jeff. No. The real issue with consumables and why it was a little bit softer on a year-over-year basis versus the prior quarter over the last couple of quarters, related to one of the months of during the quarter. We really saw an extremely weak April. We're not sure we understand exactly why April was as weak as it was, but the good news was it rebounded in May and May was stronger. And June was really very strong for us. I'll also note that the month of July, while it wasn't quite as strong as June was also a pretty solid month in consumable merchandise for us. So it really wasn't related to DSO's mix between DSOs and private practice or anything like that. It was really just that April month was extremely weak for us. And again we're kind of scratching our heads saying why was that month so weak? But yeah it rebounded in May, June and July. So that was the key reason.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So, thanks for the question Nathan. If you look at overall gross margins, gross margins were driven -- the improvement was driven virtually completely by Technology and a greater percentage of Technology including the acquisition or the joint venture with Henry Schein One. I think it's important also to note that that came with incremental expenses. So, when you look at operating margin expansion, the opposite is true. The operating margin expansion came exclusively from the Healthcare Distribution business not a Technology business. So, it's a little bit complicated there, but gross margin is driven by Technology, but operating margins driven by Healthcare Distribution. 
Steven Paladino: Yes. It was quite significant the magnitude. If you look at North American consumables, April was actually down slightly and May and June were positive and grew from May to June. So really a big turnaround between April, that weakness that we saw versus May and June. So, we're hopeful that that's a bit of an anomaly because again we have three months after April where we saw a pretty decent growth in consumable sales. And again it's hard to isolate why that one was so weak, but it just was. 
