Stanley Bergman: Yes, I don't think it's a pressure from DSOs per se. I think that there is an element of steady demand for services. I don't think it's decreasing. But also, there is, I would think, a searching for products that are perhaps lower priced that achieve the same outcomes. But overall, we believe the market is steady, the -- and up significantly growing. It is very hard to define exactly what an independent is and what a midsized practice is. The midsized practices are growing faster than the independents, but it's hard to tell exactly. We try to provide general guidance, but there's no scientific methodology for determining the one versus the other. But we believe that the market, from a procedure point, is relatively stable, with significant growth in some of the specialty areas. You cannot tell that from our numbers because our specialty products, as a percent of the total products, are relatively small, but as a percent of the profits are a little bit greater. So, we try to give some sense, but there's no scientific way of delineating between small practices and midsized practices.
Stanley Bergman: I don't believe that is the case per se. I believe the alternate channels to the full service, whether it's online or short line discount providers, is relatively stable. We know this from having a bit of access to this market data through some of our investments. I don't think that is the case necessarily, but I do believe they are shopping for lower-priced units of product that are similar. And so I think there is somewhat of a downward drift in the unit price per product.
Stanley Bergman: I think that market is relatively stable. We've always had significant competition in that market from time to time, one distributor or another may be super aggressive. Our posture is that we provide significant value-added services to DSOs, in particular, in the area of data and in the area of practice management software. And we feel that for that, our pricing needs to be fair so that we can afford to pay for the resources we provide, including human capital and make a decent margin. So, I would say that this market has always been competitive. We win some accounts, we lose some accounts. We do not report every transaction that goes on in that market. I think that will be too onerous. Having said that, I believe that market is relatively stable.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. First of all, our percentage of sales in China versus our international sales in dental or even our global sale -- or our global sales is immaterial. We do own an interest in one of the largest -- maybe is the largest distributor of dental products in Wuhan, but the impact to both the sales and bottom line is not material. As it relates to dental sales in China, I think the best is to do some research on your own relative to healthcare services being provided in China. By and large, the only services that are being provided in big parts of China are essential healthcare services. There are some parts of China where dental services continue to be provided, but a huge part of China, dental services are not being provided. So, this, of course, only kicked in, in the third week of January or so, maybe early February. We don't know when the government will restore general dental -- general medical services, and in fact, dental services. This is what creates a question mark in our mind. I don't think we're unique. I believe this is the case in all healthcare. But we believe that the Chinese government will restore healthcare services in the near future because it is important to the population. But of course, none of us know the exact date when that is going to happen in any specific region. 
Stanley Bergman: So, there are two questions in that. The one, Nathan, is related to consumables. I think that small practices, midsized and large practices will spend more money per unit of product if there is some innovation in that product. We feel quite comfortable that with many of our key suppliers, there are innovative products coming out, that come out and are coming out, and that will drive products, that will drive pricing up, I think, of certain units. I don't think this is a permanent change unless there's no innovation. But we understand from our key suppliers that they are current new -- current products, good products that have been launched, innovative products that have been launched and that the pipeline continues to have products going forward, new products. As it relates to equipment, there have been competitive pricing challenges in certain imaging products. I don't believe that is the case any longer. And we know for sure, at least amongst our customer base, that they are investing in their practices, whether it's in CAD/CAM, laser or for that matter, quite frankly, traditional sales, where we reported in the North America a 5% increase. So, we believe that the equipment market is quite robust. We believe our backlog is solid. And so we are optimistic about the equipment market in general in North America, and for that matter, globally. And we believe that the consumable market is stable, and I think, should be judged over a few quarters and not necessarily one quarter.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, a good question. We actually see opportunity in all of our businesses. If you look at our capital distribution business, there's a geographic footprint expansion but also there is opportunity to add to our portfolio in practically every market throughout the world. There are no massive dental distribution businesses, really, in our site in, say, North America, but there are opportunities throughout the world on the consumable and equipment side. And there are specific markets where we're relatively underpenetrated. Having said this, we have a relatively smaller market share in specialty areas. Our market is growing. Our business is growing very nicely in the ortho, endo and oral surgery implants and bone regeneration businesses in many parts of the world. But there are many parts of the world where we either are not present or have a very small presence, so there is significant opportunity to invest in the specialty areas. Henry Schein One has huge opportunities in many, many areas for investment. And our medical business has opportunity on the distribution side in North America, but globally, there is a lot of opportunity. And on the medical side, there is a significant opportunity in investing in specialty products and businesses, including some vertical integration, specialty opportunities as we've seen on the dental side. So, we see many opportunities across the Board. We're very comfortable doing these mid-sized deals that we've been doing for years, and every now and again, do something involving putting hundreds of millions of dollars to work. But the $350 plus million of acquisitions each year is something we're quite comfortable with. We can integrate them well. And again, we see lots of opportunity for that kind of investment, and every now and again, a significant investment above number. All of these adding to our geographic presence, our product offering, and in certain areas, improving on our margins.
Stanley Bergman: Steven can provide further specific thoughts, but we have not changed our strategy per se in dealing with DSOs. It's always been a competitive market. As it relates to particular bundling opportunities, we've always bundled in one way or another. And to be specific, I think, would not be a good idea from a competitor point of view. Suffice to say is our offering of general consumables is most competitive, whether it's branded or our own brand and our offering of specialty products is quite unique amongst the distribution community. And certainly, we have a unique offering opportunity in the practice management Henry Schein One arena. So, I think we remain highly competitive in the space and where we have had a very good market share in the United States as well as in Europe. And by the way, in Europe, this DSO movement, to some extent, is growing in certain markets and we remain well-positioned to capitalize on that business as we have in the United States. It has always been a competitive market.
Stanley Bergman: I don't think you should draw any major conclusions. First of all, the two products have been introduced for about a year on mostly a beta site basis. As we did mention on the last call, we have a number of DSOs for the reveal product that have signed up. I do believe that over time, we will generate a good business in this line of field. We have a good product. We have good offering. We have some very good sales case -- marketing sales capacity behind it. But as we've said in the past, this is one additional product line to Henry Schein, and we should not draw specific conclusions on the overall impact as it relates to the business of Henry Schein in general. But we remain quite optimistic that we have a good product and a good offering, and we will slowly introduce it to ensure that our sales match the capacity to deliver. But again, we believe we have a very good product offering in both -- for both the specialist and GP and position our GP customers to compete very well with the direct players in this market. We have met a lot of positive comments. We've gotten some sales, but I think it is too early to add too much to our earnings related to this product offering, especially in light of the fact that we will be investing in sales and marketing in this area.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you very much operator. As we close today's call, I'd like to leave the investors with a thought about our business model and go-to-market strategy. We have spent decades diversifying and differentiating our dental and medical businesses by adding new products and solutions, particularly for dental, expanding our geographic footprint, and specialty offering. Our success is not bound by the growth profile of any one particular market or customer segment. We really have a diverse product offering. We are confident that we will continue to grow our sales, our gross margin, manage our expenses better, and therefore, increase operating income with the result of increase in EPS, all while turning these increased profits into cash. Growth rates will vary quarter-to-quarter in each category, but we view the fundamentals of each market we serve as solid and some as being markets that we're extremely optimistic about, whether it's the specialty markets; the practice management solutions markets; Henry Schein One; the medical markets, or for that matter, the dental and medical equipment market; and in certain sectors of the world, the consumable market, the dental consumable market. It is our goal to provide continuous growth in sales and profitability, resulting in an attractive long-term return on investment for our shareholders as we have done in the 25 years as a public company. I remain extremely optimistic about the future of Henry Schein. I can comfortably say that from a management point of view, we are better positioned today than ever before to take advantage of the opportunities that lie ahead of us. It is still the first quarter, and it is not the right time to be increasing guidance, but we do remain optimistic about Henry Schein's future. Having said that, there are a lot of variables in the world beyond anyone's control, including the Chinese situation relative to the local market. Again, not material to Henry Schein from a sales and profit point of view and availability of infection control products. We cannot be certain about that. Having said that, I believe we're very well-positioned, in fact, almost as good as anyone else to deal with the supply challenges. It's just that we cannot be 100% certain about anything. We have been working on supply chain in the infection control arena for decades and have always, in the past, been able to supply our customers with product as needed. But having said that, it is -- it would be foolhardy to make predictions in the first quarter of 2020 about the full year. Having said that, we stick with our guidance, and hopefully, we'll be in a position to present better news as the year unfolds. We look forward to speaking to you again in May, we -- when we report our next earnings, and of course, at one of the next conferences. And in fact, we'll be meeting investors here in Chicago in multiple meetings. We're very, very pleased with the progress we're making in all of our business sectors and are very excited about the future of Henry Schein. Our customers, I believe, appreciate what we're doing. And as I said, we have an outstanding team in place, with each of the key areas of focus being well-positioned for the future. So, as we go into preparing for our 2021, 2022, 2023 strategic plan, I remain extremely enthusiastic and excited about the future of Henry Schein. Thank you very much for listening to us today. We look forward again to future calls and meetings. If you have any further questions, please feel free to contact Carolynne Borders in Investor Relations at 631-390-8105, 631-390-8105 and thank you again for joining us today.
Steven Paladino: Sure. Yes, Jon. There was a refinement of the number. Historically, we were looking at all specialty products, which included a small portion of medical specialty products. And we thought it was more appropriate, really, to delineate just in dental specialty products. So, the total number is still correct, but the dental piece of it is at $650 million number.
Steven Paladino: I would just add one other thing on the DSOs. It's more difficult to quantify what the unit growth there is because DSOs, by their nature, not only do they acquire certain products, but practices. But even if they start a new practice, it's difficult to determine how much of that new practice revenues is cannibalizing other practices and how much of it is real market growth. So, that's why it's harder to really quantify what's going on in the DSOs as far as market growth perspective. Yes, they're growing, but some of it is really, again, cannibalization. And it's cleaner on the independents and that's why we cited the independents because you don't have that dynamic.
Steven Paladino: Yes. Again, let me just mention that related to coronavirus, one of the issues separate from our Chinese business, which again, as Stanley said, is small and not material, there is a question on availability of product from manufacturers on certain products, specifically things like masks and gowns and disinfectants. We saw a little bit of an accelerated demand early in Q1, but we do have limited supply, and we are really not sure when we will be able to get additional supply if there will be no disruption or if there'll be some or significant disruption, it's impossible to tell right now. So, demand really caveats that whole area because if we don't have supply, that will negatively impact the demand in consumables. So excluding any significant impact related to that, we still think that the market, while it's soft, really isn't dramatically changed. It is stable. So, we're expecting that to continue. We continue to have stable demand and products for consumables. The other thing that we're looking to do, Stanley highlighted it in his prepared remarks is, again, continue to grow in faster subcategories of the market like dental specialties to help offset that, the slower growth in general consumable products. So, I think we're really expecting stability in the consumable market going forward in our guidance.
Steven Paladino: Sure. We didn't specifically mention flu as -- I guess, there's two components of influenza. One is the actual flu vaccine that we sell to our customers. That was strong, but it's not a big driver of the overall growth, really, because it was a more severe flu and virus season. We saw patient traffic to the physician offices accelerate a bit. It's unfortunate that it's the severe season this year, but it is, and that does drive overall patient traffic and overall demand in products other than influenza per se -- influenza vaccine per se.
Steven Paladino: Yes. So, we feel -- we don't like to talk about specific entities and specific situations. We think from a competitive point of view, we're better off really not talking about that. But I will say that we feel very good with our large DSO customers. We feel like we have very strong relationships of providing exceptional service and feel good about our ability to continue to serve that customer base. And although there are some of our competitors who are looking to grow in that space, it is a little bit different than non-DSO business. And the requirements that these customers have is a little bit different. And we feel like we are uniquely positioned to be able to serve them really well. So, on average, we feel good about this customer base.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think when we report, we'll probably give more detail on that because I think it would be difficult for us, although not impossible, but difficult to say we're going to gain market share, including the loss of that one customer. I think, really, our goal would be -- that may be too optimistic and that the market share gains would be excluding the impact of that one particular customer.
Steven Paladino: Sure. So, we're hopeful that there's some upside because of new products coming into the market. We don't specifically have that built into our guidance because it's difficult to estimate the timing of when those products come into the market and what traction -- how quickly they'll get traction. But for example, one of the product categories that we saw some nice growth in Q4 in was lasers. Lasers are still a relatively new technology even though lasers have been out for a long time. The adoption of lasers in the dental market is still relatively low. So, from that perspective, it's a newer product. And it does have merit; it can do certain procedures quicker as well as less pain to the patient. So, that's one good example, but it does take time. The dental market does tend to be slow in adopting new technologies and slow in adopting new equipment. Our equipment sales growth was not just CAD/CAM in Q4. Yes, it was led by CAD/CAM, but we also had traditional equipment growth, we also had the laser growth, we had some other high-tech equipment growth. So, the short answer again is we don't have anything specific built into our guidance because it's difficult to do so around timing.
Steven Paladino: Well, one of the things that we made a concerted effort we were successful in doing is rather than having, as we had several years ago, a lot of the renewals all coming up in 1 year, we really don't have that. We were able to spread out some of the renewals so that they're not all bunched up in one particular year. So, we feel good that, that's helpful because even to focus on the renewals and to provide responses to RFPs, if you have them all coming up at one-time, it's more difficult than to focus on a few at a time. So it's also good because the impact of any one -- or any one year is not as significant as it was two or three years ago when that happens.
Steven Paladino: Well, I would say that a lot of it comes from -- every year, we do 10, 12 acquisitions, and sometimes, you can't fully integrate without restructuring. So, it's not really -- it's -- there's also a lot of new technologies that are out there to help operating more efficiently that we want to implement and that will save money. It will not be focused on any of the sales activities; we feel there's no need to do anything in that area. So, we're really more on non-sales activities that we will focus on.
Steven Paladino: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is our DSO customers are looking for not only very good supply chain, pricing and logistics but also helping them run more efficient practices, helping them with patient demand generation and really doing a lot more solutions for them than just supply chain solutions. And I think that's where we excel through Henry Schein One, especially on patient demand. I think we have unparalleled expertise in that area and some of the other value-added solutions that we have. So, I think that, that whole package really will be the winning package for customers. And again, we're uniquely positioned to be able to do that.
