Steven Paladino: Yeah. Well, let me – we're not going to be very specific on that, but I would say that probably the largest impact was the European Dental business, which probably had the biggest impact in gross margins. I think it's important to note that we see that as something that as we continue to build out our value-added services in Europe that are not as advanced as we do have in the U.S. So, for example, in Germany, we don't have software solutions among other value-added services. So, we do think there's opportunity to improve those margins over time, and of course, we're looking at operating expense efficiencies also. So, that was probably the largest. The second largest was probably product mix, where product mix worked against us, where the fastest-growing businesses were the slowest margin. And then, even within Medical and Animal Health, we had some mix issues. Specifically in Medical, we have lower gross margins on flu vaccine versus a year ago. And the last was special markets or dental support organizations. But we mentioned that even though we're smaller in the current quarter, it will be a little bit larger in Q4 and into 2018 until those contracts annualize. We're also working at being more efficient to improve the profitability of those contracts over time, but that's still something we're working on.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. Really very little, because we picked up in the affiliate income our share of the gain or loss, but we'll continue to sell the E4D products and we would expect that sales would be still good. And remember, we only have a small interest of about 20% in E4D, so really not significant impact on the EPS.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. So, for the current year, we will be below that 20 basis points target, and as I said for nine months we were, on a normalized basis, about 6 basis points. Typically, Q4 is a strong margin for us, because of strong sales of technology as well as equipment. So, there should be hopefully some upside there. I think – we still think that operating margin expansion is very doable for us. It may not be exactly 20 basis points, maybe a little bit below that for 2018, but we still feel like there's a lot of opportunity to be more efficient, leverage the infrastructure, et cetera, to achieve that, and it's important to our financial model to be able to achieve that. So, we're still calling for overall operating margin expansion.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. It depends on – I think your math is correct. It depends on where in that 1 percentage point to 2 percentage points we end up because as you could imagine, there are a lot of moving factors in an effective tax rate. And we still are trying to estimate for this stock-based compensation. We still have to estimate the number of shares that we'll vest next year, as well as what the stock price will be on that vesting date. So, there's a little bit of things beyond our control in order to be very precise on that. But yes, it is a significant headwind for us. With respect to overall margins – and I said on the last question that I think it will be a little bit lower than the 20 basis points. So that's in line with what you're saying. But we still expect to get overall margin expansion in 2018.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. It's a good question, Jeff. So, we believe that at this point, all of our major DSOs have multi-year agreements. Yes, there are some smaller ones that are not multi-year at this point. But I think the risk is all behind us. I think the fact that all of the major ones now are tied up in long-term agreements, means that the risk, while – it's not that there's no risk going forward. It's really much smaller than before this.
Steven Paladino: Well, so Europe, as people probably know, is still a market where there is still many, many smaller distributors out there. And, again, I think for us we feel like there's a big opportunity still in Europe, especially on the margin, even though the margin is contracting right now. But again, we need to continue to advance all of our value-added solutions in order to bring more value to our customers, so they're not focused on the price of that last product even though we intend to be very competitive. But we do more than just get products sufficiently to customers at a very good price. We want to show all the value-add that we need to get compensated for also. So, it's still a very small market. Most of the players are really just competing on price. They don't have the value-add. They don't have anything other than price and a little bit of relationship to compete on. So, over time, I think we'll have nice opportunities improving that.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. So, on the first piece of your question, I didn't give specifics, but the specialty sales growth did grow faster. I think it was in the mid-single-digit range, I don't have the exact number in front of me, but somewhere in the mid-single digit range. So yes, it continue to grow faster than the core consumable number.
Steven Paladino: Jon, let me just update the dental specialty growth. Actually, I looked at the number; it's a little bit higher on a global basis. I said mid-single digits, but on a global basis, it's almost 10%. So, I just wanted to update you on that.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yes. So, I'll comment on improving Dental markets. It was really a longer-term comment. We really have not factored that in at this time in 2018. So, we'll wait and see how that turns out, and if we see an improvement, then of course there'll be some upside. With respect to DSO contracts, we have initiatives where we think we can improve the profit – by the way, they're still profitable, so it's not like they're not profitable, but we do want to improve the profitability of DSO contracts. We're being a bit conservative there, because that's still work in process, so there's still some opportunity there in 2018 should we do better than what's in that guidance.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I think that's the key question and I think the question that so many investors would like answer. It's very hard to give you a precise answer. Having said that, just attended the meeting of the American College of Prosthodontists, and the impression I get is that visits are stable; there are parts of the country a little bit ahead; we've seen a little bit increased number of procedures, but generally, I would say it's flat. Furthermore, I would say that inflation is very, very little. It is a little bit, but there's also a movement more towards generics, towards corporate brands, and I would say even in some areas, a movement towards lower-cost brands. So, overall, that would be – if that was the only change, all other things being equal, it would improve our margin. But generally, I would say the market is stable and in terms of units, and – there is a little bit of net price inflation, but not much because the price increase of the branded manufacturers are being mitigated by the use of corporate brand generics and lower-cost brands. So, I would say that the market is relatively stable. Longer term – and we are not contemplating this in our budgeting and in fact in our strategic plan for the next three years, because we'd rather be conservative – we're expecting the market in the U.S., in North America in terms of units to be stable with very slight increase in prices as some of the bigger customers move their volume towards more generic-type products, which is not bad from our margin point of view, but at least I think we need to be a little bit more conservative.
Stanley M. Bergman: Jeff, let me just add that I think it's becoming clearly understood amongst the DSO community, as well as the mid-market community that Henry Schein brings unique value not only on the supply chain side, but on the consulting side and increasingly on the software side. So, every now and again, every few years, we do have a loss of an account, so pick up multiple accounts in that period. So, I think this market is quite stable and we're enjoying very good relationships with our large accounts. I have to say I've spent time with a few of them recently and the feeling that Henry Schein provides, the value that they are seeking as they're growing their businesses is quite high. So, I think we're in pretty good shape.
Stanley M. Bergman: We're quite optimistic, feel pretty good about the equipment market in the U.S., actually globally at the moment. I think there is a good movement towards dentists investing in their practices. In the traditional equipment area, I think, we're doing well with A-dec. I think Danaher, Midmark, other manufacturers, including Planmeca, I think, they've invested in their offerings, and these are well received by the customers on the traditional side, chairs, units, lights. On imaging, I think there is still a lot of momentum to adding the digital imaging into the practice, still some practices that don't have it and there are practices upgrading. And CAD/CAM is the area of great excitement. The scan-only, we continue to do well there. We have quite a large offering. These systems are, by and large, either integrated into Dentrix, Easy Dental, Ascend, college system, a dental school system, where they're about to be integrated. And I think there's huge opportunity there. And in the chairside units, I think full chairside, CAD/CAM, lots of excitement there. I think the Henry Schein salespeople add excitement to the marketplace, encouraging dentists to look at the full system, the addition of the Sirona line to us, the expansion of the offering by Planmeca, all of this adds excitement to the CAD/CAM chairside arena. And there's a lot of activity going on in the laboratory, as the laboratory moves from manual to digitalized dentistry. So, we remain quite optimistic about equipment. I believe Steven mentioned our pipeline is quite good going into the fourth quarter. I think last year, we had about 13% growth in the third quarter. So, if you average that out with now – with this past quarter, 6%, 7-or-so-percent growth is quite good. It's certainly more than the market is growing. We are excited about this area both from the interest of a dentist in equipment and equipment technology, and our ability to continue to grow market share tying that into our digital practice solutions platform as well.
Stanley M. Bergman: So, thank you, Steven. You're asking I think a very important question. On the digital standalone potential consumer distributors, there has always been and a price-driven components in dentistry. This has been the case for almost 40 years. Henry Schein built our initial business on coming out with a catalog, listing prices of all products, having those prices in stock and having great fulfillment. We were able to get to about 8% market share and could not go beyond that because dentist need much more than the consumable products at a discounted price if you will. So, two points. One is that there are several companies out there that started out as mail order, and moved to telesales, and now are digital platforms. We have interests in those companies throughout the world, including one in the U.S., the biggest. And these businesses grow, but didn't grow much differently to the traditional full service dealers in terms of consumable products. The key here is for us to continue to offer the value added services, so that our value mainly that of our field sales consulting force. Today, about 4,500 people around the world remains relevant and that the customers are prepared to pay and they pay some amount for those consultants to visit them, provide them the consulting advice on how to run the practice, on clinical efficiency, on quality of care, on simple business questions like where can I find somebody to help me run my office when I lost a general manager or lost somebody at the desk. I need to understand somebody who could help me use Dentrix. I need to find somebody who can help me do my marketing. All those kinds of things is a huge value in that. So, we believe that the value-added service part of the offering continues to grow in importance and we're investing heavily in that area. So, the digital platform is an ordering platform, sometimes offered by standalone companies that only offer consumable products and is a part of the market that goes there. And if it becomes really a price issue, well, Henry Schein has the largest variety of private brand, controlled brand products in the industry. We have practically everything a practitioner may need at very good prices. And if it becomes a price situation, we can win on that only – if that's the only issue. So, there are lot of challenges that we have to face in our business like every other business. But to me this is not on the top of the list; this is an area we have to focus on. We have to focus on our digital software platform. We're investing in that, part of the expenses – additional expenses in 2016, 2017 and certainly 2018, 2019, and 2020 will be in the area of software to make our ordering platform even more efficient, more user-friendly, tying it into automatic order replenishment, video capability for particular product offerings, study clubs, all that kind of stuff. I don't think that that is something that our competitors in the supply chain only will be able to compete with. Having said that, I think it will remain a modest size of the market of somewhere between 10%, 15% that will be priced only, and in that market, Henry Schein will continue to compete and compete very well, although on the major investment in the U.S., we do not even consolidate those sales. But I will say that the growth there is not much different to what it's been in the Henry Schein core business. So, we need to invest in a lot of areas, of course, in the digital platform and in our value-added services in general, and I think those investments will be well worth it and continue to help us create shareholder value in the years to come.
Stanley M. Bergman: So thank you all for calling in, really remain excited about where we're heading. I think we need to continue to invest in the business, as I described. I think we will continue to do well in our basic consumable and equipment businesses, dental, medical, vet, dental laboratory, and I'm particularly excited with the opportunity of increasing our operating profits, as a result of the work we're doing in the specialty areas and in the practice solution software areas, of course, all the while increasing efficiency in the business, while providing the best of products at the best value offering to our customers. So, we remain very excited about where we're heading. Steven can be reached at 621-843-5915. Carolynne Borders can be reached at 631...
Stanley M. Bergman: And they're both heading out now to the investor conference in Arizona. And they're available if people have questions. So, thank you very much.
