Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Ron. So before we open the call to questions, I would like to take a moment to note the passing of our board director, Diane Rico in August. Diane was an internationally known authority on aesthetic and restorative dentistry, as well as an early pioneer in digital dentistry. She served on our board since 2014 and brought a valuable perspective to Henry Schein. And was a wonderful human being. I would also like to spotlight that early last month Henry Schein was named to Fortune magazine’s annual Change the World list. We recognized for our leadership initiatives to advance health equity for individuals with disability, and in particular our engagement with our key stakeholders in support of this work. Our CSR report, which was released in mid August, aligned with two of the most common disclosure standards FASB, GRI. This is important milestone as we prioritize transparency and accountability in our ESG work. So in conclusion, while there are a number of external factors at play, specifically as it relates to PP and E, and test kits, and FX our BOLD plus one strategy remains our North Star. And our team is executing according to plan. As a result, we feel very good about our position in the markets we serve and generally, the team’s focus on priorities and delivery. So with that review of our third quarter financial results and some commentary on our future I like to open the call to questions. Operator, please.
Stanley Bergman: Jeff, let me just highlight. We can’t give guidance now. But in general, we’re feeling pretty good about our core businesses. That is our distribution businesses in the United States globally. Our specialty businesses, although I would say in the implant field, there is a greater demand at this moment for the lower priced also, premium implants and software businesses and other value added service businesses. Having said that, the price of PPE, namely, primarily gloves is highly volatile, although we think of stabilizing and test kits, we think have stabilized from the latter the last few quarters. But I think it wouldn’t be appropriate right now to provide guidance for 2023 taking into account the volatility in PP and E and I wish we could do more, but I think it would be irresponsible to try to predict those areas.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think that’s together with Jeff question is the core which we ponder, and I think we’re quite comfortable. Look, October dental consumable merchandise, internal sales growth, excluding PP and E grew relatively consistent with the third quarter, and that’s both in North America and internationally. So those businesses are relatively stable. Of course, we can’t, we just don’t have visibility on the price of gloves. And it could swing in a number of directions. Having said that, I think it’s better to look at the core business. And we’ll break out for you sales of these gloves, the gloves and the test categories. And so you’ll be able to figure out how we’re doing in the core business. And we’re seeing that that is pretty stable. We gave you and actually doing quite well we gave you sales, excluding those items, and excluding foreign exchange, foreign exchange and Ron will give you the number did have an in packed in all three quarters. We’re contemplating in our guidance that we’ve reached a stable foreign exchange, which is, of course, reflective of very strong dollar in the markets that we serve. Now, if I wasn’t clear, I’m happy to give you more clarity or Ron can do that. Now, as it relates to an external by the way, and medical also if you take our PPE and test October was more or less in line with the third quarter as well. And global technology value added services, sales not that material but in the scheme of Henry Schein, but the profits seem to be stable as well, from the third quarter. So patient traffic, it’s very hard to get this precise. If you take a look at the ADA survey, and we don’t know 100% how this works. Some recent analyst reports suggest that patient traffic has slowed modestly since the end of August. Somewhere we’re reading between 3% to 4%. If we take the ADA and analyst reports into account. And that according to some analysts, perhaps reading into the ADA report translates into approximately 6% below pre-pandemic levels. Now, our claims data also suggests that volume is down but approximately 3% to 4% compared to the previous year. So that is down from where it was going into the year. In addition, the ADA survey identifies with there’s a growing number of dentists in the U.S. that are concerned with staffing shortages, particularly of hygienist. So their hygiene is not material, it is the fact that they’re having a problem getting dental assistants. And so there is a concern with satisfying the traffic. But if you look at our U.S. general merchandise, and everything I’ve said now relates to the U.S. if you take a look at our U.S. merchandise sales, they’ll growing if you take our PPE by about 4% and holding steady. So our inflation expectations are that we had not expectations, our view is that we have 3% to 5% product inflation and so that means our volumes are relatively flat. We are seeing a slowdown, as I mentioned in the implant business, but also for strong 2021. So the business is basically stable. We believe we’re gaining some market share, can prove it to you. The earnings power of the business, I think has positive upside in that we are working on managing expenses and moving towards higher margin earnings. So that’s sort of basically the U.S. side. Outside of the U.S. it seems pretty stable as well. Countries are different. But it seems relatively stable. So that’s a long answer. But you cut through it all it’s relatively stable with us being optimistic on the positive side, removing PP and E on the dental side, and removing PPE and tests on the medical side. And that relates to both domestic and international. I can’t give you a crisp answer. Those are the puts and the takes.
Stanley Bergman: So good question. There all been good actually. Let me begin with the end. We did see some national brands some a bunch of increases at the end of the second quarter by some manufacturers. And I would say that there’s a growing awareness amongst our customer base of manufacturers that have increased significantly, multiple times, and those that have held their prices back. So there’s a much more acute understanding of price increases in the marketplace now than I would say, six months ago, two or three quarters ago. There’s nothing, in very little that is so unique in dentistry, that a customer can move from one manufacturer to another. Obviously, certain brands provide more comfort, as brands generally do. Statements generally make about branding than other brands. So generally, we’ve been able to pass on price increases and manufacturers have not been supportive of that. In other words, they may not want to recognize the chargeback. It’s very rare. I can’t think of too many manufacturers, but that’s not a good. It’s generally the norm in medicine. It’s been the case in medicine for two decades. There are a couple of well, one, maybe one or so manufacturers that are in dentistry that are having an issue with that. But generally we’re able to pass them along and were we not meant I would say the customers are working with us and where there isn’t a national brand option we do offer our private brand and some customers look to private brands in any event. So it’s not a crisp answer in that is not one shoe that fits all. But generally we’re able to move price increases along. And the suppliers are understanding where manufacturers are going further than others, that there are options, whether it’s with other national brands, big ones, smaller ones, or our private brand. So I believe we have very good relations with our customers, with most of our suppliers, and a managing to this in a rather effective way. Our margins, gross profit has done okay. It’s not only because of this particular issue that we describe, but it’s also a movement towards a higher growth, higher margin businesses.
Stanley Bergman: Yes, I think we mentioned our order book is stronger the end of this quarter, was stronger at the end of this quarter the last quarter. It’s a combination of areas. Some of it is the CAD CAM to large extent, the digital side was because the -- meeting was in a different quarter. That’s to some extent, not a large extent, but some of it. So generally because we did have a pretty strong quarter, both here in the U.S. by the way, international relative was held back a bit in the percentages because of prior numbers. But generally the quarter was good. And the buildup went up. Again, some of it because of then supply will moving around. But in general, it’s good. On the traditional equipment, if a customer really needed something we could supply them. If there wasn’t a rush, we asked them to wait. I would say the challenge was U.S. traditional. I would say that the manufacturers in that two major manufacturers in lights. One has not had any back order issues now for a while believe they treat us with the priority. And the other one also treats us very well that improve the capacity but it’s still backlogged. The bigger issue is less availability of the products and more the delays in the sites of installation whether is I think, in line with the general economy, labor shortage, delays by contractors and so we haven’t been able to necessarily deliver. But I think these are all marginal issues because generally equipment from our point of view is strong. Some extent is probably from gaining market share. But in general our equipment business here in the United States and globally is quite strong.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. Hard to tell. We haven’t seen the data yet on worldwide sales of implants for some data available. We haven’t seen the report yet. But my sense is the units in oral surgery have not gone down significantly, maybe slightly. But there is a greater interest in the lower priced implants it’s still a little bit strange that the actual cost of the implants is insignificant compared to the procedure. But I guess dentists in certain markets are looking at that. We’re still optimistic about the oral surgery business, very optimistic. Both the market is stable. And because we continue to do well in parts of Europe and in the United and North America, on implants. And I think the low priced units gain our business in that area is doing very well. So we’re also dealing with high comps. The quarters, previous ‘21 was very high comps, very high numbers. So I wouldn’t draw any specific conclusions as to the strength of those businesses from our point of view. I think they are pretty solid. On the other side, our indoor businesses done very well. And our traditional wires and brackets business, although it’s very small, has not done well. But our liners have done well. Let me hasten to say, with a very small market share, but we have a couple of DSO contracts that were they work exposed exclusively with us.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. We’re talking about at the margin, a relatively small percentages, one way or the other. But generally, I think the business is solid. We also do well with DSOs globally on the equipment side, I think that helps. We have capabilities, I think, on installation, able to bring up many new DSOs, practices on one day, if they buy practices, whole group of practices, we’re able to help install new equipment relatively quickly. We work very well with our suppliers. Not all but most of our suppliers on the equipment side is a great way to markets. So there’s a lot of factors in there. But I would say at least for the foreseeable future, our dental conviction is pretty good. I can’t comment on the rest of the market. There are many players with some private players, even the public players don’t disclose exactly what’s going on. Again, chairs units and lights is largely, are largely private companies. And so it’s very hard to give you a comparison to the market. Having said that we do feel comfortable with our equipment growth as November 1 2022.
Stanley Bergman: Yes. That’s also another good question. We don’t get many questions on the medical business which we think is a great franchise. We’re doing very well with IDNs. Now IDNs generally use other map distributors, big, big hospital distributors for their hospital acute care needs. But for the ultimate care needs, the physician practices primary but other ultimate care sectors other than long term care which we are not in generally, we are viewed as an important player. We don’t win every contract, but we win a lot. It’s based on our service, our relationship with suppliers, efficient charge-back systems that we have in place with suppliers that work very well with us on that side of the house, where there’s been charge-backs for example, in place for years as a way of doing business and we just do it very well on the ultimate care side, particularly the for physician side. So with the large IDNs too many new ones, we have won a few in the last few years, but that have switched that often. Having said that, there’s a growing part of the IDN business that’s moving from the acute care setting into the ultimate care specifically, physician ASC side of the provider side. And we do well with that. We also made a comment that our other medical businesses are doing well. Government business we do quite well in that area. We have some unique businesses in that area. And they’re not huge, but they’re doing well. We’ve also indicated that our sports medicine, there are parts of the EMS business that we’re in that dwell podiatry the smaller practices, the smaller group practices, these are all areas where we have folks directly focused on these businesses that are doing well. So I think we do well in this marketplace. We have scale. And we have sophisticated supply chain. I’m not sure if anyone does it better than us from a logistics point of view, combining med surg, pharmaceuticals, equipment, installation, the whole package all in one from one distributor with formularies charge-backs that really work very well.
Stanley Bergman: We still highly bullish about high growth, high margin businesses. There may be some volatility as Ron indicated, but generally, the oral surgery business is a good one. We believe growing our market share globally. And endo is very strong. Obviously, some volatility in brackets, and aligners seem, with a small for us seem to be also positive area. But I wouldn’t read any anything into one or two or three quarters. I think we’ve shown that long term our businesses are growing and we expect commitments to add in organic growth to that.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, operator. Thank you, everyone, for your participation. I think we’ve said it a couple of times today, many times, we have confidence in our core businesses. We just don’t know the degree of volatility in the PP and E, primarily gloves, and the COVID test area, the rapid test area. But excluding that we feel strength, stability. We are feeling good about our dental consumable businesses around the world, the equipment business. We are feeling good about our medical business and our value added services businesses recovered specialty. So obviously, we’re in a volatile times. But we’re also focusing on our expenses as we’ve announced in the past relative to our restructuring and this is something Henry Schein has gone through many times in the past, have a good management team in place, focused on the priorities at the center, which is a BOLD plus one initiative. So with that in mind, thank you all again for calling in. We’ll speak to you at the beginning of mid February, the longer period, mid February, but I think we’ll be at a couple of conferences will be two or three conferences. Right. And, again, if anyone has any specific questions, please feel free to reach out to Ron, to Graham and Ron and thank you very much. Since we won’t have another one of these calls, have a safe holiday season and thank you very much for your interest in Henry Schein.
Ron South: Well Jeff, we’ll start with your gross margin question first, I think that especially with given our portfolio, you get a kind of a broad mix of change of products, and that, obviously, is going to impact that gross margin. So we did see some benefit from some of the higher margin products. We did see, I think, some benefits in the third quarter on merchandise, primarily, in the non-PPE area, obviously, because gloves were down in pricing, but from inflation that we estimate to be in kind of that 3% to 4% range benefiting there as well. So I think that gave us a little bit of a lift on the gross margin versus last year. In terms of 2023, as you mentioned, there’s a lot of different moving parts, as we kind of work to and look to 2023, we just considered it to be prudent at this point in time to provide guidance with our Q4 release so that we can better understand the dynamics of the PPE market, what’s happening with COVID-19 test kits. These are all things that have a significant influence on our income. So when we provide our fourth quarter earnings release, we will provide 2023 guidance at that point in time. 
Ron South: Yes. Brandon part of this restructuring initiative we have in place is to give us an opportunity to redirect some investment internally in the business to those areas where we see greater opportunities for growth, greater opportunities for higher profitability. So that’s part of it. But we’re also like I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we have $400 million authorized for share repurchases, and we will expect that to continue to be an important part of our capital allocation going forward as well. So part of this is share buyback together with I think kind of targeted M&A as Stanley pointed out, but plus also some reallocation of internal investment and as we proceed through 2023.
Ron South: No. Hi Erwin, it’s Ron. I would say that it’s more the latter from what you just said. We’re not anticipating any other significant changes in the market. We’re just trying to better digest what’s happening on PPE and the COVID-19 test kits. I mean, we’re happy with how the business is doing. We’re happy with the quarter. We faced a $260 million revenue headwind this quarter in terms of decreased revenues in PPE and COVID test kits and in grew EPS from, non-GAAP EPS from $1.10 to $1.15. So, we’re happy with the core business, but we need to get it, we want to better understand the whole dynamics of what’s happening with PPE and COVID test kits we’ll be able to provide, I think detail that will be helpful to people when we include 2023 financial guidance with our Q4 earnings release.
Ron South: Yes Jason regarding 2023, like I said, we’ll be providing plenty of details around our 2023 financial guidance with our Q4 earnings release. So I think at this point in time, we’re not prepared to provide anything directional. With reference to your question on the kind of dental margins and the influence of specialty products I think something to keep in mind is that specialty products are likely going to have or historically may have a little more volatility in their growth versus merchandise. Merchandise can fluctuate a few points year-over-year while specialty products might have a little greater volatility than that. As Stanley said we had pretty good growth last year in the third quarter of the specialty product. So you’re right in terms of this particular quarter maybe there’s a little more kind of I’m not sure what the right word is, but how the margins kind of come together. But I don’t know if we’re to the point of saying that’s going to be kind of a long term trend here.
