Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our sales for the second quarter was solid as we posted broad based gains on a global basis. In fact, internal sales growth in local currencies of 4.3% was the highest we have reported since the fourth quarter of 2012. Our domestic sales rebounded from the effects of the severe winter weather in the preceding quarter. And also this is the quarter that should be compared to the IDS sales of 2013, which was a very good quarter from a Dental equipment and specifically an International Dental equipment growth point of view. Having achieved year -to-date diluted EPS ahead of our expectations, we are also pleased to be raising the lower end of 2014 financial guidance range by $0.04. So overall we are pleased with our performance in the quarter, a steady growth in market share in all of our business units, and we'll provide further comments as the call goes on. So, let me start by asking Steven to provide comments on the financial results, and then I'll come back with some comments on the business in general. Thank you.
Stanley Bergman: Thanks for your question. It's a very good question, and Henry Schein is committed and has been committed to providing a full array of products and related services to our customers in all three groups. This is not the first time at all where the manufacturer has decided to change distribution arrangements with us. We are extremely confident that we will not lose our market share in Animal Health globally. We remain confident that we will provide an outstanding offering of products, in this case products means equipment and consumables and related software to our customers. And I think in the end, Henry Schein will be a much stronger company in the Animal Health space, and I'm quite sure that our customers will be pleased with the offering. Obviously, I can't discuss today the exact plans we have, but you can remain sure we are comfortable that Henry Schein will have an outstanding offering of products for our Animal Health customers in this country and abroad.
Stanley Bergman: The market for digitalized industry is relatively underpenetrated. On a global basis, it's hard to get an exact number, but it's someway around the higher-single digits, maybe low-double digits, and it is our view and if one speaks to the experts in Dentistry that at some point within the next decade or so, this digital dentistry for prosthetics and the connection of the Dental office digitally to the Dental laboratory, this whole area will become standard of care. There's a huge amount of activity going on here from software to different forms of devices, the scanner, various kinds of software, different milling solutions, both in-office, in the lab, as well as all sorts of materials. So, this is a huge market, and one needs to look at the market not in terms of one device, one product, or a couple of devices put together or maybe even the case of chair side CAD/CAM scanner, the software, the mold, but in a much broader sense. And in that regard, we really are at the beginning of this digitalization of prosthetics. And so, we're very excited. We see a huge opportunity here, and I think you can expect to see lots of developments with many companies coming into this field on the chair side, but more importantly on the connectivity side, the implant side, the lab side, the milling of different kinds of prosthetics, customized prosthetics, it's a whole reinvention of Dentistry. Very excited. Henry Schein has been investing in this space for almost five to six years, and I'm not talking about just the chair side, but I'm talking about the whole reinvention of Dentistry through our global prosthetics group. And so, the launch of one particular product, maybe the one you referred to, is not as important. It is important as a product but not as important as the overall trends, and we believe we are very well positioned across Dentistry to help Dentists understand the opportunities that are emerging in the digitalization of prosthetics and help them to find solution. I think our role will be very, very similar to the role we played introducing the PC to Dentistry almost 18 years ago when we went to Dentists and suggested them that they put a PC in their office as there were at that time I think 800 different software companies, and together with the Dental community, the profession, we were able to create the leading brands in practice management software. So, it's no different to that or the role that Henry Schein played in bringing infection control, reports of infection control to the Dentists in the late 80s. Henry Schein, I think has a track record of helping Dentists' advance with the most important trends in Dentistry and [oral care] (ph). And I think, digitalization of prosthetics is no different. It's not a product situation, it's a whole solution and I think we are ideally positioned with our various businesses that we earn but more importantly with our talents of management in this arena to help practitioners understand the importance of digitalization of prosthetics and the way Henry Schein can help them.
Stanley Bergman: In fact, we have later this week, I think it's on Thursday or Friday, - Friday, we have the start of our Business of Dentistry conference in Vegas, which addresses just this point. And actually, tomorrow we have the opening of our new technology center in Utah, which is significantly devoted to helping practitioners understand the trends in Dentistry and helping them advance their practices taking advantage of these trends. This is a whole exciting area and Henry Schein is investing heavily in terms of talent and businesses and stringing these businesses together in a very logical way.
Stanley Bergman: I am not sure if one would view it soft per se , because there are lots of puts and takes. You see one number and overall I think we're gaining market share in the market. I'm not saying the market is robust, but as we have mentioned in several calls now over the last, four, five, six calls, the Dental market is leading in a positive direction, there is some deflation over the few products on the commodity side. There is production of new products. And overall I think the industry is okay. It's not the best it has been, but I would say it's leading in the positive direction and we believe we're gaining market share. Remember, sales are not that you see are, not the traditional consumable number that a distributor maybe reporting on but it's a composite of our consumables, our equipment, our specialty product. So, it's a little bit more complex and I would say again that we believe that the market is leaning towards the positive growth on balance and that we're gaining market share. As to the future, I can't really tell you exactly but we are contemplating that at this point in any event, that the GDP continuous to grow in a slightly positive way. And that Dentistry will follow the GDP in general and that Henry Schein will continue to gain market share and that's our view and that's the way we planned this year and for many years.
Stanley Bergman: I don't think any major trends can be noticed. There are some accounts that are experiencing some additional traffic. Of course do believe and I've been saying this for a while now, that this is a longer trend and I think healthcare reform will in the long run have a positive impact on oral care. But, I don't think we can say that, we experience significant across the Board increase in business because our customers are seeing more younger people at this stage. So, I don't think the public is aware of this, I don't think companies are fully aware of all the provisions which are just been made clear about the administration. So, I do think this goes well for Dentistry in general and over time we will see more younger people going to see dentists. Of course dentist would experience some pressure on pricing per procedure, but that I think in the end will result in price pressure but more units. And we, I think are well-positioned to help those customers deal with practicing, practice management, most dental practitioners can take advantage of Dentrix and Easy Dental and some of other consulting services to really operate more efficient practice. And at the same time increase the quality of care. So, I think this gives us much more value to consulting one of our consultants in practice management and inevitably good for business model. But I don't think we can point to any specific immediate trends at this point other than there's a lot of buzz, I know that I'll be talking about it my address to the uses at our Business of Dentistry conference in Vegas and so this is something that is more and more important but it's not shifting any numbers in a material way at this point.
Stanley Bergman: There are so many products that are puts and takes in this Animal Health business. And for us to start commenting on any one item, I think the one of the products you mentioned, we don't see [added] (ph). But suffice this to say, the market in the parasiticide will start a little bit later this year. And we believe that we continue to gain market share. It's a good market for us. : So, we remain very, very optimistic about our Animal Health business. We have a great global management team. I just actually on Thursday spent time with our team in Poland and our European management team, are more convinced than ever that we have a great, great team that will of course gain sales, market share and profitability for Henry Schein and some very good cash flow.
Stanley Bergman: Obviously we can't comment on this deal that's being touted around Wall Street or any other deal because if we do, that mean we'll have to comment on all sorts of things. So, our policy is generally not to comment on deals that have not been concluded. And so that there can be no inference, as to whether we're interested or not interested. But, inline with the question that was previously asked, we are most committed to the, the future of Dentistry and particularly the digitalization of Dentistry. And in that connection the implant is important, both the device itself and the prosthetic. And we need to be bigger players in the device and the prosthetics in all its forms, whether the prosthetics are custom milled or they're prefabricated. And there's a lot of software that's involved in this. So, one must be careful not to look at any particular part of our oral care equation ,the whole area of practice management, clinical and otherwise and pick one piece over the other. It's a whole continuum of care and we are very, very much understanding of the market today and where it's heading. And Henry Schein is committed as the largest provider of Dental products and services in the world to continue to be a place where Dentist look for guidance and the place where the Dentist can find the one stop solution. So, they will be roomed in the implant market for the high-end as people refer to more expensive implants. The middle high quality and I believe that both BioHorizons and Camlog has the best in implant systems in the marketplace that maybe less expensive. But if you look at Germany for example, we're selling more implants and may even have more dollars than anyone else in the marketplace. It is debatable how close we are to the number or whether we are the number one but the bottom-line our solution in Germany for example and some other countries is working well. BioHorizons is working well and we will add to that both in terms of the implant, the prosthetic, the software, the biologics, et cetera, so, we are interested in growing our position in the whole prosthetics field and on multiple upfront. And we believe we are well-positioned through our global prosthetics group to understand the dynamics and have excellent solutions. So, we are committed to the whole area of digital and prosthetics in general.
Stanley Bergman: Yeah. I would say Europe in general is leaning towards a positive. You have to be very careful in shifting through what was a terrific IDS last year. I would say the market is leaning positive. There are few markets that are not so positive, few there a little bit more positive, but generally the market is positive. I would point out the one market that is doing exceptionally well at this point and that's Australia. I am not sure, yes, I think that there are probably people on this call that would recall, for sure that last year we spoke about very negative market. This previous government had withdrawn funding for oral care and that sucked out a lot of sales from the market. This government has reinstituted the support for oral care and providing excess to oral care general, to the underserved, and the mood in the Australian Dental market is exceptional. I just came back from the international sales meeting and the mood amongst our sales people, amongst our suppliers is excellent. Again, I think we are well-positioned to provide solutions. We have an outstanding consultative salesforce down there. We are the leader in software, and our well-positioned in CAD/CAM and had a number of very exciting products and exclusives that we offer them. So, I would have to say that if I think through and look around the world that is a very good market outside of Untied States and Canada.
Stanley Bergman: I want to be careful not to turn these things, but very good question, and if I were you, I'd be asking or trying to figure this out as well. But I want to be careful not to make this a negative comment. So, let me just begin with, I think you've seen in the Dental market in the past, that's one manufacturer to deciding to limit distribution, to one distributor or two. And I think you've seen our track record and our ability to respond in a professional way and in fact gain market share. I think you could see similar trends in the Animal Health space around pet food, nutritional food and I think you've seen that, we've also done okay in that regard. We've also done very well in explaining to manufacturers that broad distribution is in the interest of the customer as was the case when we made our investment in Butler Schein at the time, now Henry Schein Animal Health. With that time, Henry Schein was representing five or six manufacturers and Butler at that time was representing one because of market, the market issues, the manufacturers wouldn't allow us to, one manufacturer wouldn't allow us to carry the competitors line or all of the stuff in the end when you open up the market is better for consumer and what's better for the consumer is better for Henry Schein. So, if you look at all that history, you will see that anytime there's been a strength, generally it's inhibited the market. Any time it has opened up, it is much better for a market, any time you have competition, it's better, I'm a big fan of the free markets and this restriction business in the end doesn't pay off, I think Henry Schein has a long tradition – there are examples where it works better because you may need more resources in one way or other to advance the product. But I think Henry Schein's history as a outstanding value added distributor has shown that we've always been able to find the right balance of products with. There were restrictions on limiting us to sell dental chairs or there were restrictions at one point to limit us from selling anesthetic, because the leading anesthetic company at the time, with 70% or 80% market share decided to go direct. In the end we are the largest provider of anesthetic in the world today, with sensors at one point or another. We were restricted us from the leading brand. Today we are the largest provider in sensors. The largest provider of dental chairs. The largest provider of 3D X-ray and all of these things, they're in the end are not good for the customer. So, I would say they are always exceptions and I am quite sure that our track record if examined carefully, - Steven would be happy to take you through specifics. I don't this is the time today to name particular companies. But this is all public information and you could see that generally Henry Schein has done, okay. And these thing are sometimes a waste of time but at the end invariably Henry Schein turns out to be a better company.
Stanley Bergman: That's a good question. Look, digital dentistry, digital prosthetic dentistry is much more than chair side, right. I think chair side gets a lot of attention because some owners of public company and Patterson and Schein are public company. But there's lot more to this. The whole digital prosthetic arena, many of the companies in that space and I forgot to mention, Dentsply and to some extent 3M as well. But for Dentsply and 3M, and particularly 3M, it is not – doesn't come out in the numbers. So, Wall Street is focused truly I think on the public sector and there's much more behind this, as the whole area of prosthetics is largely, to a very large extent in the hands of small private companies, and some actually larger companies but in the private sector. So, the area of prosthetics and if you go even further, you'll see that you have the implants. And some of those companies do have, the public companies do have an element of digital prosthetics as well. So, we have to understand this market in a very broad sense and where it's headed. As far as the chair side, I think Europe of course is little bit more advanced because CEREC was introduced in Europe over a quarter century ago, and particularly in Germany. So, the goal is of course to find new customers. And then each new customer presents an opportunity for the digital materials et cetera, et cetera. So, Europe is more advanced than the U.S. it's relatively new in the U.S. I would say primarily because it is only offered through one distributor. Now the market is being serviced by us as well. So, now you have about two-thirds of the dental distributors with digital solutions. There's another, one or two other solutions that are offered by some of our smaller competitors, but the whole awareness of digital dentistry prosthetics is going. So, I speak to you as the pick-up in this regard off, I think a smaller base per capita, per dentist than Europe. So, I think the opportunities are good in both sides, on both sides of the Atlantic and also in other markets, Australia as well. I don't want to comment on Japan because we're not in that market yet, so, but I believe that so, the whole area of digital materials is getting very, very exciting. And there are a lot of players that will enter this market and I think you'll see all sorts of exciting tools coming from different players and through Henry Schein. And I am not only, again, referring to the chair side but the whole laboratory side as well where there is a lot of activity going on. Smaller companies, lot of innovations and the labs are automating in a rather rapid way. There are going to be fewer labs, bigger labs, more capital intensive and so this whole market is very, very exciting. But I caution, Wall Street not to view this through the lands of just a few companies but to take a look at the whole market and I think for all the dental players this is going to be exciting. I think, Danaher also just announced their entry into the space. So, this whole world is getting exciting and it's far more complex then just looking at through the lanes of one or two companies.
Stanley Bergman: Okay. So, thank you everybody for calling in. Appreciate your interest. I think we at Henry Schein are in three very, very exciting markets that are going through transformation, where they are ready to provide value added services, where they, - not only on technology offering but a whole host of value-added services. The dental market is exciting, going through transformation and we are very well-positioned, the largest provider of dental products and services in the world. Likewise on the Animal Health side, a lot of exciting developments there. I believe, strategically we're well placed. We've made some good decisions along the way and are well-positioned now to execute on those decisions. It's a global positioning. The largest distributor of Animal Health products, very, very exciting. And then the Medical business, we have been waiting for this transformation now for six, seven, eight years. We created a health care services group almost six years ago, they are doing well, they are doing well with these large accounts of the IDNs. Of course, this is all a trend and nothing materials is going to happen in one quarter or two but directionally Henry Schein is well placed. And I believe our strategies are good, the morale in the company is good and we're generating good cash flow as a company. And so, I thank you for your interest. And have a great rest of the summer. And we'll be back again in about 90 days. Thanks.
Steven Paladino: Hey Bob, let me just add one other things if I could please, so. We did talk a little bit about sales rebounding in Q2 and just to quote some numbers for you because we really didn't see it. If you look at the North American Dental consumable merchandise, Q1 was 0.8% growth and this is constant currency, local internal growth. But Q2 rebounded to 2.5% and similarly in Animal Health where constant currency growth in Q1 was slightly negative, it rebounded to 7.9% in Q2 of which 5.6% is the normalized number and even in medical it rebounded from 2% in Q1 to 3.9%. So, we really think that the overall market has normalized. We do think that sales growth trends as Stanley said, given the economy is continuing to improve. We're a bit optimistic that growth trends will continue but at a very gradual pace.
Steven Paladino: Sure. And I wouldn't really characterize it as margin pressure, but if you look at our report – I'm going to peel the onion, so starting with the reported. The reported operating margin was down 45 basis points year-over-year basis. The biggest contributor to that was acquisitions, which includes amortization and deal cost. So, if your pull-out the acquisitions as well by the way to inventory step up at the BioHorizons. If you pull all of that out, that was the biggest contributor and contributed almost half of that margin decline. The other components really are two things. One is, fastest growing businesses, the Animal Health business which was a fast growing also, is leaning as well as some other businesses leaning more towards corporate accounts. And as you know, they carry a little bit lower gross and operating margin. But still very nice profitability and returns on investment. That's a second contributor. And the third is really in our Dental equipment business. Dental equipment sales carry a little bit lower gross margin than our core dental business. We had very strong E4D/PlanScan sales growth. There was also some upgrades that occurred in that product category. But it's important to note, that even excluding the upgrades, PlanScan E4D was our fastest growing sub-category within Dental equipment. So, there's a lot of moving parts but overall it's really – I wouldn't characterize it as pressure, it is more as sales mix within business units.
Steven Paladino: No, there's a lot of moving parts but those are the only real significant ones, the rest were really smaller movements within our organic margin. So, the big ones were the two I just called out, yes.
Steven Paladino: Sure. I'll give you some detail, the North American equipment growth, the total growth was 10.8%. Again it was across the board in both traditional and high-tech equipments, specifically traditional equipment was about 6.8% growth and high-tech was little over 17% growth. And within high-tech again, our PlanScan E4D product was the fastest growing category of all equipment traditional or otherwise. So, we're very happy with the performance there. I'll also say that equipment, the backlog continues to be strong. So, we have that strong equipment growth but we continue to have a good backlog at the end of the quarter both domestically and internationally. With related to, I don't know the particulars on the Aspen roll-out, to be honest with you. But I would say that that was not a major driver in our overall sales growth but I don't really know the particulars on that.
Steven Paladino: So, again, I don't want to give specifics but I do think that the potential for our sales growth to accelerate on the merchandise, we feel like there is potential for that to occur. If you look it within the quarter, both May and June were stronger than April, so, it did accelerate within the quarter. July was also a good month for consumable merchandise, for us now one month does not make a quarter, so don't be too much into that. But it's still good directionally. So we do feel like there is potential for some slight acceleration going forward. But again Jeff, since we don't give specifics, I'd rather not be specific on that.
Steven Paladino: Okay. So, we do feel like if we look forward on operating cash flow, it should grow at similar rates as our bottom line net income growth. So, we do believe that that is very achievable growth for us. Remember, there's a little bit of a more difficult comparison both in Q1 and Q2 because last year on cash flow we got the reversal of the medical device excise tax, the buy-in that we did in the prior year. So, it's a little bit of a more difficult comparable related to that. And I'm just trying to remember, your second question on CapEx, yeah, this year the CapEx is a little bit higher than normal. We'll probably be something just north of $60 million of CapEx, maybe in the mid 60 something like that. So it is a little bit higher than typical this year because of some investments. But we do feel good about organic cash flow overall.
Steven Paladino: The answer is generally yes. This quarter though because of again Camlog is probably the biggest of our specialty group and because of one less selling day in Germany and that's the strongest market, you have to adjust for that. And if you adjust for that, the specialty numbers are growing at a faster rate than the basic dental consumable numbers. Again but you have to adjust for Germany because of that one less selling day.
