Steven Paladino: Yes, it is mix related, and I think a big component of it is related to Butler Schein because the Butler Schein gross margin is lower than our corporate average, and that has a slightly negative impact to our year-over-year comparison. But really, nothing -- we're not seeing any unusual pricing pressures in any of our markets. So it's really all mix related, again, primarily because of Butler Schein.
Steven Paladino: On a bottom line perspective, foreign exchange also had a favorable impact. It was somewhere, approximating $0.02 per share benefit for us this year in the first quarter versus last year's first quarter.
Steven Paladino: Yes, I think that right now -- obviously, we're comfortable where they are now, which is in the one -- the dollar to euro is about $1.30 and a little bit, so we're comfortable with that with our guidance. And we're not expecting any major movements, although that something that's obviously impossible to predict.
Steven Paladino: No. Bob, this is Steve. The integration expenses are not more than we expected, but we really have a significant amount of integration work that we're expecting to complete in Q2, as well as some additional amount in Q3. And because of that, when we paid our guidance on the overall Butler Schein transaction, we did say that it would be $0.01 to $0.03 worth of dilution for the year because of integration expenses. So the integration expenses are driving the first year dilution. Otherwise, it would be breakeven. So it's really not a change in the plan. It's just that there's a fair amount that's happening in Q2, and we're also expecting a little bit of headwind related to on the Medical side because of less traffic in the physician offices versus last year because of H1N1-related patient traffic. That was also something that when we gave our initial guidance, we were expecting -- so neither of these are new thoughts. It's just that it's the timing of them really both heading on at same time that we thought we call it out this year, for this quarter.
Steven Paladino: Yes, we still feel good about -- and that's all, excluding the restructuring costs. We still feel good about expanding the margins in that range for the full year. We're up 22 basis points in Q1. So we're still comfortable that margin expansion in that 25 to 50 basis points for the year is doable for us. So there's really no change in that either.
Steven Paladino: Yes. And overall, again, since we're raising the bottom end of the guidance, we still feel more bullish today than we did last quarter because of that.
Steven Paladino: Well, yes, you probably are missing seasonality because as we go into this time of the year as well as the summer months, we do see a spike in sales primarily related to flea and tick-type products, so there was seasonality that starts to accelerate for that business. But overall, again, as Stanley mentioned on his remarks, we feel good about the sales force retention. We've only lost three people. That's out of about 300 people. I think it's quite amazing actually that it was so successfully implemented. We certainly think that the time when people are concerned was really over the last few months. And as time continues to pass, people should feel more comfortable about their territories and the business. And actually, what I've heard from the Butler Schein management team is sales force is feeling very excited about being part of the largest Companion Animal Veterinary business in the U.S. So, so far, things are looking pretty good on that front.
Steven Paladino: Well, I'm not sure I would highlight particular products, but we did see continued strong growth on the traditional side in Europe, traditional equipment, as well as what Stanley said in the U.S., which just as an aside, in the U.S., the traditional equipment, this is the first time in quite some time we've seen growth there. So we're pleased with that. We don't think this is an aberration. We do think that we are gaining market share, and that we'll continue to gain market share on equipment, as well as on the consumable side, internationally. So I'm not sure if the specifics that I would call out, but I know it was led by our traditional equipment.
Steven Paladino: Yes. I guess, the positive is that in the Eastern European countries, we really have a very small presence today. So it really doesn't -- what's going on in their economies really does not have really any impact to us. Specifically, a lot of people are concerned about Greece. We don't have any operations in Greece. So there's no impact to us, what's going on in that market. The bulk of our market -- I would say the big three countries for Europe for us are Germany, France and the U.K. We are seeing a little bit of weakness in Spain and Italy. But Spain is a small market for us. In Italy, our strategy really is to become the first national full-service dental distributor. So that's starting to pay dividends for us also. So I think we're positioned pretty well in the European markets.
Steven Paladino: Well, yes, our guidance does assume 12 million to 14 million doses of flu vaccine for this season. Certainly, like every year, if there's opportunities from our customer-demand perspective, I believe that there will be opportunities to buy in the spot market. So that's certainly an opportunity. And given that the H1N1 strain will be part of the seasonal flu vaccine, at least we believe that should make demand very strong this year. So yes, I think right now we're, again, cautiously optimistic about flu season.
Steven Paladino: Well, I would say, I mean in a while, it did perform well. It was in line with our expectations, probably performed better than our expectations, but not -- we were expecting strong equipment results in Europe, and that did occur. So I wouldn't say that there's any huge improvement over our expectations. Now we've been doing well on equipment for some time now. I think if you look at our Dental and our International internal growth for the last several quarters or longer, we've been growing at similar internal growth rates. So I think this is just more a continued performance from recent history rather than some unusually very positive performance.
Steven Paladino: Yes, let me just add also. Clearly, the market is not growing as rapidly in Europe. So clearly, we are gaining market share. The market may be growing somewhere half or so of what we put up in Dental overall sales growth merchandise and equipment. So we're certainly taking market share.
Steven Paladino: Yes, it's still very much our goal, and we still feel confident that we will achieve that. That 4% though, because of seasonality in quarters, is lower than what we'll expect to do for the full year of 2010.
Steven Paladino: Well, I'll give you some estimates, A.J., but this is difficult to track very precisely. But last year, we called out that we thought that last year's sales growth was positively impacted by somewhere in the 2% to 3% range. And this year, I don't think it's continuing at the same rate. So maybe there's a 1% to 2% or so negative impact in Medical sales because of less H1N1-related traffic. But that's very subjective and estimated numbers. I don't think it's materially off that, but it's hard really to track it perfectly and precisely.
Steven Paladino: There was, and I don't have the exact number handy. There was, but the more significant integration costs are coming in Q2 and Q3 than what we saw in Q1.
Steven Paladino: Yes, you're completely right, Bob. It is primarily those two reasons, some integration expenses but really seasonality of the business, which profitability and sales improved after Q1. And yes, we do expect that minority interest line to grow because of the increased profitability of Butler Schein going forward.
Steven Paladino: I hate to be so granular on specific lines. I don't think it will be flat, but I don't think it's going to have a big movement there.
Steven Paladino: Well, we have two opportunities. We're still evaluating. We have about principal repayment on one of our term loans of about $20 million that's coming up later this year. Our convertible debt of about $240 million. Also there's a simultaneous put and call in the August timeframe, and we're evaluating what we want to do with that. So I think there are some opportunities, but we haven't made any decisions on that at this time.
Steven Paladino: Yes, because the bulk -- yes, the interest expense is -- right now, the main debt is the convert of $240 million and the $300-and-some-odd millions, $320 million related to the Butler Schein acquisition. That's the bulk of the debt on the balance sheet.
Steven Paladino: Yes, that's what we did say at Q4, but we're really not expecting any future restructuring costs beyond Q1. We were able to accomplish, that's why it was at the high end of our range, pretty much all of the restructuring efforts in Q1. So really going forward, we're not looking at any further amounts for restructuring.
Steven Paladino: Well, admittedly, we said and this is -- it really isn't most of it. It's just that compared to the size of the International business, which is a third of the business, it did have a higher percentage of overall restructuring costs. But it isn't that the bulk of it all is in International. We also did some restructuring in our U.S. business. In total, there was about 180 positions that were eliminated. And again, we feel like we've done what we needed to do, and we don't see any need for future restructuring for the balance of the year.
Steven Paladino: Well, we typically try to have very realistic guidance. This is no different than any other time we give guidance. We felt that Q1 was a very good start of the year for us. We do believe that the markets will continue to show gradual improvement going forward. We're probably being conservative to realistic on what that improvement will be because it's really hard to precisely estimate that. So again, overall, we feel good about achieving guidance, that's why we're increasing the range or increasing the lower end of the range. But it's still early in the year.
Stanley Bergman: Derek, of course, no one can predict the future here, but we get a sense that the market has stabilized. Dentists who were looking at equipment before September of 2008 and stopped looking are back in the market looking. And it just looks the Traditional Equipment side is feeling better and people are finding ways to finance their equipment, not as readily as before. But it seems like there's more balance in the market. So the Basic Equipment business is looking quite good. We also see advanced demand for digital type of X-ray products, the CAD/CAM area. We're seeing also the book of business -- the order book looking much better than it's looked in perhaps five or six quarters. So it's hard to predict the future, of course, but it's feeling much better than it did a quarter ago.
Stanley Bergman: I think so. I mean, I think this is really the first time in more than a year or so that we're feeling some bounce back on the Traditional Equipment side. We reported lots of interest in the high-tech side now for a while, but it's the Traditional side that is giving us the most encouragement at this point.
Stanley Bergman: First of all, what I was referring to is the International Animal Health operating margin is lower than the traditional International Dental operating margin, and that's because of the mix of higher percentage of lower-margin pharmaceuticals. Having said that, we are optimistic that we will continue to increase the operating margin of our entire International group, Dental, Animal Health and, of course, smaller Medical business. So we remain optimistic that we will continue to do that. That will be driven by, of course, the Pan-European rollout on SAP. We already have SAP in Germany, Australia, Italy and have been in lots of countries, and now we'll implement that in France, Spain and Switzerland over the next year or so. Lots of redundancies in the back office area are being eliminated. Of course, the additional acquisitions are adding more volumes to come through our relatively fixed-cost infrastructure, and the organic growth that we see in Europe will also help in the end, increase our operating margins. So we're quite optimistic about increasing our International operating margin. Now as it relates to the synergies between our European Animal Health business and Butler Schein Animal Health, yes, of course. We expect to see synergies on best practices, on procurement of some of the commodity-type products and, generally, having been in a position to provide better services to our major pharmaceutical suppliers. And with a global vision, we think we'll bring more value there as well. So overall, we're optimistic that the combined Animal Health businesses, the Butler Schein part in the United States and the International Pan-European part in Europe, will help each other to create synergies over the next year or two or three.
Stanley Bergman: Larry, obviously, it's very early in the year. But I think you can tell from Steven's remarks and mine and the tone that we're quite pleased with the progress on the integration of Butler Schein Animal Health. We are very happy with the supplier relationships, with the sales force retention. The integration is going very well. On the specifics in the field, all territories have been realigned and assigned. That was done the day we opened business on January 4. And overall, we're happy. The management team is a very good management team, actually. Kevin Vasquez is a great leader. The first national sales meeting of the combined organization is very successful. I think people are really charged, excited. And the team, overall, at head office in Dublin and also in the field is working very, very well and cohesively. So we don't want to up our expectations at this point because we still have to do some of the work. We expect the integration to be fully completed operationally by the end of the third quarter, and that's quite ambitious for any distribution integration, but I'm confident that Kevin and his team will deliver on that. So I think, at this point, everything is looking good. We're excited. And we're, of course, cautiously optimistic that over time we will beat the expectations we had going into this deal. But at this point in time, we want to stick with the plans that were set by the partners at the time we went into this deal.
Stanley Bergman: I think also a little bit at the margin. Last year, the IDS meeting was in Germany. And in April, there is no IDS meeting. So last year, some sales were pushed from the first quarter on equipment into the second quarter. There may be a small amount of that this year, so some sales patched from the second winter into the first, but not material in the context of our International business nor material in the context of Henry Schein.
Stanley Bergman: I think, of course, we had a very good quarter, but not materially different to our overall budgets for our International business. Maybe one group was a little bit better than the other, but overall, our International group was in line with our expectations, tad better but not materially better.
Stanley Bergman: A.J., our acquisition pipeline remains as full as it's ever been. No assurances that we can close on any deal in any particular quarter because deals have a life cycle into their own. However, our goal is to continue to grow the business through internal growth and acquisition growth in all three of our major areas: Dental, Medical, Animal Health and, of course, the related software areas both in the United States and abroad. The Butler Schein Animal Health transaction engrossed the Butler Schein management team, and they are doing very, very well, and it's not really using much of the management team elsewhere in the company. So we feel that we have capacity to undertake further integrations as the year goes by.
Stanley Bergman: Thank you, Steven. Thank you, everyone. And thank you, all, for joining us today and for your interest, of course, in Henry Schein. As you can tell from the remarks we made, we remain rather bullish about the business. The business as a whole in the hands of, we believe, a very good management. Each one of our groups, each one of them have specific goals that they're working towards, and we feel comfortable that the plans that we made for this year will be implemented in accordance with our expectations. And so if you have any specific questions, please feel free to contact Steve Paladino at (631) 843-5500 or Susan Vassallo, who heads our Communications, at (631) 843-5562, and we look forward to having another call in 90 days or so. We'll be at several conferences in the next quarter, and we'd be happy to meet with you and discuss Henry Schein in more depth at that time. Thank you very much.
