Stanley M. Bergman: Thank you, Carolynne. Good morning, everyone, and thank you for joining us. Our first quarter financial results were solid with a quite strong internal growth in local currencies as we continue to gain market share in each of our four business groups. As detailed in the news release we issued this morning, the strength of the U.S. dollar impacted all of our international operations, and in particular those in Europe. Changes in currency exchange rates reduced our consolidated sales growth by 6% and reduced diluted EPS by $0.06 compared to last year. Steven will speak about this in greater detail during the call. Yet, looking beyond currency exchange factors, the global market we serve, we believe, continues to be healthy this quarter, and we saw that the previous quarter. And despite some challenges in our International Dental business – and this is quite selective, it's not a general issue, our bottom line results also were solid despite the impact of the strengthened U.S. dollar. And we were pleased today – we're again pleased today to be reaffirming our guidance range for the 2015 diluted EPS. So, in a moment, I'll provide some additional commentary on our recent financial performance and business accomplishments. But first, Steven, can you review the quarterly financial results? Thank you.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. Jeff, it didn't come as a surprise. We're aware of it, and we, at this point, don't think we should comment on the financial aspects of the transaction, but we're aware of it. Obviously, our business, I think you know, is companion animal center focused primarily. In the U.S., it's really a companion animal business and an equine business. Australia, New Zealand, it was split, both businesses, both – sorry, both sectors, companion animal and the large animal. And generally in Europe, it's primarily a companion animal with some large animal. But essentially our business is slightly different to the business that Patterson acquired today.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I think we may have discussed this on previous calls, but to refresh those callers who have not really participated in our previous calls, about a half a dozen years ago or so, we commissioned two studies, two strategic reviews. One, to take a look at the specialties that would be important for our business, those specialties likely to grow and would fit in well with our model. And at the same time, also conducted a study on the organizational methodology that will be used for delivering healthcare. And so out of those studies, we decided to focus on certain sectors in the medical arena and also formed our healthcare services group, which was focused on IDNs, large group practices and these multiple locations under common management type entities. And I think our work has been recognized. I think it's clear in the marketplace that we are delivering well on our commitments with regard to these newer kinds of entities. And so we are picking up business and have been picking up business, but now actually fulfilling the orders. From the time we pick up a large account to the time we actually fulfill the orders, it could be as much as a year or so. So we have been speaking for a while about us doing well with these larger accounts, the IDNs, the – as I mentioned, these different kinds of practices, and I think this is where the underlying growth is coming from, as well as a focus on certain specialties.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. First of all, Henry Schein's philosophy has been one of being committed to national branded manufacturers. So essentially – I don't know the number today, Steven may have it – but well over 90% of our business is in branded products. Generally, we will come out with a private brand when the product is commoditized. Rarely are we the first to come out with a private brand; we'd rather work with the branded manufacturer. But I would say some of these group practices on the commodity-type sales, the less technique-sensitive type products in Dental are looking at the private brand. But I think our percentage of private brand sales in Dental has been quite static for a long time. The Medical side – there was a greater movement specifically on the commodity, the infection control type products, to the private brand. In this case, I think we're also a bit of a follower in the marketplace. We generally work with the branded manufacturers until there is no option. And on the Animal Health side, there's some advancement in the area of generic drugs. But again, we tend to have very close relationships with the branded pharmaceutical companies, and the areas we're making progress are on surgical-type products, instruments, et cetera. At the same time, I think you know that we do have a number of exclusive products, whether it's the Colgate relationship in the U.S. and a few other countries, and these products are driving our – these relationships are driving our sales quite nicely, although we work with all the branded manufacturers generally in every market.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I mean, short of being precise, which we try not to do, our pipeline remains quite constant. Mark and his business development team have much more in their pipeline than they could possibly execute on, not because of capital needs, but purely because of integration challenges. Always – it doesn't matter, you can buy the most perfect company, great management, great systems, great outlook, there's still work in integrating. And I think that's what we've done so well over the last couple of decades. So we have a robust pipeline. We generally do not participate in books that are put out by banks. We have, we've bought companies, but generally the deals we do are where there's a personal relationship, where things have been worked out well in advance because a family would like us to buy out a percentage of the business, they want to keep one family member engaged, they want to keep some management engaged, they want to remain in the community. These kinds of deals are the kinds of deals we're the most comfortable with. We have no shortage. I think the pricing on some of these book deals that have been put out have been very, very high and there's no need to participate in that sector. We have, and when prices become very high, I think you'll see Henry Schein not participate. Having said that, when we do participate, generally, I think the community knows that we close on the deal. So I don't know if I can be any clearer than that. Steven, I'm not sure if you can be any clearer or say anything more.
Stanley M. Bergman: I can add a little bit more to that. We are, Robbie, believe that our – we've had solid year-over-year sales growth in CAMLOG and BioHorizons. And we really believe that we have two very good platforms that will continue to grow, specifically in the markets that they each are strong in, and will expand beyond that. And we believe that generally the implant market around the world, both in the premium and the value segment, will do okay. And so, we have two good properties which are now working well together under one common management structure will, over time, help us grow our business within the sector and the sector in itself is doing well.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. We did have a tough winter the previous year and this year wasn't perfect. But I think the comps were a little bit weaker. And so I think there is some of that that can be brought to bear when you look at our growth for the quarter. Having said that, we do believe that in each one of our businesses we have great momentum on so many fronts and remain quite confident. Of course, there's no guarantees that we'll be able to continue with this momentum, not only in North America, by the way, but around the world. So, yeah, I think there's something in the fact that the comps were a little bit easier, but overall, I think in North America the markets are getting stronger and we are in a position to pick up a little bit of market share as well. So you add those two things together and we believe the momentum for the next quarters out looks pretty good.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. So, Lisa, first of all, we would not view their products, at least in the Schein context, as a private brand. It is a brand, and we're bringing in an extensive offering, thousands of products. I'd be happy to give you the exact number; I don't have it in front of me. But I know it's thousands – or Steven can give you the exact number. So we will be promoting their brand, of course, not only in the medical arena, but also in the dental and the vet space. And we will be doing some purchasing from them on the generic drug side, on the generic pharma side. So I think there's going to be quite a bit of opportunity for them to grow in sales to us and us to gain synergies on the purchasing side. The physician space, it's hard to get specific utilization data, because it's not really broken out and where does the hospital begin and where does it end and where does the ASC begin and end. But generally, we believe we are well positioned to gain business in the alternate care sector, the physician space, the smaller ambulatory care space and even the larger ambulatory care space, and also areas such as the retail clinics and community centers, et cetera. So they, of course, will help us with the IDNs. They have many IDNs that they are either exclusive or relatively exclusive and I think they will bring us in over time. Having said that, we have a number of IDNs that we are active in unrelated to Cardinal. So I think our view that the physician space, the alternate space presents runway for us is reaffirmed as we get more and more into our relationship with Cardinal. And at the same time, we are really excited about the entry they give us into IDNs that probably had never heard of us or, if they had heard of us, didn't understand our capabilities. What I can tell you is the enthusiasm at our national sales meeting of the combined sales force was something I'd not seen at Schein in a while. The Cardinal representatives, of course, love the company, but the company was really more focused on the acute care side, and we are focused on the physician side, and we have tools that they didn't have available to them. So, generally, I think this has been an outstanding start. We actually go live this week actually and hope to have the integration completed this quarter. So we're very excited about the momentum, and I think the customer base is as well and obviously the salespeople.
Stanley M. Bergman: There are opportunities for us in that space. The specialty products to be purchased, we were at one time looking at the software side. Prices went so high in the electronic medical record arena that we decided not to continue. We do own a company in that space. We have relationship with Athena that is working actually very well. But there of course are opportunities on the specialty side. I'm not saying specialty pharma, because we exited that space. But in product categories that focus on specialists, lots of opportunities, actually some very high margin opportunities. And, yes, there's some space – opportunities with some small distributors, but the opportunity rests largely I think in higher-margin type products.
Stanley M. Bergman: Yeah. I can't give you direct information on the correlation between enrollment and our sales, but it is clear that what healthcare reform is all about is prevention and wellness. Middle class and above have access to primary care physicians, very poor had it through the – primary care physicians through general insurance and through Medicare, and the elderly of course, and then the very poor had access to primary care physicians through Medicaid. But there's a whole group of people in the middle that didn't have access to a primary care physician. If these people were sick, they would go to the emergency room, but there was no real preventative programs for these people. Healthcare reform is about providing primary care. Of course, the debate is who's going to pay for it. Is it the taxpayer, is it the government, is it reducing costs at certain areas, et cetera? But that's not as important to us as more primary care will be practiced in this country, in the United States, and so that is good for our business and we can see that the primary care side is gearing up. Obviously, the cost per procedure, reimbursement per procedure, will go down because it's more about the outcomes as we move from sick-care to healthcare. And we believe that this presents a huge opportunity for our Medical business; this is why we're focused in this space. And we believe that some of those opportunities are already being harvested and we expect that to continue in the future as wellness, prevention becomes a bigger part of the whole healthcare focus. So I can't give you specifics, but I can tell you why we are so enthusiastic about our Medical group.
Stanley M. Bergman: I would have to say that there's probably deflation a little bit. Firstly, I think you've got bigger customers, so the pricing is going down. Remember, it's also easier for us to service these bigger customers. They are less expensive to service than the smaller ones. So I would think because the growing pie of these larger practices and these larger entities, there's price pressure – they can make a decision on moving to generic and then the branded manufacturers have to often meet the generic price. So to some extent, there is deflation, but I think our business growth is really a market share growth that's cushioning also some of this deflation.
Stanley M. Bergman: Okay. And/or Steven Paladino at extension 5915 at Henry Schein. So thank you and we look forward to speaking again in 90 days and/or seeing you at conferences. Thank you very much.
Steven Paladino: Well, I'm not sure there's a lot of detail. The three markets that caused the decline were Germany, Australia and the UK markets. Germany was just a little bit of sluggishness during the quarter. There was some product movements in Australia, the UK that maybe also contributed. I think that what we believe is that there's no trend here, that we're looking for a bit of a pickup in International Dental merchandise for the balance of the year. And I'd just like to be cautious for a bit of a pickup, so it'll be a modest improvement I think. But I think what we're really also happy with is the equipment side. Equipment despite an IDS year was very strong at a little over 5%, 5.4% growth. And while the typical markets, including Germany, is definitely impacted by the IDS market, we did see strong equipment growth in France, in the UK, in the Netherlands as well as Spain and Portugal. And at least the pipeline shows that it was a good IDS year and we should expect good growth of equipment across the board in International for Q2 and beyond. So, I don't think, Jeff, there's something that's a trend here. I just think sometimes you see a quarter that's particularly soft or strong and it's just kind of the ebbs and flows of the markets.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. No, I think you covered it well. Certainly, acquisitions will continue for us. We have completed acquisitions our whole history as a public company, for 20 years, and as Stanley said, the pipeline is very full. Without commenting on any specific ones, we also are disciplined in our approach because there is so many opportunities, so we don't want to pay multiples that we consider to be, even if it's a good company, not a good transaction if you pay too much for it. So we feel good about our acquisition strategy going forward.
Steven Paladino: Well, as everyone knows, it's a key metric for us that we look at internally, as well as report on externally to shareholders. We do believe that there's more opportunity for margin expansion. Certainly, the restructuring activities will help that and did help that a bit in Q1. And this was – if you look at operating expenses, operating expenses, when you back out again the acquisitions and the restructuring costs, drove most of it, operating expenses as a percentage of sales. So it's something we want to keep pushing on because it's very important to us. It's very important to our model. And we think there's lots of opportunity to continue to improve that. So, we're going to keep pushing for the balance of the year and thereafter to continue to get that margin expansion.
Steven Paladino: Well, maybe I'll start. So, we're still in the early stages of the procurement agreement with Cardinal Health. I think both organizations feel very good that there's a lot of opportunity. We do believe that there's a win-win, that we'll be able to buy product at lower cost than we could buy from third parties because of Cardinal's scale on certain products. But to quantify right now, we're still trading. We could not trade some detailed information before the deal close because of legal restrictions. So we're just starting that. We've bought a little bit of product so far from them. But best I could say is we're very optimistic that there are benefits there. And as the year progresses, hopefully we can give you a little bit more detail on that.
Steven Paladino: Sure. This quarter, if we look at dental equipment growth, it really was pretty much across the board our growth. We did not see a particular bump from any particular product category. I think part of that is, when we look at CAD/CAM, we had such a strong Q4. We're also up against, this quarter, a very difficult comp on CAD/CAM because of upgrades that happened last year. So really, it was across-the-board growth. It really wasn't any particular category that stood out. And we still feel very good about PlanScan E4D. And when you look at internationally, I would say the same is true. I think it was weighted a little bit more towards traditional equipment in the international markets rather than high-tech, which is a good sign for the overall market too, because if people are buying traditional equipment, they generally are feeling good about how their practice is doing going forward.
Steven Paladino: Sure. From a financial perspective, our dental specialty sales did grow faster than the overall consumable category. We feel like implants are growing nicely, the market, and we're taking market share there. As well as on the orthodontics side, I think we're taking some market share there also. So, the strategy is working. It is improving our overall consumable sales growth. I don't know if you have a specific comment that you're looking for, Robbie, on that, but that would be the overview comment.
Steven Paladino: Yes, so just to clear – it's a good question. We excluded all diagnostic category sales. So we excluded both the IDEXX in the prior year and the Abaxis and Heska in the current year to show, excluding IDEXX – excluding diagnostics, sorry, what the growth is.
Steven Paladino: Yeah. We will do that because I think it is a performance metric that's very meaningful to shareholders.
