Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is John Donahoe, our President and Chief Executive Officer. Our press release, investor presentation and broadcast of this call can be accessed at investors.servicenow.com. We may make forward-looking statements on this conference call such as those using the words may, will, expects, believes or similar phrases to convey that information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent Quarterly Report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such forward-looking statements. I would now like to turn the call over to John.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you, John. During today's call, we will review our second quarter financial results and discuss our financial guidance for Q3 and full-year 2017. We'd like to point out that the company reports non-GAAP results in addition to, and not as a substitute for, or superior to financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. All financial figures we will discuss today are non-GAAP except for revenues and revenue growth. To see the reconciliation between these non-GAAP and GAAP results, please refer to our press release filed earlier today and for prior quarters previously filed press releases, all of which are posted at investors.servicenow.com. Total revenues for the second quarter were $472 million, representing year-over-year growth of 38% and an adjusted growth of 40%, or an impact of $7 million. Total billings were $505 million, representing a year-over-year growth of 35% and adjusted growth of 38% or an impact of $12 million. Subscription gross margin was 85%. Professional services and other gross margin was 37%. And overall gross margin was 78%. Excluding Knowledge17 revenue, our professional services and other gross margin was 12% and overall gross margin was 78%. Operating margin was 14%. And free cash flow margin was 20%. We ended the quarter with $2 billion in cash, short-term and long-term investments. In May, we issued $782.5 million of 0% convertible senior notes due in 2022. The primary use of proceeds is to refinance our existing $575 million of 0% convertible notes due upon maturity in 2018. In conjunction with this offering, we purchased a bond hedge and sold warrants to eliminate shareholder dilution up to a $203 stock price. If the stock price increases above $203, the $203 warrant exercise price, only the incremental value above $203 will be dilutive as we plan to settle the principal in cash. Let's turn to guidance for the third quarter and full-year 2017. For the third quarter, we expect total revenues between $488 million and $493 million, representing 36% to 38% year-over-year growth and 36% to 37% adjusted growth or a $3 million impact. We expect total billings between $540 million and $545 million, representing 34% to 35% year-over-year growth, and 34% to 36% adjusted growth or a $3 million impact. We expect an operating margin of approximately 17% and diluted weighted average shares outstanding to be approximately 181 million. For full-year 2017, we expect total revenues between $1.091 billion and $1.911 billion representing 37% year-over-year growth and 37% to 38% adjusted growth, or a $2 million impact. We expect total billings between $2.271 billion and $2.281 billion representing 34% to 35% year-over-year growth and 35% adjusted growth, or an $8 million impact. We expect subscription gross margin of 84%, professional services and other gross margin of 15%. Total gross margin of 77%, operating margin of 16% and free cash flow margin of 25%. We expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding to be approximately 179 million for the year and now expect to add approximately 1,300 net employees in 2017. With that, operator, you can now open up the line for questions.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yeah, so, Rob, it's Mike here. So, if you recall when we laid out our model, that 4% is an average growth quarter-over-quarter, obviously it's not the reality of the world; this is not a spreadsheet that it continues to grow through 2020. We do see seasonality. You saw that last year. Typically the second half of the year is a much bigger upsell quarter. So we do expect that the second half of this year, and we see that already with the number of contracted upsells that have closed already, as well as what is sitting in our pipeline of opportunities that are heavily weighted towards upsell, so I feel very good about that number still. The other thing that weighs down upon that number when we came up with that 4% three years ago, that was based upon adding 20 Global 2000 per quarter; we continued to add well above that. And if you remember, our average Global 2000 we land typically is much lower than what people think. If you look at last quarter, it was $300,000, the quarter before it was $200,000 and that is very typical. And it's once we land them, then they continue to grow from there. So, we feel very good about what we're seeing there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No. I have actually already closed two Global 2000 this quarter in APAC that are greater than the average of our Global 2000 today.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And then, Kirk, on your question with regards to billings, the uptick in our billings guidance for the full year is really a result of the overachievement in our net new ACV in the quarter coupled with the opportunity we see on the subscription side. FX also impacted that very positively. You see where the euro is at relative to where it was when we gave guidance last quarter, but on top of that there is a negative headwind that we did take down our professional services slightly by about $6 million in revenue which directly flows through the billings. And that's really more because as we've talked about quite some bit for the last couple years, we're really shifting more of our professional services, the implementation work to our GSIs and partners, because we really want to focus more on the high-level solution architect, the deployment of our new products and training.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, I'll just add, remember, we deal with very large enterprise customers and feedback on new releases, generally when they adopt a new release, they put it into a test environment to make sure they test out everything before they go live. So it generally takes a number of months after the release before we get real feedback. I will say just internally software asset management is the one that interests me. We adopted that within the first couple of weeks of doing it, we had a software audit that came in and saved – we're a small company, $150,000. So, I was pretty pleased with that, because we weren't using it, I don't think we would have saved that at all. We are already seeing in software asset management, we've seen a $500,000 deal for that. So, I'm pretty excited about that and I'm excited about what we've done with both the Security Ops with the Trusted Circles, as well as the BrightPoint acquisition is now native, and we talked about that at our users conference. But also what we're seeing in HR and improvements we've done there, and the fact that in our CSM product, we now have communities inside there built into that. So, a lot of excitement across the board with our entire portfolio.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So we continue to see strength in all of our emerging products. As John called out, HR was a very, very strong quarter for us and I would say second followed Customer Service. ITOM was a very big quarter, I know you're not calling out that, we are very pleased with that we saw in ITOM. And then I would say third was customer or Security Ops was third. We continue to see a lot of excitement and pipeline built within the Security Ops product, but HR and CSM are driving bigger deals for us. In terms of software asset management that will be disclosed as one of our emerging products, that other (34:59) going forward. And the pricing on that is really based upon the number of servers that you have out there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And Raimo, that ties in partly to the answer to your question. So the first thing in Q2, we did have overachievement on the operating margin, that was partially due to timing of expenses, but namely some of the linearity within the hiring; there were also some expenses that got pushed out into Q2. But what we did make a decision and this is part of the thing what John just talked about is we are going to try to elevate our brand awareness at a company level, as well as at a certain product level with some of our emerging products, because we see the opportunity. And that's reflected in our operating margin, which is still within the guidance that we gave for the beginning of the year. We're still confirming 16% operating margin for the full year and on top of that, we're adding more employees too as we're seeing the opportunity to invest more heavily both in our sales organization and sales and marketing to go after these opportunities that we're seeing.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So actually Sarah, I'm going to jump in right now kind of the Global 2000. Yes, we had very good strength across the Global 2000, 29. We continue to see in our pipeline a large pipeline of new opportunities, but in the past quarter, Asia-Pac was a little light on landing new Global 2000; however, as I did just mention, we did have two that closed already quarter-to-date this quarter. So you do see variability. I can't stress enough, these Global 2000 sales are extremely long sales cycles. We see that globally; that's not unique to any one region. As an example, we landed two Global 2000s this past quarter that were as new customers, that were five-plus-years sales cycles. We up-sold another Global 2000 where we finally got the mothership that they are committed to land, once again that was a four-plus-year upsell, they were a very small customer, and are now continuing to grow. So, I'm not concerned about the strength in Global 2000 adds in any one geo in any particular quarter, looking at it more on an annual basis. And we do see very good distribution both historically and what's in our pipeline going forward.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And then on the second part of your question, Sarah, on ASC 606. I did spend quite a bit of time at our Financial Analyst Day going over ASC 606 in May; was not planning on giving any update right now. We continue to move through with the adoption of that and in October call, I'll update people on the impact of that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So, believe it or not, Q1 is generally one of the strongest quarters. And if you do look on our investor deck we just posted that we did go over with you guys at our Financial Analyst Day page 20, Q1 is so high because of the amount of contracts that we have that start on December 31 through January 1 of the cash flows through in Q1 when you do that billing. Yes, Q4 is a strong quarter. Q3 has a negative impact of the employee stock purchase plan because we used a fair bit of cash that we've collected in the previous six months that goes out. That's probably the biggest impact and as a reminder we did tell people for the full year, if we're in high growth, we're going to add 0% to 1% in free cash flow margin and we're continuing to deliver above that this year.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I would echo what John said, and I would also say is that, obviously, what we've been doing has been working, as you see the expansion outside of ITSM in our emerging products. Obviously we continue to look at this; there may be more vertical focus later on down the path, but we don't expect any changes in 2017.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So we had very good performance of the commercial team, the commercial team I think hit 106% of their number. We had a very good quarter as I mentioned, the overachievement in our net new ACV is kind of what's driving billing. So we're very pleased with what we're seeing across the board with both enterprise and commercial. On your comment on average contract term, not that much to read into that, other than it was a very strong Global 2000 quarter with 29 that we added, the G2Ks tend to like longer-term contracts to lock in pricing for a period of time. As a reminder we do try to incent our sales force to sell a three-year contract. We've had quarters that have kind of been in that 33% before; I don't find it that unusual, the 33.9%.
Michael P. Scarpelli: We saw strength across the board financials, we saw it in the healthcare, we did some very nice government deals this past quarter. So no one industry to call out, I would say it was strength across all.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thanks, Kash. So first of all, those percentages are of ACV, we're actually not telling you with the actual ACV is and what I will add is of the 29 Global 2000, 28 of them were ITSM. I can't stress enough, ITSM is what lands us in the door. And once we get into ITSM, then we're able to upsell. And we are continuing to see strength in ITSM. If you look at our Jakarta release, we are very focused on a lot of the enhancements we are doing within ITSM, but I don't disagree with you on value. The IT is a very different value than HR and Customer Service and we are seeing we can extract more value on the HR and Customer Service. But if you don't have ITSM, you don't have that opportunity. So we do see a very good pipeline of opportunity in the second half of the year across the board. I do expect the emerging products – as you'd expect, we're investing heavily in these – will continue to grow at a bigger pace than the ITSM, but we are seeing growth in ITSM. And ITSM is the bulk of our revenue today, and will be the bulk of our revenue for quite some time.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I'll also add, Jesse, we did make four investments last quarter in ISVs that are building their businesses on ServiceNow's platform. The other thing on your other question on sales cycles, we continue to see really no change in the ITSM sales cycle; remember that's a replacement cycle. I talked about earlier how long it is in the Global 2000, it's still nine-plus-month on average initial sales cycle. We are seeing some shorter sales cycles in some of the emerging products, in particular HR and Customer Service, don't know if that's a trend that will be going forward, but we do see in some of the newer products shorter sales cycles and there are some shorter sales cycles on upsells and we are very much focused too on having contractual upsells with customers right now as well.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The net expense is somewhere in these $15 million to $17 million. I don't remember exactly the amount going through there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So sorry for those who weren't able to ask a question, unfortunately we're at the top of the hour. So, as a reminder, a replay of this call will be available as a webcast in the Investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
John J. Donahoe: Sure, Matt. Well, obviously Customer Service Management is a huge market and the area where our product has a real sweet spot is in situations where a customer is dealing with a large volume of inbound contacts and/or that they've got to deal with root causes to reduce the human interaction. So the kind of situations we're strong at is when you take those high inbound volumes, much like you get inbound incidents to an IT helpdesk or a HR case management. You've got high inbound volume and you want to automate how you respond, creating as much self-help as possible and the way you do that is to get to what the root cause of the inbound incidents are. And so our product is very well suited to that to help identify what the root cause is, so that you can then remediate without a lot of expensive human interaction. And so that's the kind of use case where our product plays well. And it's turning out to be an entrée point in the commercial market and many customers and in this case, in the enterprise market. And then, as you know, once we've sort of landed an account, the opportunity to expand laterally into our other products is much easier. So it's, in many ways, using the same functionality we have in our other products applied to a CSM use case.
John J. Donahoe: What's interesting is what we hear from both existing customers and new customers are that there is a huge amount of new technologies out there, and they're having trouble keeping up; what are the ones they need to pay attention to, what are the ones they need to be building themselves. And what we're saying is that there is certain functionality that we will take responsibility for accessing and acquiring and make it easier for them to use. So, machine learning, we started with DxContinuum, where we bought DxContinuum and we're integrating machine learning into our platform, so that all products and all customers can access it, and therefore the customer only has to worry about using their data, they don't have to worry about acquiring their own machine-learning capability. Virtual agent technology, which is the way to obviously automate and streamline a response whether it's an IT response, an HR response or CSM response, is another technology, and by buying Qlue, we'll sort of repeat that same formula of re-platforming it into our platform, recoding it into our platform, and making it available to them. So, they don't have to buy their own chatbot capability or other virtual agent capability. And we'll continue to do that. We're looking at a number of other technologies, all of which I characterize as being complementary to the core thing we do, which is helping them automate their workflows, improve the ability to have self-help and provide better experiences for their employees and customers.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Keith, I think – I don't know if you'd characterize this as go-to-market, but we are increasing our focus on the full customer lifecycle, right. We have a world-class sales force and a world-class go-to-market motion, and I don't see any need for significant change in that. In fact, I really admire – I'm struck by how nicely our sales team has layered in product specialists and layered in the industry focus, as well as continued to re-cut territories to serve customers and more deeply penetrate in our sort of pre-sales through sales motion. The area where we're increasing our focus is in the sort of full customer lifecycle, post-sale, all the way through renewal where what I heard from customers was, help me implement and help me get maximum value out of the product, and then help me translate that into business value, that we can demonstrate. And the interesting thing is our products do drive real business value, right, we automate workflows, which is sort of at the root cause of productivity. But what we are going to do is put a little more focus on customer success, so that we're capturing and documenting and codifying the business value that gets created, which helps a CIO or an IT department within their organization demonstrate the value they are driving inside their company and frankly helps us on upsells, on price realization and on landing new accounts. So, I would say the more focus on the full customer lifecycle particularly post sales through renewal. We already have a number of things going on there, but we're trying to bring them together in a more cohesive and powerful way, both pre-sale and post.
John J. Donahoe: Both. I think I'd say we see some results but our partners are clearly playing a very important role in influencing deals, particularly with G2K customers. We think roughly two-thirds of our net new ACV was influenced by partners, roughly a third was sourced by partners, and so we're already seeing that impact and certainly our top partners are quite important partners. That said, I was meeting with a CIO of one of our top partners this morning in our EBC, and as we talk it feels to me like there is still opportunity where we can more comprehensively and effectively work together to both bring our joint products to market. Every company is struggling with digital transformation and that takes both great software and great process reengineering support to sort of implement it. We're talking about even tighter collaboration on product development and sharing R&D and roadmaps together. And so, I feel like there is still additional opportunity to get even more mutual benefit out of our top partner relationships.
John J. Donahoe: Yeah, Kirk. On your first question on, what you described as HR, here is what I see, and I think we're experiencing it. The change is that virtually every company and every CEO is making modernizing the employee experience a priority, right? Millennials are demanding that they get the same kind of experiences at work as they are getting at home. And so almost every company is saying how can we provide a more compelling employee experience at work. And that's the macro trend that's creating the macro demand. Now, what's interesting, when you think about it as employee experience, employee experience is a lot more than just HR. It's their full end-to-end experience and that's where we excel. So take employee onboarding, employee onboarding is a multi-departmental experience, right, it touches, you've got to get your badge from facilities, you've got to get your desk – sorry, badge from security, your desk from facilities, you've got to get your laptop from IT, you've got to deal with finance, you've got to deal with compliance, you have to deal with HR. So it's more than just an HR experience, it's the full end-to-end experience. And that's where our platform and our capabilities are really strong. Same thing with HR case management, same thing with employee portal which is by definition a multifunctional portal. And so our sweet spot is something that can help drive end-to-end good experiences, workflows, the way talk about it, to improve the employee experience. And so that's what's driving really strong demand for our HR products and we think that's going to continue, and I'll note, as I have several times, that is very complementary with what the HCM providers are providing. It's not in competition with them, but very complementary to provide the best end-to-end working together, we provide the best end-to-end employee experiences for our customers.
John J. Donahoe: Walter, I think one of the real strengths of the company has been this practice of taking literally, virtually every single acquisition and re-coding it into the platform. So that we do have one platform that all applications and all customers can pull from. And the thing that's striking about this company is the organic innovation that we've been able to pull off. And so whether it's the new products around ITOM, around HR, customer support, and security, that organic innovation is what's driving our growth. And that is enhanced by having one platform. When you have multiple platforms, you get more complexity, you get less organic innovation. And so I think this formula of saying, let's look for acquisitions that may bring a functionality, a capability such as machine learning or virtual agents or the ITapp capability that we're now using in cloud management, bring those in, re-code them into our platform, so they're natively available, which then drives a very high organic innovation flywheel. And as long as that's working, there is no need to disrupt that momentum, we feel like there is very good growth opportunity with our existing application set. The other interesting thing is we've got a whole host of applications or a whole host of use cases where customers are already using our platform on workflows and use cases that we don't have an out-of-the-box functionality with, and we will over time, evaluate which of those we want to bring into our core product line. And so, I see a pretty strong innovation pipeline that's not dependent upon M&A.
John J. Donahoe: It's both. It's a lot of backlog not just renewals that is going to be built as well as the strength that we see in our pipeline of opportunities.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Raimo, I've sort of struck 90 days in on sort of two levels about what customers, and as you say, not-yet customers. Obviously within every IT department, ServiceNow is very well known, and for those that are not yet customers, often they either have a renewal of their existing provider that's coming up, and I think we'll have an at-bat, if you will, in almost every one of those cases, or they haven't yet gotten to using software to structure unstructured workflows, and the impetus is on us to demonstrate to them the business value and productivity value that they will get from using our ITSM and core IT products. And so, I think we continue to add new logos simply because where we do focus our energies and effort, we are successful at penetrating. The other observation I'd make is outside of IT and the C-suite, in some ways, ServiceNow is one of the best-kept secrets in world in that our brand awareness outside of IT is not what it, I think, it can be. And in particular as I said earlier the brand awareness of how we drive business value, how we drive productivity, how we drive an enhanced and improved employee experience, how we drive improved end customer experiences where our platform is being exposed to end customers, that is I think an opportunity for us to raise our visibility and raise our awareness. And it's one of those wonderful situations where the substance is ahead of the perception. And so I think one of the things we're going to be doing is trying to bring the awareness and perception in line with the substance and I think we'll – when people understand what it is we do and what it is we can do and how it can drive business value for them, all it will do is enhance what is an already strong sales motion.
John J. Donahoe: And the thing I'd just add to that from a more of a macro perspective is one of the things that we look at is cloud adoption. Cloud adoption differs by country. And so there are a couple markets, that our enormous markets where cloud adoption has been a little behind but is now beginning to kick in, Japan being one of them, and a huge market; cloud, a little bit more slowly adopted. Now, we're beginning to see it's more common among the large Japanese multinationals and leading companies to be embracing cloud with some of the same fervor that's being done in the U.S. and other places. Similarly, Germany. Germany is a huge market with a lot of very large companies and cloud adoption, Germany has been just a little bit more slow for all sorts of reasons, privacy, security, and others, but we're beginning to see some early signs there of that market moving along a little bit. So I think, that's another positive indicator on the global expansion horizon as more and more countries begin embracing cloud with the same vigor that the U.S., UK and others have.
John J. Donahoe: Well, Michael, maybe both of us can comment on this. Different points of view because – I'll just say as a relative newcomer, it's not that we – I don't think we have it all figured out, but I am really impressed with Dave Schneider, Kevin Haverty, our sales leadership team of how they're continuing to evolve it each year. And they're evolving it by, as I said earlier, adding product sales overlay, adding some of the verticals, how they're expanding geography. And they're doing it in a way where customers don't see a lot of dislocation, and that's not an easy thing to do. The other thing that's striking to me is that as we get larger, it's allowing more focus on our customers. So, we have two huge wins, the two large wins in Q2, where as Mike said, things that took many years, and we went back and asked the reps three years ago how many accounts were you covering, and in both cases, they were covering 60 to 80, somewhere between 60 and 80 accounts. And both cases, those were – the very same reps this year are only covering 10 accounts. And what that allows them to do is to walk the hallways, even if it's a non-paying customer, it's a potential customer, they're walking the hallways, they're understanding those customer's needs, they're demonstrating our capabilities, they're building relationships and so the value of scale is allowing a greater customer focus, which helps with existing customers as well as helps us penetrate new, large customers, because we simply have more sales time per customer. And so we will continue to evolve more in 2018, 2019, 2020 as we grow our product portfolio and grow our scale. So, I think, what I was commenting on earlier is just that, that dynamic ability to do that in a way that deepens relationships and does not create discontinuity is what's certainly striking to me as impressive in my early months.
John J. Donahoe: And Kash, what I'd add to that is it's striking to me is that when you actually get inside these customers and talk to them, they view us as a platform. I mean, this is not a series of disparate products that are unrelated to one another. They, in many, if not most, cases have embraced our platform. And even though the decision-maker in HR, HR product or security or CSM is not the CIO explicitly, the CIO and IT does play a role both because we've established credibility and payback in IT. And IT is involved in the implementation outside of IT as well. And so there is a – it's not quite as far afield as it may look from the outside in that it's from the same platform the products do. There is a high degree of overlap on what the product functionality is and the role of IT is a real asset and our credibility with IT within the company is a real asset.
John J. Donahoe: Yeah. On our platform, our platform as I said a minute ago is a huge asset. And what our customers tell us is internal developers find it easy to build on, fast to build on, extensible quite easily. And so that's an obvious opportunity to open that up and make that more available to ISVs and third-party developers. Then as we grow and expand, that's a natural way to grow and expand our functionality as well, whether it's more vertical specific requirements that ISPs can develop or new markets, new use cases. And so we're absolutely investing and making sure the platform is easy to build upon as possible. We have our store. It's relatively nascent but there is I think over 200 now applications in the store and that's growing. And so it will be a continued and increasing area of focus and investment as we go forward.
John J. Donahoe: Well, I think all the products are doing well. We just chose to flag and highlight the ones that stood out, but Security Operations is obviously a huge market, we're just going through tremendous high demand, and our product is a natural complement to many of the other products in that market and is addressing one of the most fundamental dilemma CESOs have which is an explosion of inbound contacts, whether it's from their existing nodes or it's the Internet of Things, there's just an explosion of inbound contacts and the ability to address or remediate those in as an automated way as possible so that they put their human energies on the ones that really matter is a key need. And so, the Security Operations product continue to sell well. Two of our top five deals in the quarter included security and it's a natural add-on product along with the ITSM and ITOM. And similarly analytics had a strong quarter. It was included in 17 of our top 20 deals. So frankly the highest count of all products and it was a strong contributor to net new ACV, it's not as big a line item so to speak. But it's very prevalent and most customers are buying analytics along with the other products.
John J. Donahoe: Well, I think we have – Richard, I think it's an excellent question. And I think my early read is, we have all the potential to get there in that there is clear demand in every company is dealing with digital transformation, every company needs to find productivity in their operations, so that they can take that productivity savings and reinvest it in innovation with their own customers. And fundamentally at the end of the day what we do is by automating workflows we're driving productivity, we're helping improve the employee experience. And so I think the fundamentals are there. I think we can do a better job of capturing the business value we're creating; codifying, capturing it and communicating it. And interestingly our customers are asking for that. IT is typically not talked about what they do inside the company in business value terms; they're increasingly being asked to do so. And so just as I think you talked about sales force when that focus became un-measurable incremental revenue, they became a more strategic partner, in our case driving greater productivity, driving greater employee experience, better employee experience which as I said earlier is a core requirement and demand for most customers and driving better end-customer experience. And yes, you heard actually from GE talk about that at our Knowledge where we're being pulled to the end customers. And so those are measurable business outcomes that we're helping to contribute toward, those are C-suite kind of issues, and I think we're well-positioned to capture and codify what we're doing linking it to that, and that will continue to make us more relevant and strategic both to IT and beyond.
