Bill McDermott: Thank you very much, I appreciate it, Raimo. First of all, we're learning that digital transformation is actually accelerating in the COVID environment. It is however a platform game. So you need to have the platform that can truly make the difference. And we see workflow as the new productivity unlock. When you look at IDC, talking about where it's thoroughly invested and system of record kind of change. You see system of action taking on a whole new meaning now in the information technology industry, which puts us in a very nice position in any environment. So I think what happens here is COVID accelerated digital transformation. Now that people are into it, they've got to keep going as fast as they possibly can. Our direct sales force is every bit as relevant as ever before, and we are continuing to make sure the coverage model expands geographically by industry and also persona. You can also complement this very nicely with an inside selling motion to both support existing accounts and pursue net new logos. You're going to be in an environment where you can do events. These events do not have to be done in big stadiums with thousands of people. You can do them digitally and have techniques where you bring live experiences into the event. That also gives a growth company like ServiceNow the ability to take some of that T&E and put it into revenue strategies for future growth. So we're super excited super, super confident about our ability to execute in this environment, because as you know, Raimo, the future of work is now totally different than it was eight months ago. And thank goodness we leaned into that when we did in March and started a revolution.
Bill McDermott: Yes, I believe, you know, as I said, what happened with digital transformation might have been accelerated by COVID. But the fact is, I think it brought everything to light. When people had to work in a distributed way, work from home, all of the technology needs that they have, the communications needs that they have, the self-service needs that they have, all of these things became extremely clear in a COVID environment. And now that that environment is clear, if you read the research, clearly we're never going to go back to the way things were even after the pandemic is resolved. So the future of work is changing. The millennial generation is changing. The way people work will change. And as it relates to the federal government, it's a big opportunity because the information that's required to get across the country to citizens is very slow. So the government is rethinking strategies in terms of communication and providing digital services. So these workflow services are going to be here for a long time because there's a lot of things to fix. So we are in a - in an environment now where I think the genie is out of the bottle. It's never going back in, and digital transformation is going to continue to accelerate. And yes, we do have return to work, but that hasn't been the major source of the revenue drive in federal, state and local, it's really been more automating and rethinking work processes and automating everything in a much more human-friendly way.
Bill McDermott: It's my pleasure. So the bottom line, Kirk, if you think about it, the future of work in terms of the employee experience. It's clear now that one portal that can provide all the services that employees need, from on-boarding on an employee to self-serving all of their cases to training them and creating a segment of one learning journey for them, to managing issues that might resolve - that might come up and need to be resolved across multiple functions. All of these things are workflow related. So I think the future of work has truly accelerated the consumer strength of our application because it's so easy to use. It's so beautiful to use, people love it. And we hide all the complexity of what's been created over the last half-century. In terms of the customer experience, the customers today, especially in the digital world, expect companies to give them great service. And the kind of the SFA of the past, how do I upsell and cross sell you, they're not in a good mood for that. What they really want is they want you to give them a great service in terms of whatever they signed up for and then make all the self-help tools available to them and use AI to automate the experience. And then if you do need human intervention, the workflow process itself should initiate a call order to a bot or to a human to resolve something so that the customer gets what they want, and they get a digitally. And you know Netflix taught us this. Disney+ taught us this. This is the new way that customers want to work, and they're not in a mood for an up-sell or a cross-sell when they're calling it to have a problem resolved or they are trying to get a service initiated. And similarly, big companies have a direct-to-consumer headset, right now. It's kind of like, hey, the middle people I used to work through, wholesalers, retailers, etc. aren't open. So I've got to go direct to my consumer with my brand and my product and create a great experience. All of this is workflow. So the changes in the future work are going to be there. But then you could take a large bank. I had a CIO extraordinaire in with our Board, and she talked about retiring 283 legacy applications and converging them all on the Now Platform. And there's a list of another 100, and she basically told a great story about literally thousands of people working from everywhere and getting them all their tools and procedures and allowing them to navigate in this world on their own in a way that's highly pleasing to them because they want to drive productivity with their workforce. They also want to mitigate risk and have controls in place, so the place is run well. And everything now is just running so much better. They took out all these 283 systems, and they delivered like hundreds and hundreds of thousands of dollars by application that they retired. And when you add it all up, it's in the triple-digit millions. So they are saving huge money.
Bill McDermott: Well, Karl, thank you very much. You know it's been a year. It's been amazing. I love it here, and the workforce, the partners, the customers, the satisfaction, the loyalty, the excitement on Net Promoter Score, everything is just so positive. And the culture here is so committed, and I think that has really jelled very well with my DNA. So I'm just honored to be here and having the time of my life. As it relates to M&A, we have a situation here where the core business - and the core business has so much potential in and of itself, and the platform has so much potential in and of itself. And when you extend that to the employee experience and some of the items I mentioned today and then you also think about the workforce and the workforce of the future and all the experience layers that go along with that and what ServiceNow will do for people and we're going to make people and their lives so much better in the enterprise. Then you think about customer service management and the enormous success we're having with customer service management and the huge TAM of customer service management. We just have so much opportunity organically that you have to think about geographies. You have to think about industries. You have to think about the personas we're going to serve. And when you put it all together, I mean, depending on what research you look at - Morgan Stanley when I first came in here had just taking paper-based processes and enterprises and automating them into workflows was $228 billion in the US. So if you extrapolate that to the world, you could easily get to $400 billion just in that. If you think about the employee experience, the CSM, the core business, now with ML and AI and all the operational efficiencies, so much organically. So I think the tuck-in strategy has worked well for us because we've been able to re-platform all of that code to the Now Platform. We have no tech debt. Many companies who have expanded through acquisition now have a mess on their hands that they're spending engineering time reintegrating them all the time, instead of building that amortization. So we're very thoughtful about what we're doing here and why we're doing it in service to the customers. So long and short of it is, it's an organic growth story. There's plenty of room to grow. The TAM is big, and if we did something on a more sizable scale, we would have very clear guard rails on doing that for the customer's interests and the large expansion opportunity. But we would never take away the experience benefits they're getting from the Now Platform.
Bill McDermott: Keith, that's the amazing thing, you know, we don't need anyone to lose for us to win. So if you think about the large system of record providers out there, we have no quarrel with them. Most of the CEOs and technology leaders out there have invested heavily in those platforms. And the last thing they're interested in doing right now is switching out those platforms, especially in a COVID environment where speed, acceleration resiliency and serving customer and employees at the top of their to-do list. So that's not a problem for us. And then if you think about the point solution providers, of course there's always going to be point solution providers running around, but we became the platform standard for workflow automation. And now we've extended the perimeter into the employee and the customer service management areas, which are huge TAMs. Also as Gartner indicated, we're really gaining tremendous traction on the platform itself, where people are building innovation onto the platform. So what I see happening is large companies in the Fortune 2000 are basically taking legacy, and they're putting it on to Now. They're basically saying how can retire my legacy because I can go to ServiceNow, get a consumer grade experience, and I can automate my workflows across domains, systems, silos and give my employees and the customers a great experience. And that's so important to them, they don't even ask about price as much as they ask about how quickly can you get it done. And then when we tell them how quickly we can get it done, they are literally in awe because we're talking weeks. We don't talk in years, and that's a very different language from most large-scale companies. So I would really tell you there is no competitor that we go into these large deals worried about. We're just focused on the customer, getting their business to run and do it well. And then obviously we have all the tools, processes and people in place to show them the value. And we not only show them what's possible, but we manage the value through the life cycle of the relationship at an art form level. And these are plays that have been put into the ServiceNow playbook in the last year that are scaling very, very nicely and the customer can see what they're getting out of the platform, and they like it.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Keith, and one of the things to build on what Gina's saying, we pretty much have so many people trying to work with ServiceNow, and we're very honored by that. But you got to really thread the needle to get in here. So what we're putting into the company is sustainable, and we'd rather have a job open for an extended period of time rather than settle on talent. So we're going to build a great, great company here. The other thing I want to mention to you is the margin profile is also substantiated by revenue per employee. And if you look at our revenue per employee and how it's climbed and how it's climbed against any comparison you can come up with in the enterprise, it's pretty impressive. And Gina and I study that very carefully, and we want to make sure that our shareholders have total visibility into all the things that we're doing. And we also run the whole company on the Now Platform. So we are getting tremendous efficiencies out of that, that are being reinvested into people. And I think that's a big thing, and we're really focused on the engineering pride of the company. We make great, great products, and we provide great service with those products, and the brand obviously is resonating. But in addition to that, where we put the money is on things that will return for the shareholders, so in the form of revenue and sustained revenue, in addition to the margin. So we're really, really focused on the whole P&L right now.
Bill McDermott: Yes, so Phil, I'm really excited to have crossed the year here. We crossed that threshold which is great. In terms of building the go-to-market machine here. It's an outstanding business because the business was built on Net Promoter Score, customer satisfaction, and loyalty. And when you have a baseline of very, very happy customers that love the product and are having a great experience, it's a lot easier to scale an organization. So I start with that, in total respect of the great engineering and outstanding go-to-market folks that we have in the company that deeply care about customer satisfaction and loyalty, and that baseline has enabled us to focus. I'd say we're focusing very carefully, Phil, on the Global 2000. We are now geographically expanding in Asia. We also have several places within EMEA that we can expand, and we're on top of that. And we're also segmenting things much more by industry now because as you know, when you have an industry solution it's easily replicated in other parts of the world in and other accounts. So we're very good with large customers getting success and then fast replication of that success. And the value that that delivers is something that's still a tailwind, and there's plenty of room to grow. Furthermore, I do agree that that works especially well in a COVID environment on a same account revenue growth basis. And then there is a whole new motion that we have for the net new logo expansion of the company, and that will nicely complement the direct sales force. So there are several indirect techniques that we're putting into place. And just to let all shareholders know that we're thinking about this stuff in our sleep too, we want to make sure that things that we used to do that, perhaps because of COVID or we came up with a better idea even after COVID, is going to be invested in things that give us growth and do so with high efficiency. So we're covering the board geographically, by industry, by persona. It's a direct game. The focus is on the 2000. But we can also go down market with a lot of self-service techniques and insider techniques that we've yet to fully form, and they are now in place, and we think they'll hit the ground running in '21, Phil.
Bill McDermott: And Derek, one thing to build Gina's commentary on the pipeline. If you look at our pipeline in a snapshot. This time last year our pipeline is up this year versus last year, and even when - if you want to play what-if game, the distressed industry has got harder hit, do you have enough coverage on the conversion side? We have more than enough. So we've already gone through all that, and the retention has been outstanding, including in the distressed industries, and the pipeline overall is substantially strong, and the loyalty actually went up this quarter versus last. So the business is a really good shape.
Bill McDermott: Yes, this is such a good question. If you think about a partner like EY as an example, if you talk to Carmine - ServiceNow - I met him in Santa Clara year ago on the ServiceNow platform, bringing his whole team. And we were one of the partners. We were one of the companies, and now it's us and Microsoft as his two most strategic global partners. If you think about Accenture, I talked about Julie at Accenture today. Accenture's now opened up a global practice dedicated with complete passion and investment. If you look at IBM, IBM had a very large on-premise, their version of ITSM on-premise legacy. And they've entered into a big partnership with us to actually move that to the ServiceNow cloud. We team up with them on their Watson AIOps, everybody wins. But best of all, now IBM has committed to a large scale ServiceNow practice. And this is also true with all the other signature partners that you're well aware of. So what happened, what has changed? There isn't a single partner out there that doesn't have at least a $1 billion, if not many more billion vision for what they will do with ServiceNow in the very near future. They are all increasing their investment. They're all looking at ServiceNow as a standard for digital transformation, and they all see either ServiceNow as the cross platform integration engine to straighten out the way companies run and also complement their other practices. Or they're looking at it as a pure net new workflow revolution practice on some of the dimensions that Gina and I discussed today. In all cases, it is really getting tremendous tailwind, and it's one of the network effects that I think is coming from building great products, having tremendous engineering pride, and also lining up a company only with customer satisfaction. I mean, that's really what we care about. And the partners have really resonated with that because when you work with ServiceNow, you don't have situations where you're cleaning up product messes, you have situations where ServiceNow complements their practice. It works, everybody is happy with it. How do we scale? That's the conversation.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So thanks for the question Carl. It's a great question, and I was trying to give some - I was trying to elaborate here, right, so the 300 basis point of margin improvement that you're seeing this year as you said it is not sustainable, right. Some of these costs will return and what we wanted to say is that not all of them will at the same level. Right. And so we absolutely will be leaning into the future of work and what that means from a cost perspective, but we don't plan to just rest on our laurels. And as Bill talked about the acceleration of digital transformation really being at the forefront and really making sure that we are well positioned to take advantage of that growth and really remain market leader, we will absolutely continue to invest to ensure that we are well positioned in the view of that exploration happening. And so more will come on the absolute margin guide. But I wanted to make clear that the 300 basis points is not sustainable, and that certainly some of the learnings and efficiencies that we'll see in a post pandemic world will be redeployed in areas such as R&D and in quota bearing resources to really kick start growth.
Gina Mastantuono: Great question, Keith. So I appreciate it. So, yes, you're right in your numbers. Head count is up significantly. We made the pledge that we were not going to lay off this year in the COVID-environment, and not only that, but we were actually going to continue to grow our headcount pretty aggressively year-over-year, especially in R&D and in sales. And so we have done just that, and we will continue to do that. With respect to trends, we are really focused on hiring 9s and 10s in this organization. And the announcements that we've made on new leadership has been fantastic. And we're really getting high-quality high-caliber talent. People want to come work for ServiceNow, and we are just so thrilled about that. And so, yes, I absolutely believe that this trend will continue that we will grow headcount. From a margin perspective, I said earlier, it's a bit too early to comment on '21. Certainly the 300 basis points that we're seeing this year is not sustainable, and we absolutely will be very focused and disciplined in all our investments, including headcount, to ensure that we're driving the right level of ROI, but at the same time really investing behind growth and innovation.
Gina Mastantuono: And then on your second question with respect to sales efficiency and ramp reps, I've been extremely impressed, Phil, with the sales team's ability to close large deals on the move. As we mentioned, we closed 41 deals greater than $1 million in ACVs this quarter. On a sequential basis, we actually saw an improvement in sales productivity, with the most notable uptick coming from North America. Attrition rates remain low, almost at the lowest rates we've seen in quite a long time. And so we're entering into '21 with ramps reps that are significantly higher than at this time last year. So we feel really good about sales productivity, about the ramp reps. And of course ramping new employees in a virtual environment we use the Now Platform. And so our on-boarding platform and product has just been phenomenal, and so the 27% growth that you've seen this year in total heads, we've been onboarding the bulk of those folks remotely in a COVID environment. And it's been flawless. I've actually had a couple hires that were so impressed with how easy it was to onboard. And so really, really proud of the entire team.
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks. Yes. Great, I'll take that. Listen, I think that our expansion rates have been really holding up well, similar to what we've seen pre-COVID, so really strong, happy with what we're seeing, even with respect to the distressed verticals. I talked about those deals greater than $1 million in the year - I'm sorry, in the quarter, holding up really strong. And so we feel really good about expansion rate. We feel really good about even our significance in these distressed verticals, right. We are seeing more upsells than down-sells. And so again, feel really good about that. If you talk about the demand for ITSM Pro, well, it continues to be going well and really strong - we continue to have a strong quarter. In Q3, we had great strength. We saw increases in automation and operational resiliency within the product. As we've talked about before, there's a 25% price uplift from ITSM Pro, and 15% of our customers are using it today. So there's significant runway still ahead of us with respect to the Pro SKU. And so, again in summary, really doing well. Customers are resonating as the AI and ML capabilities that are incremental in the Pro SKU are really resonating right now more than ever as you think about the future of work in this COVID environment. And so still early innings with a lot of runway to go.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, it's a great question. As you know, right, so that the uptick in cases and France closing down is certainly a key - key on all of our minds, right, not just from a business perspective. But what I will say is that as you saw the guide, we're actually raising our guide for Q4. And so we definitely took a cautious approach in our - all of our assumptions back at the end of March, and we continue to refine them as we go. What gives me confidence right now in our current Q4 guide is our pipeline stats, right. The coverage is better than last year. Our close rates are strong. And so we continue to be able to evolve and close deals in this remote environment. And so if you think about where we were back in March, April, May, the whole world basically locked down. We feel confident that we'll be able to really continue to hit our numbers and have a strong close to 2020 and Q4. The team is doing a phenomenal job. Execution is just top rate, and at the end of the day, back to the comments that Bill has made earlier, more and more companies are leaning in and not leaning out because they absolutely have to. And the longer COVID exists - and let's be clear, no one thinks this is going away tomorrow, the more companies have to invest in exactly what ServiceNow is providing. And so again, pipeline looks strong. We feel really good about our Q4 guidance.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, I mean it's, it's the interesting question. And if you - if you ask 10 different people what the TAM is you will absolutely get 10 different answers. If you look at what Gartner said when we IPO-ed about what the TAM was for ITSM, it was significantly lower than what it is. I think most people would say the TAM is about $165 billion, but that's not including exactly what you talked about right, the real opportunity to automate manual processes throughout every single organization. It's enormous, it's huge. And if we think about that, I think that - I'm not going to quantify it here, but you all can do your math. It's large, and so we absolutely believe that the acceleration of digital transformation is happening today and that we are going to continue to evolve and innovate to ensure that we remain the market leader. And so from a competition perspective, we talk about this often, we're a platform company and a platform company first. And so really with respect to competition, there is no one out there that can do what we do the way we do it, can automate complex workflows across the enterprise, across silos, across departments. The benefit is really that we can provide the end-to-end functionality across IT, employee, customer throughout the organization. We're the only cross-functional platform that can sit on top of any of the systems of record to enable workflows across those systems of records. Right. So as Bill said earlier, no one has to lose for us to continue to grow and drive. And so our differentiation is that we're really the only software company at our size with one platform, one data model, one architecture, and so we're poised to take advantage of that incremental opportunity as it comes. But you're absolutely right, the TAM is getting larger and larger as we really think about how companies really need to automate the back and middle-office for sure.
