William McDermott: Thank you very much for the question, Keith. I would, first of all, begin by discussing this incredible platform and the difference that it makes. If you take all the complexity that's out there, and you think about what CEOs today want, they're looking for new vectors of growth to have to radically simplify their companies and digitization is really the only way out. But the difficult thing is most people are selling into a department where they have a narrow threaded solution and that doesn't necessarily change the way work flows and the way business processes get executed. So we're able, -- especially with our Gen AI built into this incredible platform, we're able to demonstrate real value, and that ROI is undeniable and we have a culture built to deliver value. We have a team in who knows how to describe value. And obviously, we're very market connected. I do give the culture here credit for what I call an elite level of execution. So that's just built into the fabric of our DNA, great innovation, great execution, great integration between what we build, how we take it to market, and how in the post-sale world, we care for that value to be ultimately delivered quickly and provable ROI.
William McDermott: Yeah. Raimo, thank you very much for the question. And I think the key to our domain specific or smaller models, as you mentioned it, they're lightning quick. There's no latency because we're working with the customers' data. They are highly secure again because it's the customer's data, and they're inexpensive to run. And when companies see the bandwidth of a platform that goes end-to-end. So everywhere from the entire IT estate for digital transformation, or recreating an employee experience where employees actually get excited to come to work and do their job, because we take the busy work out of their life or the customer experience can be totally reimagined and then inspiring developers to do what they do best, which is dream about net new innovation and building new business models. You see this, obviously, you mentioned BT, I could have easily said London Stock Exchange, where they deployed us for a core business transformation, and they unified 15 siloed platforms and 14 lines of business on the ServiceNow platform. And they actually saw a deflection rates increase to 85% of the cases, and 35% time improved and summarizing incidents. And by the way, NowAssist does this in seconds. So we're talking about two days per employee improvement and productivity. I could have gone to TriMedx. A biotech company and basically, what they're doing NowAssist is they're enhancing developer productivity, which has increased for them 22%, and they saw 50% of their developers actively using NowAssist in just three months. I could have also mentioned Kainos, a digital technology solutions provider. They created 600 knowledge articles with NowAssist and they were able to improve access to their knowledge content for their customers and employees. Their satisfaction from a customer standpoint went from 80 to 99 and this is just amazing stuff. We just went general availability with our Gen AI SKUs for our government Community Cloud. This is June 28, by the way. One customer had a go live in implementation schedule for Q3, but their pilot went so well that they decided, they needed it immediately activated in Q2. So you’re into a whole different program here with rapid time to value a product that people love to use and the executives get excited because their people are so happy. Their customers are so happy. Their innovators are so happy. And we’re so market connected that we know what’s going on in every one of these instances, they know we’re not mailing it in from a deck.
William McDermott: Thank you very much, Kash. I really appreciate your thoughtful comments and your question. I think the bottom line is consolidating the past is really not moving the ball forward and innovating the future is. I think we have a dream for the company. I think we know how to describe that dream to the C-suite. I think we're now toggling across the entire C-suite, where we've expanded the perimeter in the relationship plan and the solution road map. And obviously, internally, we've scaled the company where it's ready to make a bold move now and be the defining one in the enterprise. So I think all that's coming together once for us. In terms of the broader macro, you saw the investment in hardware, obviously, for the AI world. You saw the incredible success of the great NVIDIA company and the work that they're doing. You see great companies like Microsoft doing incredibly well with Office and dynamics and teams and copilot, so they're standard. And then you see the hyperscalers all doing well, whether it's Azure, it's AWS or its GCP, they're all doing well. And good news is we integrate with all of them. So we know the hyperscaler trend, okay? We built our Gen AI strategy with NVIDIA. We knew they were going to be the winner. We had no doubt about that. And we knew that the world of the 20th century would eventually get the picture that you can't upgrade the past and expect it to give you a different result. And any time we get a chance to tell that story and prove it with a great demo and great success cases, we blow people away with innovation. But to answer your question in terms of where are we headed? Where we're headed is we're going to transform entire industries. And if I give you an example of that, take the utility industry, for example, they have to maximize the power grid uptime. They're trying to detect and mitigate vulnerabilities of critical assets, and I need to do everything in real time, whether it's repairing things, taking care of equipment, skills, parts, field service technicians, equipment suppliers. There's a whole distributed value chain. We're going to reinvent the whole industry, and we've got to put it on the ServiceNow platform. And we've got to take the data, and we're going to connect all the disparate parts that are suffocating companies, and we're going to move it into the Now Platform, and we're going to reimagine the way work flows. And I could say that for manufacturing, think about predictive maintenance across multiple sites, combining IoT data with advanced analytics to optimize profitability, improve operational efficiency, think about consumer goods. They want AI-powered chatbots to deliver personalized shopping experiences. And just think about your own shopping experience. You could buy a great product, but if you can't return it in a streamlined way. You drop the brand. You're not doing business with them anymore. So it's a virtuous cycle to think about the quality of the product, the service experience of the customer and ultimately advocating for the customer and giving them what they want, that's all workflow, and we're going to automate that entire industry. And so rethink health care, rethink manufacturing, rethink utilities, you rethink consumer goods. We're going for it all.
William McDermott: Thank you very much, Peter. I appreciate your question. We have an unbelievable team. And actually, we've already been in execution mode on where we're taking the company and the leadership team. I met with all of them today, including Pat Casey, who is one of the co-founders of the company, and he actually runs the cloud for the company. and all of the line of business development leaders. Chris Bedi is in there on an acting capacity because he knows my decision making style and he can integrate beautifully with the great engineers that we have and the great grow to market people we have, so we don’t drop a single step in our March to be the defining one. So everybody is fired up. They understand the mission, and they’re ready to go. And I will hire a Chief Product Officer. It could come from the inside of the company or the outside of the company on a more permanent basis. But we’re not going to miss a step in execution. We’re already on the move. So very, very, very confident in our company. And by the way, they’re very, very confident that our business is in great shape. And I do want to mention the U.S. public sector remains a substantially important industry vertical to our company, and we continue to believe that, that is poised for further growth, especially in third quarter because that’s when a lot of the decisions get made. And we have our arms around that. Our great public service companies love us. We love them. We’re doing a great job for them, and we don’t intend to miss a beat here, Peter.
William McDermott: Yeah. It's a really important question, Samad, because I think what's happened is they've heard so many whitewashed AI stories from pretenders that they are a little jaded. So we have to get in there and show them all the use cases, show them the demos, show them the customer success stories, give them the handful of references that are already doing it. And before you know it, were off to the races. And then we show them our road map for where we're taking the company and they realize they don't want second-mover advantage, because if other participants in their industry move out and they don't, they could lose. And also, if you think about employees, soon, employees won't tolerate the nonsenses going on with 800 numbers, busy work, silly work that doesn't make a difference and they'll go work somewhere else. So the same thing is true with customers. So I think that it's an education. It's a demonstration. And it's having the validity of success where you have permission to go into the C-suite and they're interested in listening to your story. Once they hear our story and once they see us in action, it's an order. And then it's a quick install and then it's a go-live and then it's amazing productivity. That's what's happening.
William McDermott: I think Gina makes a great point there, and I did hear one analyst one say, yes, I've been talking to the partner checks and the channel and I'm not hearing a lot from the partners. Yes, that's because, as Gina said, they're still getting activated. But can you imagine when they do, if you see these results when we're doing it on our own and then you get thousands and thousands and thousands of more feet on the street telling the same story, it's a wow factor.
William McDermott: Yeah. Thank you very much, Kirk, for the question. I really do appreciate it. It’s really amazing. The initial demand for this product and this offering, as you saw from the Washington, D.C. release and what you saw at knowledge ‘24 has really surprised us on the upside how quickly it’s taken off. In Q2, as an example, we had a large biopharmaceutical company, Golfer OT. They mix it with IT. We had a huge biotech and pharma company and a large Japanese auto company. And what we’re already seeing is partners like Boomi, STMicro and a multinational electronics company also based in Japan go for it. So we think that there’s a big opportunity here for both of these products. OT has increased our technology workflow TAM by about $5 billion. In addition, we see sales and order management. This is helping us address the $68 billion customer workflow TAM. So it’s still early days, but we are super encouraged by the traction that we see so far and we’ll continue to monitor and update you guys on this, but it’s a meaningful part of our portfolio now. And again, one of the beauties of this company is the beauty of linking the engineering development effort with the feet on the street and having that high-touch intimacy with the customer and the virtuous cycle back into development where the customer feels that they are the developers developing their dreams and our great engineers are capable of doing things so quickly here. And this is yet another example.
William McDermott: And Alex, I would build on what Gina stand by just thinking about the time line that you mentioned, we became a platform company, that's what happened. We've gone from a product company with a land and expand mentality to an AI platform for business transformation that's looking at industry that we're looking at the complete bandwidth of what a company is trying to pull off. And then to give you a piece of the brand, I think we differentiated ourselves by putting AI to work for people. And people include people like us. It includes employees. It includes customers. It includes people that build the software and includes people to keep the place secure. So all these things were taken into account in the strategic direction of how we would build a strategic platform company. And when Gina tells you, the deal sizes are expanding. The duration of the agreements are expanding. It’s consistent with the company that is scaling, right, before your eyes.
William McDermott: Okay. Well, I'll start off and then Gina can talk about our hiring strategy, and thank you for your kind remarks, Mark. There was 0 impact on customer systems from CrowdStrike outage on July '18 as it relates to ServiceNow. There was zero impact to data integrity financial systems and the integrity of the operations of the companies as it relates to ServiceNow. And thanks to our CMDB, I think you're onto a very good marketing and sales idea and the service mapping of the CMDB we had instant visibility into which systems, which business services and infrastructure were impacted in our customers' environment. And our automated workflows sped up the remediation and the employees were kept up to date via our ServiceNow portal. So I think this could actually lead to more sales opportunities once non-ServiceNow customers see what's possible with a platform like this.
William McDermott: Thank you very much for the question, Rob. I would say at this point, I want you to think about workflow automation, Gen AI on our platform and our ability to take RaptorDB and gather any data source, regardless of who’s governing it or where it is and activating that in to automate the way things get done. And as an example, this lighthouse program that we have has a group right now of design partners and early adapters of RaptorDB. And I think it will further accelerate our pro version of the ServiceNow platform in addition to entering us into a whole new TAM to complement the Now platform, Pro+, NowAssist and then the RaptorDB-Pro. And we’re going to use the learnings from this program to further develop our offering. And we do see our role as integrating as opposed to competing with other data providers because the customer wants to activate our platform to do good work with all of the data estates that they have because we have the only AI platform for business transformation in the enterprise. And if we can go everywhere, it just extends our reach and the bandwidth of our TAM and the executional excellence that we can bring to stakeholders. So it’s all part of our thinking big and activating all this in industry-specific use cases. So when we show up, we’re not funding through a brochure, we got a demo in our hands, and we’re showing you how you can transform a business process.
Gina Mastantuono: And then, Keith, on your question about any unusual activity of deals slipping from Q1 to Q2? No. Actually, we just saw pretty incredible great execution across the board in Q2. From a revenue perspective, net new ACV outperformance that we talked about strong execution of the ServiceNow incredible go-to-market team, as you would expect. On-prem did come in a little bit ahead of expectations, but the net new ACV outperformance was more -- was much more impactful. With respect to the CRPO beat, also, again, primarily driven by net new ACV outperformance, a little bit higher or early renewals. As you know, I’ve been pretty prudent in how I’ve been guiding for early renewals and continue to do so. But the beat was really a function of incredible execution by this team once again.
Gina Mastantuono: And Samad, I would just add, and I talked about this in my script that we're just scratching the surface of that opportunity and the vast majority of our current sales are direct, right? So we're working now really strongly with our partners and the ecosystem to arm them with the tools to sell, and that's going to extend our go-to-market reach even broader. Those partners are so critical and so important and they are leaning in very heavily with us. And so that's going to be another part of kind of the continued acceleration here.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, Karl. It’s a great question. I think that as expected, and I talked a little bit earlier that part of the beat, most of the beat for Q2 was all about execution and net new ACV, but there was part of the beat that was early renewals. I’m continuing to be prudent in how I’m factoring in early renewals because they are so customer-by-customer specific. And so what I would say is that I continue to be prudent in how we think about guide for Q3 and the full year. But I remain extremely confident in that pipeline that I talked about. So pipeline coverage ratios are strong maturity is better than same time last year. We came out of knowledge with 50% more pipe generated in the first 60 days. And that number, I spoke earlier, has surpassed $1 billion. And so pipe remains strong. Opportunity, as you’ve heard Bill and I talk about so far today is fantastic. Demand seems healthy, but you’re right, there’s definitely a little bit of uncertainty in the back half of the year, and we continue to be prudent in some of our assumptions.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah, Brad. I would say, it’s very much across the board. Similar to the results that you saw in Q3, it’s really strength across the platform. Whether it’s IT, customer employee creator as well as NowAssist. And so what I would say is, we’re operating on all cylinders here and pipeline being generated is really very across the board. But as you would imagine, with respect to Gen AI, there is such excitement and such attention there that we absolutely see very strong pipeline as we think about Gen AI in the back half and then moving into ‘25 and beyond.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah. So you're absolutely right. RPO growing at 31% year-over-year is pretty incredible, especially at our scale. We continue to see average contract terms increase right? And so Q2 had the largest quarterly average contract term for Q2 since 2018. And so we're seeing TCV from five plus year deals more than tripling. I said that in my script. And so we're really seeing a meaningful uptick in multiyear duration contracts as customers are really seeing the power of the Now platform and just making longer, more strategic deals, which is resulting in that. And so no big differences in kind of any pull forwards of deals, a slight uptick in early renewals, as I talked about, but that was only against a prudent guide. So again, it's really about the power of the platform customers really understanding how we're using Gen AI into that platform and really becoming the AI platform for business transformation. That's it.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So linearity in Q2 was good. I feel really good about what we saw. And absolutely, AI is AI conversations are driving very strategic engagements and obviously, driving larger average contract terms, right? Again, it's customers really leaning into a longer strategic partnership and getting it now. And so I think all of that is a big part of what you're seeing in our results.
Gina Mastantuono: And on your question on sales and marketing, I highlighted that it would be picking up even in Q1, right? So Q1 was a little bit lower because last year, Q1 was a big hiring quarter. But yes, we absolutely are focused on ensuring that we're hiring feet on the street, quota bearing sales to go and drive these opportunities that we keep talking about. So we do expect hiring and sales and marketing to kind of continue to tick up a bit that very much in line with our original plans. And obviously, the more we over exceed and the opportunity grows, we will continue to hire to ensure that we have those feet on the street driving and closing those deals.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah. So I’ll take that second question first. So no, there’s no federal business that we foresee we will need to unwind full stop. And then with respect to the step-up in CapEx, it’s more quarterly timing than anything else. Expectations for full year has not changed. And as you would imagine, focus of our CapEx is on AI and Gen AI. But as we talked about at Financial Analyst Day, it’s already baked into any guidance that I would have given you. So I wouldn’t take into account an any quarterly kind of timing-related stuff.
Gina Mastantuono: So yes, that headwind to Q2 CRPO did play out as expected. And yes, it will normalize in Q3. But remember, depending on the size of our Fed business in Q3, it could pop up again as we play out Q4 and beyond. Obviously, we’ll let you know as that comes to fruition or not. But yes, it should normalize now in Q3 as expected.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah. So basically, what that really is showing you is that net new ACV has reaccelerated in first half ‘24 versus first half ‘23. The other piece has nothing to do with early renewals really. The other piece is that are expected on-prem mix in Q3 of this year is lower than – is a little bit lower than last year. So all good things as you think about the results for Q2 and what it means going forward.
