Bill McDermott: Alex, it’s a great question. As you know, the in-process measures of what companies do in times of crisis cannot be overstated in their importance, and you’re in a race against the clock in terms of how you execute. Having been through a few cycles in my career, like this, it was clear to me that we had to immediately jump in on the COVID response actions we took with the four apps, to work-from-home initiative, the all-hands communication to get people rallied around our customer, and then also, along with our leadership team, galvanize the Company around a Q2 playbook that really sold into what the customer needed in the face of a market crisis. Gina did a great job telling you about the market dynamic that we handle mainly high end customers and the Fortune 500, and 80% of them are in industries that of course feel some effects of COVID, but it’s the 20% that feel the greatest shocks of COVID. So, the stage is set for ServiceNow to perform well. What I’m seeing in the trenches as it relates to April is a continuation to what Gina and I told you about March. From the linearity basis, March closed as we would expect March to close and April has actually started faster than April did last year. So, on a year-over-year basis, our pipeline is bigger than it was last April. And what we actually have in the door is on a percentage basis higher than we had last April. And the forecast is not shaky, it is very solid when you talk to our sales leader, the executives that reporting to him, and you participate in the daily conversations in the trenches, like I do with people that run companies and run government entities. So, right now, things are going very well at ServiceNow.
Bill McDermott: One of the new logos, Brad, that I mentioned was Merck. And there were quite a few on new logos in Q1. But, here’s a big thing. It might be a little counterintuitive actually, but one of my goals, as I told you in the last earnings call, was to be the trusted innovator for the C-suite and actually to elevate the level of contact that ServiceNow utilized in the marketplace. Right now, C level executives and CEOs in particular are easier to get to than they ever have been, because they’re in their home office, and they’re looking for a good phone call or a good Zoom, and in ServiceNow, they’re finding one. So, what we’re doing is we’re aligning the presale, especially on the value drivers that are important to a customer in their specific industry, in their specific persona. And on an outside-in basis, we’re studying very carefully, especially in the COVID environment, what we can do to help them. We schedule our team to essentially do -- in a physical world we had what we called executive briefing center meetings. Now, we’re in a virtual world. We simply have the same executive briefing center meeting. Only, we can have many more of them because we don’t have the wear and tear or the difficulty of getting calendars aligned because people have time on their hands for things that are mission critical and things that can give them immediate time to value and the priorities that they care about. And as I said, Brad, they care a lot about protecting the revenue they already have. Obviously, everyone wants to grow, but job one is protect what have. And then, this business continuity thing, we can’t overstate it. For example, there is -- one very large consulting company out there with hundreds of thousands of people. And think about something like asset management and how you get the tool set, whether it’s a phone or a computer or anything the workforce might need to work-from-home physically to them, trace and track it, and make sure that it’s executed well across the value chain. So, think about all those enterprise asset management needs now being managed on a workflow basis between a virtual and a physical world. So, this platform of platforms is really resonating. So, I believe that it’s logical for people to be concerned to say, well, you’re primarily an enterprise direct sales go to market, but actually, it works even better in digital because the activity set increases and it’s just easier to do business with C-level executives now than it ever has been before. The other thing I would mention to you, and I said it in my opening remarks is it’s all about value. Right? The one thing about value that’s changed though is the fuse has to be really short, not dissimilar to 2008. It has to be very, very short. I told you a story about Lowe’s where we had them up and running on something with 330,000 employees and 96 hours. We have people installing ITSM Pro in a couple of weeks. And just compare that to the old system of record world and how long it takes to get the value. So, we’re so relevant. And I want everybody to just think about the old value chains and how they are splitting apart and being reassembled into these end to end mobile first workflows on the Now Platform and how quickly you can get the value, and just how willing people are to engage digitally. And even the order agreements, it’s all digital. You don’t have to go out there and get things signed anymore. So, that’s pretty much the net of it.
Bill McDermott: Hey, Brad. I just want to give you and everyone else on the call a little color. Right? To build on what Gina is saying, we’re hiring 9s and 10s. And just to net it out, this is a brand destination that’s super successful and talented people now know about. One example is our Chief AI Officer, Vijay Narayana. Keep in mind, this guy has 15 patents. He ran data science solutions at Microsoft and engineering at Pinterest. We have the ability to attract the very, very best people in the market. And he was getting offers from everybody. And he chose ServiceNow. So, we are -- as we bring in engineers, as we bring in talented go-to-market people, we’re also making sure that they’re 9s and 10s. We’re not interested in 8s and below. We’ll leave that to the open market to rationalize.
Bill McDermott: Absolutely. Sarah, first of all, thank you very much for the question. We really want everybody to know that this Company is all about driving long-term customer loyalty. The sustenance of these customer relationships is everything in the cloud economics sense, but even more, it’s everything in the sense of the ServiceNow culture. We have presale, sale, post-sale customer support, our consulting and partner ecosystem aligned in a value chain. We do this by industry, we also segment it by persona. In the 20% of our customer installed base, most affected by COVID-19, we have a cross-functional team that also includes legal, finance, presale, sale, and post-sale involved in the process. So, we do all we can to make our customers successful. We haven’t had a single down sell. We have been flexible on cash where we need it to be, which Gina’s stated. But, we’re also looking at things that are win-win in the orientation. So, even if COVID were even worse than it is today, we expect it’ll get better, but even if it was worse, we find that customers are realizing that the Now Platform is it keep the lights on technology in these companies, it is a have to have. And therefore, nobody has disputed whether or not they need to renew. It’s just simply a consequence of can we help them get through this very difficult time. So, keep that in mind. The loyalty effect is getting even stronger because customers really are relying on the platform even more. And as I look at the root causes to why companies win and lose, customers have to love that product in good times and bad, and be willing to stick with that product because they really believe it’s essential to their future. And that has been the case in every engagement, even the ones where customers needed our help the most.
Bill McDermott: One thing and I think everybody will be interested to know this. It’s kind of your question, but it’s probably on everyone’s mind. Why is it that we have such confidence? It’s really because the customers telling us they have confidence in us. So, take the Department of Home Affairs in Australia. What they are doing is basically integrating the outdated underperforming, old solutions into -- in integrated platform. And that is helping them simplify their environment, drop down costs and improve productivity. The State of California as an example is a perfect one, because they went for a cloud first initiative. And that’s all about getting stakeholders, vendors and partner agencies to cooperate. And that’s why they chose ServiceNow customer service management. So, what you’re seeing here is a recognition that the integrated nature of the platform, what the platform can do, and how it’s so simple now to plug the processes into something that’s modern, cloud and on the move versus the thing they’re bogged down by in the old 20th century tech. So, we’re feeling good.
Bill McDermott: Yes. That’s actually a good question, Samad. I know initially, probably people had concerns as to how viable that was. But the reality is, it is very viable. And that’s in fact what’s happening. Not only can ServiceNow virtually implement the system but so too can the ServiceNow ecosystem. And initially, there may have been some training that was required with certain partners on how to do that but our substantial partners absolutely know how to do that. And that is the manner in which ServiceNow is being implemented. It’s done virtually by ServiceNow as well as our ecosystem partners, not an issue whatsoever.
Bill McDermott: Well, Samad, I wish you well too. And I’d tell you are asking some great questions here. Because who would have thought that ITSM Pro could have been implemented by our partners in 21 days or less, remotely, pretty cool. And then who would have thought we would have canceled our Knowledge event in Orlando, which has been the physical event of the year, the epicenter of the ServiceNow story where we expected to have 25,000 people physically in Orlando. We already have 50,000 registered and signed up for our event, our Knowledge event in a virtual environment. And yesterday, our Head of Marketing and Communications who is leading this event and doing a great job I might add, told me that his anticipated headcount now for the event is over 100,000. You’re on a good point here. We might very well learn that companies that are digitally transformed and attracting others who want to be digitally transformed, might actually get some brand recognition power from this and actually a lower cost of sale because of the bandwagon effect. And the second part is our motion on a virtual basis of coordinating all of the pre and post-sale layers I discussed is becoming far more refined than it was in the prior highly physical, high-touch world. So, we might still be able to deliver high value, but do so at a higher volume, in which case, you can lower cost of sales, get more deals and more flow through to the bottom line. I wouldn’t rule it out. I’ll put it to you that way. 
Bill McDermott: Yes, sure. Well, Kirk, I want to thank you very much for the question. It’s a really, really smart question because I start every meeting off with the C level executives or heads of government that we’re speaking with regularly, daily in fact, on this concept of behind every great experience is a great workflow. And the Now Platform is a platform of platforms. You heard me say that when I first came into the Company. But digital workflows are becoming substantially important assets within every company. And what we see happening here is we see that the great experiences that every CEO wants for their employees and customers includes mobile web and conversational tools. We see clearly that the IT workflow is also essential to enable employee workflow, customer workflow, and then anything they want to uniquely customize they can use the App Engine on our platform to do it. And having this one platform with one data model and one architecture with by the way no debt, because of how well ServiceNow engineering has been handled for the last 15 years, you’re able to really streamline, eliminate a lot of waste in these companies. And what I see happening is companies are telling me, why would I want to double down on a system of record when I can take the data from the system of record and put it into a new workflow where by the way with the Orlando Now Platform, they can apply machine learning and AI and get the real analytics that they need to drive employee experiences customer experiences. So, it’s actually such a great return on investment. I haven’t seen one scenario yet where I can’t go to a C-level executive and say you ordered this from me today, I gave you five 5x or better the ACV value this year. And then, it’s kind of like, well, why wouldn’t you do it. One customer, for example, in this software asset management scenario, we also do hardware asset management, as you know, said I know that I have fully outdated solutions. I’m under utilizing my shelf-ware and so forth. And I said, we’ll analyze it for you. It’s something we do. We haven’t found a business case yet where we can’t take 20% of the cost out. And the guy goes, really? Why don’t we have it? I said look, if anyone’s got any problem with it, I’ll just split the profits with you. No, no, no, I’ll order from you. So, that’s the kind of environment we’re in. If you want to talk cost, we can take it out. If you want to talk experience, we are the workflow behind it. If you want to talk executional excellence in a virtual world, this is the platform that cuts across all the systems of record, and enables all of the mobile web and conversational experiences to help the employees do their job or inspire the customers to be happy and loyal. So, I really think, it’s relevancy, it’s quick return on investment and it’s making things better for everybody. And I really truly believe, our purpose is helping people and really making work, work better for people is truly resonating at this critical time in the world’s history.
Bill McDermott: Raimo, I’ll start this off. As you’ll remember from 2008, the world was feeling very good in September of 2008 about things until the crisis hit on the financial level. That was pretty substantial. And that was when cloud solutions that offered OpEx first CapEx and fast time to value really became the ultimate move for the enterprise. Because the power moved across the management team, the CEO basically said, do what you have to do to get the job done, do it on your budget, and CapEx slowed and cloud took over as the pervasive computing theme of the 21st century at that moment. In our case, we’re already a pure play born in the cloud market leader. So, what do you do? We essentially wrote a playbook with five main plays that do what you said, take our platform and our market leading solutions and shape them in a way that gives customers what they need fast. So, digitally scaling your operations quickly and efficiently as an example combines our CSM, our ITSM Pro, and our mobile capabilities and our ITOM capabilities in one out of the box pre-packaged solution that’s ready to run. If you want to reduce your technology debt, we have our SAM, Software Asset Management, the Cloud Insights and application management tool out of the box ready to run. If you want to ensure resilience for your critical business operations, we have governance risk compliance, IT operations and security operations out of the box ready to run. And we do this for the employees. We also do this when you’re building any workflow. So, for the employees, you want the right digital experience from anywhere. You listen to any CEO on the business council calls, and that’s what they want. You need the right digital experience for my people anywhere. So we have the Human Resource Service Delivery Pro, ready to go out of the box. It’s all mobile, and it’s ready to run. And, of course, I talked earlier in my remarks about asset management. You have to get the assets to the people where they’re physically located. And you have to track and trace this stuff as well. Again, out of the box ready to go. And finally, on creating new workflows fast when you need them most, the App Engine is now a soaring component of the ServiceNow Platform. And I think we really kicked off a new awareness for that with our COVID-19 apps. People are like, wow! I can do my own app? And I can do it at mass scale with that kind of speed? Are you kidding? We built them in three days. I had one CEO who was fascinating, said, my goodness! I was trying to do an employee rewards program, because I want to get a great score on Glassdoor. And on ServiceNow, I had a business analyst do it in three days. So, everything we do is super fast, out of the box, ready to go and we align the whole value chain within our company to provide that to customers in a virtual world.
Bill McDermott: Phil, I think -- and first of all, thank you for your question and safety and wellness to your family. Please give everybody my best, Phil. Executives today are very keen on digital transformation. You can’t go to any meeting where a CEO among CEOs isn’t in some way trying to digitize their company and trying to make sure that digital transformation is at the top of their to do list because they know, if they’re not digitally transform and their competitors are, they’re going to get wiped out. So, this is where the action is. We’re in the sweet spot. And we don’t have to sort of explain that. Now ServiceNow is hitting the main stage with the biggest companies in tech. And we have a very prized position, because the problem with systems of record and the technologies of the past is they do one thing well in a specific domain. It’s not that that’s unimportant, but those investments have been made. So, the CEOs that I talk to, want us to help make those investments work better. And that’s where the platform of platforms comes in. Because we’re so well positioned to take all the investments they’ve already made and enable them to do what they want done, which is to create workflows and inspire their people and provide outstanding service to their customers. And Phil, one of the big learnings in CRM as an example, the engagement layer has been well-penetrated. We all understand SFA, we all understand marketing, we all understand upsell, cross-sell engagement. But what hasn’t been done so well is mid-office operations, how does a healthcare provider take care of 50 million claims and make sure things are done well for each and every constituent, or it could be making sure on field service level for example, deep analytics and machine learning is applied to understand how things can be corrected remotely. But, when you do have to manage an incident, it’s done with the right person, the right tool set, the right training with the right preparation. So, when they do activate a resolution process, the productivity curve goes way up the customer satisfaction, loyalty effect hits. Now, you’ve also seen virtual agent on the platform where we can handle 50 million plus consumers at any one given time on the internet. So, it’s really evolved, and ServiceNow is leading in digital transformation. And workflow is hitting mainstream awareness, which is a new curve for CEOs, and they like it.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure. Well, I’ll say that we’ve not had any customers at this point that are unable to make payments. And so, our customer base remains very healthy. That being said, we have provided some flexibility and extended payment terms. So, a portion of our company, of our customers and those that are the ones that we’re talking about in the highly effected industries. But so far, it’s not [Technical Difficulty] customer base. We don’t anticipate that payment deferrals or adjusted payment terms will have a meaningful impact on revenue or billing. It is why we have [Technical Difficulty] our cash flow margin guidance flat, even though we’re increasing operating margin by a 100 basis points. We do feel like there’ll be a little bit that will push into early ‘21, but for the most part, we feel very comfortable in our guide on free cash flow and bill. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. I would say that -- what I talked about slowing hiring and we talked consistently about G&A now and into the back half. We will continue to aggressively hire [Technical Difficulty]. And in fact, [Technical Difficulty] today have been [Technical Difficulty] hiring in some of those areas. And so, we have really not seen a slowdown to date in our ability to hire and attract really strong talent, which is great. I think, what we’re trying to do is be really thoughtful about hiring [Technical Difficulty] continue to hire for the critical [Technical Difficulty]. I want to make sure that we are well positioned to whether this short-term storm here.
Gina Mastantuono: I think that as IT becomes the business now, IT ops is going to be super important. But that’s not the only place where we continue to see strength. And so, we did a very bottoms-up, deep dive and we did extensive scenario planning for our pipeline coverage, our conversion, our renewal rate et cetera. And so, it’s really about whether or not, from our original guide, we’re just thinking that some of our customers in these highly impacted industries. We believe our renewal rates will stay strong. But, as we think about net new and digital priorities, some of them may be delayed. So, that’s really where we’re focused on when we’ve brought down the guide. We absolutely believe that we’ll be able to maintain our strong renewal rate. We believe that digital transformation will remain, a big priority, as Bill has talked about. So, we feel very confident right now with our current guidance.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. As I said earlier, the real issue that we’ve seen, and it hasn’t been tremendous, given that only 20% of our business is with customers in the heavily impacted industries. We are not seeing any real issue with respect to sort of invoicing duration or timing.
Gina Mastantuono: So, basically, not only, only 20% of our business in the heavily impacted industries, 80% of our business is Fortune 500. And so, we are not as exposed to smaller SMB type of business. And so, our guide does reflect some lower expectations from what we normally would see our growth on a net new ACV. The bulk of that we believe will come from companies in the more heavily impacted but some as some of these companies still May delay some of their speeding and they look for, we definitely incorporated some of that as well.
Gina Mastantuono: No, I think that there’s definitely potential upside, if the economy opens up more broadly sooner, right? We think that and we’ve talked about, we are very well positioned once the economy opened up, digital transformation is more imperative than ever. And our customers are really engaging with us like never before. And so, there certainly would be upside in my eyes, if the market opened up sooner. As you know, we are very, very Q4 weighted, and we’re also within each quarter very last month weighted. So, as we look at the actual conversion of the pipe, we talked about pipeline being stronger than ever. Our current conversion rates are higher than normal. And so, we are very well positioned if the economy opens up more broadly to potentially be in a position to have more opportunity versus the current guidance, if that helps.
Gina Mastantuono: And on your question with gross margins, we did see higher gross margins in the quarter of about 87%. That was really driven by a greater mix of self-hosted revenue during the quarter. We expect that our guidance for the full year, that’ll be more normalized at 86%.
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks, Bill. Yes. I would just say that you’re right. We have strong growth in our sales and marketing headcount in Q1. It was the strongest sales hiring quarter ever. And we continue to invest aggressively in our long-term growth in both sales and marketing as well as R&D. I would also say that we’ve also seen strong productivity, which tells us we’re getting good yield on a hiring investment made and affords us the ability to maintain these aggressive targets. So, we feel good, we will continue to invest here and continue to drive the long-term growth trajectory of the business.
