Gina Mastantuono: Sure Kash. I'll take the cRPO question first. And if you remember, we've been talking about this for several quarters now that with the renewal cohort that Q3 was going to be the bottom, right? So if you think about a renewal of $1 million at the end of Q4. At the end of Q1, if it comes $750,000; end of Q2 $500,000; and of Q3 only $250,000 it will pop back up in Q4. And so Q3 is absolutely the bottom of that renewal cohort and we'll see that reacceleration as we move into Q4. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, Brad. I'll take that the renewal cohort. So, what I'll point to is our continued best-in-class renewal rates. Q3 at 99% across the board in every geography during this macro environment, gives me much confidence that the renewal cohort is solid, right? And so, sometimes we renew early, sometimes we don't. We are having conversations always with our customers to lean in to what they're trying to do and how we can help them back. I really tried to bring that together in the script by talking about how ServiceNow is focused always on the customer first, and we will absolutely continue to do that, and we'll meet our customers where they are always.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure, great. Tyler sorry about that. So, yes, if you think about the elongated deal cycles, I want to be really clear and transparent as I always try to be with you on how we're thinking about the back half. And so we're assuming that we'll have similar trends through Q3 and Q4 on close rates and elongated deal cycles. What we also are trying to emphasize is that the deals aren't going away, right? They're elongated but many of the deals that were elongated in Q2 have already closed in July. And so those digital transformation tailwinds that we talked about the platform relevancy that we continue to talk about is very relevant and as relevant as ever which is why we felt very confident in reasserting our mid and long-term guide of $11 billion by 2024 and $16 billion by 2026. And so close rate we are taking into account the macro environment that we see in place today. Our customers were leaning in more than ever with our customers and we feel good about our revised guidance that we're taking into account everything that we're seeing in the marketplace today. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, sure. So, listen, I think you're absolutely right and we have the flexibility and the ability, given our best-in-class margin structure to be able to lean in with our customers here, right? And so, I want to be clear, it's slightly lower collections, as we think about assisting our customers. And as you think about industries that probably have a little bit of cash flow or built up working capital, given the supply chain constraints, right? So those are the industries that you would expect to see us leaning in with here. But again it's a small impact to our free cash flow margin that, from our perspective, makes complete sense and it's really purely just timing. There's no concerns with respect to any bad debt assumptions or anything like that. It's just about allowing for and leading into a little bit longer payment terms, given the current macro environment. And so, real strength here. It's all about being proactive and working with our customers.
Gina Mastantuono: So, I think, Keith, listen, I'm not guiding to Q4 now. But what I wanted to make the point and I think, what Kash was trying to allude to as well is, is Q3 the bottom when we think about that renewal cohort and how do we think about the back half, right? And so, you could imagine from our slight return to our January revenue guide that we are absolutely continuing. And I was very explicit in my script that we're factoring in throughout the back half of the year slightly longer deal cycles. And so, that will impact Q4 cRPO. But again just a timing perspective, right? Why we are also very confident in reiterating our mid and long-term goals of $11 billion by 2024 million and $16 billion by 2026. So I know you'd love to hear a Q4 guide. Give us a few more months and we'll give it to you then.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So a couple of things. So we talked pretty explicitly about not slowing down hiring on feet-on-the-street go-to-market and on critical R&D resources, but we are being much more mindful and planful of other kind of support types of roles, as well as, if you think about T&E expense, event expense, marketing things, we're not cutting anything that's driving demand. Just being really smart and disciplined keeping the hands on the steering wheel making sure that we're being disciplined about cost, while really not touching our feet on the street or critical fingers on keyboards engineers. 
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks, Keith. On the clarification and I know everyone wanted to get a few for Board guide for me on cRPO. What I will say is that we expect it to reaccelerate from Q3 and we expect it to reaccelerate by at least two points because that's what the renewal cohort is impacting in Q3. 
Gina Mastantuono: The 23.5. The 23.5 that is the constant currency guide for Q2 -- sorry for Q3 we expect Q4 to increase by at least two points from there. 
Gina Mastantuono: So I'll start with the forecast, right? And so we're not assuming a worsening trend in our cRPO guide from what we saw in the last couple of weeks of June. And so the rate of change when the issues start showing up, it was very late in the quarter and we are assuming similar assumptions in Q3 and Q4, so no worsening trends. In fact July looks strong. A lot of those deals have closed. And as Bill articulated some actually closed at a higher bill of materials than initially assumed. And so similar assumptions for Q3 and Q4 and this is after, Alex rigorous analysis of pipeline trends, rigorous analysis by industry. Coverage rate ratios look strong. And so very similar to what we saw in the last couple of weeks of June is our assumption and what we're seeing through July. On the free cash flow, the 30% includes the flexibility that I'm talking about. I do not expect further deterioration from that point.
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks, Alex. Operator We'll take our next question from Brad Sills with Bank of America Securities.
Gina Mastantuono: And I would just add to that, the largest industries we play in if you think about financial services industry – energy, sorry, public sector federal telcom. These are all industries that holds up I know most resilient in these environments. And so, feel really good about the industry perspective. Said Q3 going into Q3 feel really strong. In particular, we had great results and impact even in Q2 in the Fed business. We saw really strong demand for that new solution. So as we're going into Q3, the federal team has ramped up and very excited. And so really across the board from an industry perspective federal, as well as the G2K very strong. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. A few things there. So first of all, you're absolutely correct, right? We talked about 99% renewal rates across the board in every geo in Q2. We're also seeing exactly, what you're seeing on expansion rates, remain extremely high even at our scale even with our customers who have been with us for so long. The reason for that Peter, is exactly what we're talking about. It's the breadth and scope of our incredible product portfolio, right? It's the expansion out of IT, into HR, into customer, into creator. It's about the platform evolution story. And that is more powerful today, than ever before. And so you'll continue to see similar levels of renewal, expansion rates as we continue to innovate, as we continue to make our platform stronger and better and more capable and as we continue to innovate where customers need us and want us to go. 
Bill McDermott: And Kash on the deal sizes, what you're seeing in certain cases is lengthening deal cycles because I call this the great reprioritization where C-level executives are now looking at their business and they're saying, what are the platforms that we will team up with for the next decade? And they are prioritizing that list along the lines of which platforms make me more productive or I can do a lot more with less because the work isn't going away even though you might have less people doing it. The second aspect is, how do I grow? And what channels will I need to innovate in to grow my business? And then finally, how do I differentiate against competition? Every industry has that marquee company that seems to be out front. And lots of times companies either playing catch up or they simply want to have a different level of secret sauce, so they can do something their competitor isn't doing. On all those dimensions, we're now seeing the ServiceNow platform chosen by especially the Global 2000 and that differentiation platform to really get business going either to save money or make money or compete better. And that is big because now we're not talking about a nice-to-have on the employee experience or better customer service management or even low code. We're talking about making that amazing platform the business platform for digital transformation for the world's largest companies. And I think Gina pointed out the $10 million and above growing at 50% year-over-year. So even as you might need to wait a little bit longer in certain cases, when you do it just gets bigger. And Kash, I think this is now the moment where ServiceNow really gets a big, big tailwind from a macro that forces customers to really think deeply about where they're spending their money. And they're not interested in long drawn out projects that might take multiyear to get there. They have to perform for the capital market now. So, we are bringing a calling card with the fastest ROI in the enterprise hard stock. 
Bill McDermott: Brad, it's a great question, and I'll give you a little feel for how confident I am in the field organization. Now first of all, Kevin Haverty, who ran the field organization for over a decade as you know, is still on the executive management team and putting special focus on public sector. Paul Smith, who is an industry veterans running global sales, and he has a very experienced team and a tenured team in Europe, in Asia Pacific and Japan, and of course in the Americas, with our most tenured sales executive, who hits every quarter. So, we have a really, really excellent team on the field. We also have a very diligent attention to detail as we run the business on the ServiceNow platform. That's why we can run so efficiently. And I actually have something we call the CEO of digital dashboard and I have a complete purview on the pipelines across the world. And if you look at them year-over-year, our coverage is better now than it was last year geographically and by industry and by persona. I'm very comfortable with where we're at. And of course, I'm very comfortable with our ability to execute. Furthermore, I just want to give you some transparency on the coverage model. We're doubling down on tiring, as I mentioned. We will have a full capacity to achieve our 23 objectives at the Q4 mark. So, please know that we're covered and that actually intensifies along the lines of each month and this year to actually expand furthermore in our indirect or our digital sales effort. We're doing some very unique things there to not only cover existing, but also to get net new logos. And I did in the midst of the script did mention the Microsoft Azure arrangement where we can actually take advantage of customers that are moving to the cloud and taking advantage of a hyperscaler that's doing very well in the enterprise that's also teaming their sales force up with our sales force to cover net new revenue growth opportunity. This can happen at the IL-5 level. It could happen at the sovereign government level and it can also just happen in net new logos, where our strong market-leading ITSM solution can get many new customers to ServiceNow. It's good for Microsoft. It's good for ServiceNow. And I think it's also a tailwind that isn't really factored into our numbers.
Bill McDermott: Yeah. Thank you very much Raimo I appreciate it. You don't read anything into the perhaps somewhat lumpy details on one workflow versus another in any given quarter. Employee experience is actually gaining momentum and we have a fantastic General Manager of that business who's been with us for many years along with our well-known great leader of engineering CJ it's Blake McConnell I'm talking about. And he's got a great team. We just leveled all of our product reviews about 10 days ago and the prospects in employee and customer is fantastic. We have John Ball, Jon Sigler two industry veterans at the platform and the customer service level, all those businesses are going to be absolutely fantastic. So don't look for one quarter or another to make any inferences. I think the employee experience in a world where headcount is going to be incredibly important as companies decide on their hiring case. They're going to need to create great experiences. They're going to need to aggregate all the services in one portal to give those employees the most productive, futuristic user experience possible to give them all their training and needs and make sure that they're serviced properly. On the customer service side, I just think what we're doing there on the mid and the back office to make the engagement layer come to life is extraordinary. So I really pumped up about us as a platform company. And I think the bigger thing you should read into it is companies now as they go through the great REIT prioritization on looking at things they used to do in the 20th century which is to double click and that's a lot. And how quickly do I realize the benefits from that? And is there a way using the ServiceNow enterprise workflow automation platform that, I can leverage my processes give people a great UI but also get business outcomes faster. And when I say faster, I mean, some of the conversations are in quarter or within half a year. And therefore, I think a lot of pressure would be on companies that tend to take a long time to get the value. The other thing which is new that came up very recently but it's happening. It is companies that are in point solution where the customer says, "I like RPA or I might like process this or AI that." You're basically saying look, are they going to be on my team 10 years from now at the platform. And a lot of them are starting to consolidate those point solutions into the Now Platform and you guys got that covered. And they're getting good economies of scale from ServiceNow when they do that. So again, all of that is new developments where I actually think a macro could lead to a tailwind that's not in the numbers.
Bill McDermott: Yes. And I think if you really look at it Tyler I mean FX side, we always said no one is outrunning the strength of the dollar in this environment and that was pression of course because you've seen that play out in the market. And we also acknowledge that especially in theaters of operation that are more affected by the macro. You'll see a lengthening of the cycle because, especially in markets that have grown accustomed to doing things a certain way. Now, they're in the great reprioritization. There is a time equation there. But there's also an expansion of the power of our platform that's not factored into the numbers and we'll have to see how that plays out in the back half. But what I can tell you is we have a plan. We have a very carefully thought-through plan to actually not only get the deals that may not have come in at the time we wanted them but they come in. But we also have a plan to expedite the ROI conversation at the point of discussion versus the point of proposal to get to the close earlier so companies can factor a larger scale relationship with ServiceNow in. Many of them can't even believe how quickly we can get them to value because they may not be as aware for example of ServiceNow in Frankfurt as they might be in New York City. So, we're making sure that we're bringing all dimensions of fast ROI critical thinking and industry solution-based by persona and dynamite execution in each geo not only with ServiceNow, but also with our partners to deliver that business impact. And what's changed in the environment? You didn't have to have so much on business impact when digital transformation was all the rage you could land and just expand. Now, I think you have to have that conversation especially in the larger transaction and we're very, very well-equipped to do that.
Bill McDermott: And Phil, just on the idea of the global financial crisis and COVID comparing that to this current environment they're all a little bit different, but the one thing that they all have in common is they were absolutely an Elixir for cloud computing. So if you think about the global financial crisis, Phil you remember, I was working with a different software company at that time. And I tell the story in that September quarter how I saw a €1 billion disappears in a day. So it was very sudden. This hasn't been a sudden. And actually COVID evolved a little less suddenly as well. But that was the moment where everything moved to the cloud. Remember, everything became OpEx. All budgets were controlled by the line of business executive. Well now, as you got through the global financial crisis and cloud computing, became the pervasive computing theme of the 21st century, cloud as would got you, through COVID because everybody had to work virtually and you had to enable productivity in a completely digital world because nobody was doing business in person. Again, cloud got you through it. And this one here what you're going to see is cloud just gets reinforced. And I've always said that the infrastructure moves to the cloud, the hyperscalers will all do great in this environment. And then there's only a couple of other SaaS platforms that matter. And while it may be a little bit lumpier in a macro that's reprioritizing things, those five platforms that have been defined by the marketplace will I believe do extremely well in this environment. And it will be yet another proof point that it's all about the cloud.
Bill McDermott: No, no Keith I don't want to miss your opportunity to get something. I just wanted to offer something to build on what Gina is saying like we never talk about this, but we've run the company on the ServiceNow platform. It's not an employee out of almost 20,000 people that know that we have anything, but to ServiceNow platform. So for example when you're hiring it's pretty nice to know in real time where the money is moving in terms of the market and what it takes to hire the best-in-class talent and how you can adjust the ratios of salary versus equity and these kinds of things. That for a large company can be millions and millions of dollars. It's pretty nice to run on a platform that's the leanest in terms of the G&A component of it in the industry. So there are many aspects of the ServiceNow platform that we're actually putting to work on the agility side for the savings that we're putting forward and managing operational excellence can hold our margin rate. And a lot of companies could never do that on the fly. So that's a very interesting observation. The second thing I just wanted to say like, just out of all respect for all shareholders like between love and respect our shareholders, you have no issues with this company on renewals and the cohort from Q3 to Q4. It follows the historical path. It's just that we never outlook that way. So why start now? But I think we should give you every confidence that the company is in great shape and you don't need to lose any sleep. 
Bill McDermott: Yeah. So first of all on our capital allocation strategy, there is no change to the strategy at this time. The $11 billion plus and the $16 billion plus with regards to 2024 and 2026 respectively. As Gina said, we reinforced that that's based upon our current strategy and no change to it. I also would say that we have done tuck-ins and that's business as usual. One of them that is co-fired really is Hitchworks and we did that because the employee experience now matters more than ever. And managing employees and their capabilities to the productivity needs and the project needs that different companies are managing are really, really important priority now. So it's those kinds of things where it makes sense to one of our core platforms. It's what the customer wants. It's the tuck in. That's the kind of thing that we would look to do. I do acknowledge that you bring up a good point. We're in a very strong position when Gina gave you the cRPO with the RPO at $11.5 billion and the cash is $5.4 billion. We know that's only going to grow over time. So we're watching everything. But right now there's absolutely no change to the strategy.
Bill McDermott: And Alex in our customer relationships, the relationship with the customers couldn't be better. If you live a customer set you look at Net Promoter Score, you look at the retention rate the Gina 99-plus. And it's absolutely the standard in the industry. And if you look at Q2 specifically and you say, where did you see what? As Gina has said, last couple of weeks of June, you saw some deals elongate their cycles based upon higher levels of authority having to approve them and you saw that more in Europe than you saw in other geographies. So that's it in a nutshell. And as it relates to the guide the guide like Gina has said assumes a continuation of that to ensure we had this level based on our customers dealing with their macro because that's what enterprise companies do. We serve them so they can serve their customers. And we factored that into the guide again, it's restoring the 2022 guide. We don't know FX is an issue across the industry. And we all know that we've heard our customers are dealing with a tougher macro that's in the numbers. I'm not worried at all about Gina's guide on the Q3 or the cohort conversation going into Q4. We're in great shape. We really are in great shape. So don't take waiting for it a little bit longer as any lack of strength. On the contrary, we're seeing signs that it's making us even stronger.
Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much Brad. There's no question that all of those dimensions are really super important. But this low-code revolution if you think about companies having to build 750 million net new applications in the next two years you have to say that that's one that we should do a call out on especially since we have the best low-code platform in the business. There's nobody that's going to back off on taking care of their customers and having a predictive way of managing their relationships with their customers and to make sure the promise that's made in the engagement layer can be kept in the full value chain of mid and back office operations. So, you deliver the right product at the right price point configurations in the right place at the right time. And then you service that customer and that account very carefully. Every company wants to do that. And I can tell you the employee experiences piece super, super important because you have to make every employee to have more productive. And then if you're not going to have the employee number that you expected because you have to deal with the macro you're going to have to apply automation. So I think this experience of the knowledge worker and how you enable them to work from any place and be extremely happy and productive, because you don't want them to turn over. And certainly you got to get it more out of each one, so you own automation. And I don't think any company will argue with that. And then on the IT side, I mean, it is the marquee jewel of our company and it just keeps chugging along and growing and growing and growing. And one of the areas that has really taken off is asset manager, because companies have to be very careful on how they manage their assets. They have to get all the value out of their assets. So they have to bring their assets in and they have to retire their assets, and they have to do that in a highly sustainable way, which is something that Gina have championed along with CJ for the company on ESG. And that's a really fast-growing business for us. And security operations, if you look at having all security operations on one pane of glass, because security is an issue at the C level in every company. And it's not because they haven't invested. They've invested so much in so many different things that they need one thing that can pull it all together, so they have visibility on an end-to-end basis to secure their operations and that's been just growing so, so fast for us. And I do want to give a shout out to Ben and Lightstep. I mean, the logos that they win is just on real. So when you think of observability and the areas that Lightstep and Ben are driving in the best brands in the world, the most innovative brands in the world is pretty compelling. And again, that's all part of our IT category. So they're all doing very, very well. 
Bill McDermott: Yes. Thank you very much Derrick. As you know this is the time of the year for the government business couldn't be more confident. I could tell you couldn't possibly be more confident and what we're seeing in federal state and local. In terms of our commercial business, very, very good. And if you look at our industries, we're very bullish on all of them. And I'm also very -- I'm very happy that we put industries as a priority for CJ and the whole engineering team to link the industry domain expertise of great development in cloud services to the solution experts that actually interface with the account executive in comporting the best possible, road mapping and account plan for every customer we have including how our partners in ServiceNow deliver that impact of business value. That value chain has fully been realized in its structure and its execution and we actually expect now to start getting some real returns out of that in the back half and beyond. So, we're real strong on all the dimensions that you mentioned. And really, really can't be more confident. 
Bill McDermott: And Peter, one stat that may be interesting to you. Even where we have, as Gina has said, a great customer relationship and we're expanding along the lines of that platform, we're only 15% penetrated. So if you look at the product portfolio and the innovation that's come out of our engineering team, we in every count have so far to go against our bill and material to that road map. And all of that is upside in the Global 2000. And it also gives us permission to take it way beyond the Global 2000 as well, in our commercial business and our kind of inside selling business and some of the partnerships that we've built taking advantage of co-selling, with some of the bigger companies in the world will also be an interesting thing to keep an eye on. :  Thank you.
Bill McDermott: Yeah. Thank you very much, Pat. One of the things I said is I'll be in Japan as we do our Tokyo release. And I'm doing that because Japan is a major market and we intend to treat Japan as one of the most important regions in our company. And that's the world's third largest market as measured by GDP and we intend to do extremely well there. I'll also spend 2.5 weeks going across APJ. I'll be in Europe and obviously across the Americas. So I think the most important thing and I've made this very clear to our management team is to take it to The Street. So I will be taking it to The Street. After we're done with this we have an all hands meeting, where we'll talk to 19-plus thousand of our closest friends, around our great Board meeting and now our wonderful opportunity to talk to our investors and now it's all about the customers. So when we take this level of passion to The Street it's usually very good things happen. 
