Bill McDermott: Thank you very much, Kash. I really appreciate your kind remarks. I think the most important thing I wanted to convey is business continuity, stability, and scale are the things that I'm most in front of right now. We have an excellent team, the go-to-market has been well-thought through, and the team itself is highly stable, and we intend to keep it that way. There are no plans to make coverage changes. What we have is what we want. What we will do is we will take a [bolder] [ph] position on the role that this incredible system of engagement, the system of action called workflow can take in the modern workplace. If you think about the problems that customers are having today, they have many systems of record, and unfortunately, when they try to think about how people work and how people want to work, they don't have the workflow that enables a team to really set on a course of executing a simple business process. With ServiceNow, that all changes, and you can see the impact that we've had on the employee with employee service delivery, you can see the impact that we've had on customer service management, and many of the big companies in the world today are figuring this out pretty quickly. So, we will go to market as we are today in the various geographies. We can expand our footprint. We clearly are going to focus on industries such as banking and telco. I referenced a few partner examples, you know we're doing very well and regulated, you can see that in the public sector in the United States, you can see that in Australia, where we're bringing in large deals, and I'm really encouraged right now with what we're doing in buying centers, because as you know, Kash, to expand as an end-to-end solution provider in the enterprise the backbone is IT, which is unique to ServiceNow, because every company wants to be a tech company, actually every company would ideally like to be a software company, but it all starts with that tech backbone, and we can carry that. We've proven it to HR, we've proven it to customer service management, we can prove it with the COO, we can prove it with the risk and compliance folks, and of course, we can also now prove it with CEOs, and I'm in particular excited about that because the rolodex that I have has been calling on me, asking me for new and innovative ways to help them either take cost out with better workflow, or bring in more revenue and growth, because they can manage their business more effectively. So, good news for the shareholder, no territory changes, no disruption, it's only on top value add for growth.
Bill McDermott: Sure, thank you so much, Michael. Well, first of all, the platform is very unique in the sense that, as you mentioned is one architecture, one data model, this is really a pristine platform that's fully integrated on our own code base. In fact, even when M&A moves took place, they were re-platformed onto the Now platform. So we have a really, really very, very clean company here, and as an example, even in the tuck-in M&A moves that we made, it was all about strengthening and making the platform even more robust for our customers. For example, in natural language capabilities or in AI operations, business continuity, it's all strengthening the argument of that strong platform. We have to make that an easy platform to consume for business analysts and technologists alike. So, that's one aspect of the growth strategy, and the other is to build applications on top of that platform. You know, I was working with one CEO who was very interested in having a rewards program built on the platform, but he wanted to do it in a couple of days or a week, as opposed to years, and he didn't want a team of consultants to have to do it. You wanted his own business analysts people to do it, and of course, we were able to do that for him in a few days on the Now platform. So, think of it as expandable on many dimensions. If you think about technology people, you think about analysts, if you think about business people, they're all going to build magic workflows on this magic platform to create immense productivity and growth in their digital transformation strategy. The other thing that's kind of interesting is, you know, Kash mentioned the kind of system of record players that are in the marketplace, and one of the very large systems integrators told me, and I did mention that in my remarks, that we view this as this unbelievable cross platform integration engine for the modern enterprise, because there're so many disconnected workflows and processes that this can be the glue that puts it all together. So, all those dimensions spell growth, we've actually even simplified it, we made the consumption of it easier, the pricing of it easier, and we just left our all companies sales kickoff meeting in Las Vegas, and people are more fired up than ever before about the growth prospects on the platform.
Bill McDermott: Yes. So, one thing is kind of interesting, just on the partners in general, we have had numerous meetings with CEOs and Chairman of the largest partner firms in the world. In fact, they've been very kind. They've actually even come to Santa Clara, and most of them have come in with very robust ideas on what's possible, and none of them have left without at least adding a billion to the numerator of what they think is absolutely achievable with ServiceNow. So, some of these investments are in industries. For example, think about workflows that are industry based, that are focused on specific domains of the industry or the sub-vertical, and then think about how that could be personalized to the various personas in the operation. Again, the Now platform comes shining through here, because of its capabilities, and the IT backbone, and the nature of connecting workflows across various buying centers, and they're very interested in the industry, the sub-industry vertical, and the buying center approach, and we're trying to do a very good job of giving partners the ability to innovate, co-innovate with us in the customer, and to grow, and we're doing this across all the geographies of the world, or we might have a certain partner in a certain geography in a certain industry, and we could be very specific, but again, it's all about growth, it's all about opportunity, and it's all about honesty, open collaboration, and real trust with the partners, and the good news is they all know me. So they know we don't break promises around here, which is very helpful.
Bill McDermott: Yes. I mean, first of all, regarding Loom, right, so this is really extending our core. So, if you think IT Service Management, IT Operations Management, this is essentially giving ServiceNow customers the ability to prevent and resolve IT issues before they actually become problems, right? So, IT departments today want to proactively pinpoint and resolve operational issues. They don't want problems. They want predictive analytics. The other thing is if you look at Gartner and I do value very much what they say. They thought it was a very, very giant step forward in really making our ITSM platform, that that AI operations engine of the enterprise, and we received a lot of positive commentary, but we also made moves as you know, with natural language capabilities and business continuity, and we're doing this all with the intent of strengthening the platform, but our core is our core. I gave you an outline of our strategy, and for now, we'll leave it at that.
Bill McDermott: Yes. So, I mean, I think it's very, very good question, actually. So, if you look at this company, first of all, let's just baseline the company, if you take a look at some of the data I saw from Morgan Stanley as an example, if you were just to automate kind of a manual or paper-based processes in the enterprise, you have a TAM in the United States alone of more than $225 billion. If you think about that on an international level, you can climb up to $400 billion pretty quickly. So, all these businesses can be really, really big businesses, and we don't think of any business right now, in terms that are less than a billion. So, as you think about our mentality and just running the company, if we look at something, it's got a billion-dollar tag on it. And ITOM, what I'm impressed with this in particular, is it's growing so fast. So, in each year that you think of us, it'll much more than double. So, anything that much more than doubles within a year get so super excited. We're also seeing very large deals. In the quarter, we closed five that were bigger than a million, and essentially within the ITOM category 15 of the top 20 deals that we did had ITOM in the bill materials. So, this one could be a biggie.
Bill McDermott: It's a really great question, Brad. Thank you very much for your very kind words. First, I'd like to acknowledge Fred Luddy, because our Founder did an amazing job of not only building a platform with the customer's interests in mind, and that true empathy for the customer, but that became a pervasive culture in this company. Everybody shows an enormous empathy for the customer regardless of the department that they serve within the company. So, that is really positive, and I mentioned on my two predecessors in my remarks, I give Frank Slootman a lot of credit for taking Fred's invention, and scaling that at an important time in the company's history, and I gave my great friend John Donahoe amazing accolades for the job that he did in scaling it yet again, post Frank, to get it to where it is, at this point, and my job is to take it now and scale it to be the defining enterprise software company in the 21st Century, and I intend to do just that as we go for 10 billion and way beyond. So, what did I pick up along the way? Number one, culture, culture, culture. This culture is amazing, it's exciting, it's humble, and it always wants to keep getting better. Nobody here is looking for a pat on the back too long. They want to know what they could do to get better, and I love that. The second thing is the customers love us. I mean, it's amazing, not only in the loyalty rates that you see, which is the best in the business, but literally, I went to several cities, met so many customers, I'm now going on a world tour, we will hit three continents in the next 11 days, and I'll see many, many more customers, in addition, I will have at that point then touched every single person personally in the company, which is cool, because that's more than 10,300 people, and what you find is the customers they just love this company, and the products work, and we do what we said we do. They just want us to keep doing more, and in fact one of the things that I learned, and that I think I can help bring to the equation because you asked me for observations where I could also, perhaps find something that wasn't perfect or add some value, it's really in this maneuver to the C-suite, because if you meet the CEOs, I'm very used to meeting them, they would say I haven't had a call from ServiceNow, but that's after I just got done meeting with the CIO, the COO, and they told me how much they love ServiceNow. So, I think we can really broaden the perimeter with the buying centers. I think the expansion geographically is still there for us. There's a big opportunity in the Middle East. We have plenty of opportunities to expand in Europe. Latin America is still young. Japan is a big market for us. We're just going into Korea in a big way. So, all of that is there and more. So I would say of all the things I've ever seen, I'm so impressed with the culture, the idea of getting better, having an incredibly loyal customer base, and now we're moving to the C-suite in industry and buying center, and we're doing that with the ecosystem in mind, because I think there's an amazing force multiplier that comes ServiceNow's way with the expansion of our partners, and being a good partner is essential to being a defining enterprise software company in the 21st Century. So that is kind of where I'm going, and finally, please let me say one thing on behalf of my colleagues, the engineering pride in this company, the focus on products, when I talked to CJ or I talked to anybody on the P4, even when we get in front of the Board of Directors, we're talking product, we're showing demos, we're looking at the next generation of what's possible, we're rethinking the way work is done in enterprises, because we know people have so much to improve upon, but we do that not with PowerPoints, not with big slideshows, but we do this with product.
Bill McDermott: Absolutely. So, first of all, Keith, thank you very much for noticing that because I like you have never seen a truly great company that doesn't have a great core, and we're proud of the core we like who we are very much here, and if you look at kind of the path of this 14 of the Top 20 deals included three or more IT products in the sale, ITSM is really on fire. I mean 16 deals were a million or more in the quarter with ITSM and 17 of the top 20 deals included ITSM. We talked about ITOM earlier, and of course ITOM, I made comments of it. I mean like we're growing that business like 51% in a quarter. So it's going extremely well, we had five ITOM deals that were greater than a million and there were 15 of the top 20, 15 in top 20 deals that ITOM. So then I said to myself, what about ITAM, I mentioned as you know the Veteran Affairs situation and we close two deals that were very, very sizable in the ITAM category. So what's the point of all this? The point of all of this is, our solutions are better together. And everything pivots from that back home IT core. And when we carry that back home IT core into the other domains of the enterprise, everything gets better. And that's why, I even explain to other enterprise software companies that are systems of record out there, we just make you better because what we do in our core emulates across all the buying centers on an end-to-end workflow level. And that just makes all of the partners that we have whether they're technology partners, or Systems Integration partners that much stronger, the growth in front of us with ITSM Pro and all the value add that we're putting into the platform will keep this company's core growing solid for years and years and years to come.
Bill McDermott: Great, great, well actually in July, we announced a new partnership with Microsoft in which we'll be hosting ServiceNow instances in Azure. And the initial focus there is on public sector in the U.S. specifically, but also Australia. So we believe other highly regulated industries globally could also benefit from this focus. But of course, it's early days, I consider Satya personal friend, I consider Azure an amazing platform, and Microsoft they're a great company. I can tell you that I'm convinced we'll do big things there. I'm also convinced that my phone has been literally ringing off the hook with other very large companies that want to do more with ServiceNow. So we're open for business. We're opening for partnerships. And my advice to the partners out there is, don't waste too much time. We're on a move.
Bill McDermott: Sure, maybe I'll start big picture. And then, Gina, I'm sure would love to add some value to this. So we're at the point now where we're investing in engineers and obviously, we're investing in channels that grow our company. And we're trying to keep it as lean as we can on the G&A side and let our great workflow technology keep it simple, keep us highly productive. So the margin expansion story can obviously be there. But we've been adding headcount commensurate with growth, and we're not going to get headcount in front of growth. So that's just kind of big picture. It's a pretty disciplined company. And we're going to keep it that way. For example, as I look at margin leverage and how we can improve, I think about keeping the company simple and simple things like we're a bigger company now, we got unbelievable customer loyalty. How do we make a frictionless company possible for our customers, so renewals are smooth, up-sell and cross-sell is simple and everybody in the company no matter what job it is, we can look at the revenue per employee scorecard and say we keep getting better, and in particular, we'd like to see that in sales. So for example, you're very aware of what we do with very large enterprises and large enterprises and how we cover our commercial space, but we're doing more and more with account development reps to drive pipeline, we're doing more and more on the inside sales level. So we can have a better return on our investment with sales headcount, and really drive on not just loyalty, but net new logos which remain a very strong focus for this year. So, count on us to get the top line and make sure while we're doing is the revenue per employee scorecard keeps going up.
Bill McDermott: Yes, well, thank you very much, Tom. So first of all, I want to acknowledge that the systems of record that are out there need not worry about ServiceNow not being a good friend and a good partner. I think there're plenty of acknowledgements that customers have made substantial investments in these systems of record, and we respect that fully. And we feel very strongly that what we do with workflow and the nature of that can really add significant value actually to the system of record. So specifically, there was a very large airline that I called upon. And they were trying to do some very unique things, which if they were going through an upgrade cycle on a back office system of record, it would have been a very time consuming endeavor. But it was something that was mission critical, it was a real system of action they needed, we were able to provide that in less than 30 days. So that's just adding value to the system that's already there, not taking anything away from it, very important. As it relates to the Financial Close product, we have to have a leader on that and focus on that. It is an outstanding product. We have a very large pipeline for that, and we intend to pursue that vigorously in the marketplace. It's really baked in terms of math on that.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Samana. Thank you very much for your question. First of all, there was zero contribution from any of the small tuck-ins to the revenue numbers that Gina and I reported to you today, zero. Secondly, the company has benefited and will continue to benefit from organic growth. There is a very large runway in front of us or organic growth. And when you consider the unique platform that we have, its ability now to move throughout the globe and into industries and new buying centers, there's just so much runway on an organic basis. So, therefore the tuck-in strategy is something that adds technology and value to the customer relationship, creates a larger moat for our best-in-class platform is the kind of thing that you should expect. At this stage, there are no large deals that are on the table, and if we were to consider something of that nature, I give you my word, I would spend enormous amount of time with the committee on that with our strategy folks, with our engineering folks, and we would pressure test that was finance, and look at that from every single angle before we actually even seriously consider it. So, we are really an organic growth company with small tuck-in as our preferred option at this stage, and it wouldn't change unless there is something dramatically interesting that would greatly benefit our customers and shareholders, and at this time, there are nothing of that kind on the table.
Bill McDermott: Thank you very much, John. I'm really excited about CSM. I'm excited about it, because I like swimming in big ponds, and that's the big TAM. What we are extremely good at is -- think of it this way, there is really three layers within customer service management that matter to the customer. One is the engagement layer, you know, do you know who I am, and can you have a multi-channel strategy around creating value with me? The second is really huge operational things that go on in the mid and the back office as it relates to workflow in providing the customer an excellent service. For example, we work with one healthcare agency this quarter that had 50 million claims that we're managing for them with service management. On the service management layer, if you think about field service for example, there is a high-tech company that has thousands of field service personnel in the field that are working with the Now platform on a mobile level with a gorgeous user experience, so their technicians can get the job done, and what I see especially with large workforces, especially if they're not extremely digital, they really benefit from how simple and consumer grade and mobile our application is. So, think of us as field service with service management more broadly, because we can get to the root causes of things like no other company can. That's what our platform is still to do. Think of operations we have, [technical difficulty] and on the engagement layer, there's some a lot going on in the media industry, and you know, there is one example where we have 20 million users engaging us, and we actually had 100,000 concurrent users touching on one of our applications within the first five minutes that they went live. So, we scale. So, we could do engagement, other people are there too, we can do operations like no one else, and we can do service management like no one else, or we can do all three. My opinion, the folks that are doing engagement should try to team up with ServiceNow, because -- and the operations in the service management side we are the best. We could do it all. So, you probably better off partnering with us if you have any doubts about what you should do with ServiceNow.
Bill McDermott: Closing remarks, I just like to thank everybody for joining us. Exceptionally proud of the 10,300 plus professionals of ServiceNow for the job that they did. I'd like to thank Gina for her leadership, and I'd like to thank especially my great friend, John Donahoe for the wonderful hand-off that he gave me in coming into the company, for the Board support, especially our Founder, and I'd just like to thank all of you for the confidence that you demonstrated in our company. We are just getting warmed up. We are fired up. We are ready to go.
Sarah Hindlian: Hi, thank you very much. First off, congrats to you both on your first quarter, welcome, and we hit it out of the park.
Sarah Hindlian: I have a couple of questions. First, Bill, hey, nice to meet you -- and first, Bill, you mentioned that you were growing quite sizable in HR and CSM, which is really nice to hear, but I was wondering if you can give us some color around how big ITOM is getting, and even how large you could see it growing as you start to integrate Loom and other such technologies, given how big the TAM is? And then I have a follow-up to Gina when you're finished.
Sarah Hindlian: All right, thank you, that's very helpful. Good to hear. Gina, nice to meet you, and welcome. We were really curious about your new verticalization strategy, and I know Bill touched on this a bit on the call, but we've really seen this be a critical tipping point to growing very large industry businesses for SaaS vendors in the past. So, I was wondering how long we should expect the ramp of your new vertical practices to take, and maybe if we should even expect somewhat of a small or concurrent rise in S&M along with this move. Thank you, and congrats.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure. Thank you so much, and I'm looking forward to meeting you as well in person. So, first of all, to reiterate what Bill said, industries are critical to our growth, and the vertical strategy is something that we're very focused on. We do not expect, however, to be adding huge overlay types of sales folks throughout the organization. So, we do not expect there to be a huge increase in sales and marketing as a percent of sales -- as a percent of revenue. We do expect that we will invest here, we will invest smartly, and disciplined, and we do expect that with the material and with our workflow products that this will ramp, but from a timing perspective, we haven't modeled that out, but it's something that we're very focused on, we are investing, so we do not expect to see significantly higher investment as a percentage of revenues for total sales and marketing.
Gina Mastantuono: And I'll just add to that, we will continue to invest in the right places, but it's a very disciplined approach to investing. From a sales and marketing perspective, we will absolutely expect to see some leverage from productivity and sales, we will double and be investing in other areas, we'll also invest in brands. From an overall perspective, we expect some leverage and obviously we've guided to the total overall margin for the year.
Gina Mastantuono: No, I'll say listen, 97% renewal rate remains industry leading and very strong. We're really proud of that. The most common reasons why customers doesn't renew is usually through M&A in consolidation. We're not seeing more customers choose not to renew because of anything with respect to pricing or lack of value at all.
