Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much John and hello everyone. First and foremost, allow me to congratulate John Donahoe, a great friend and enormously successful CEO on his personal accomplishment to become the CEO of Nike, an iconic brand. No one is more deserving than you John. And it's an honor to follow in your footsteps. I made my decision to open the next chapter of my career with ServiceNow. Way of background, I was with SAP for 17 years. I was CEO for 10 years. In that 10-year time horizon, we moved the market cap from $39 billion to $163 billion. We either doubled or tripled or quadrupled revenue profits, the number of customers that we serve around the world. Our last count was in the order of 450,000 customers around 193 countries. I believe strongly that at this particular time rather than renew for another five years, it was proper to say 10 years is good principal and I passed at the time to two excellent leaders that are now co-CEOs of SAP and I'm very proud of them and I'm looking forward to their continued success of SAP, a really wonderful company, a great experience, and to my friends at SAP, thanks so much and we'll continue to do great job in the next couple of months. As it relates to ServiceNow, why ServiceNow? First and foremost, the culture of ServiceNow is truly special. As I think about John Donahoe and what he's been able to accomplish and the amazing legacy of Fred Luddy and how he has set the tempo for really humble and hungry employees serving customers in the absolute best way possible and this idea of making work, work better for people is so human and so necessary in today's enterprise where customers more and more are looking for a true partner that really deeply cares. With that to ServiceNow, John continued that proud tradition and it's an honor for me to be humble and hungry and truly honored by this opportunity. I will give it everything I have. I'd also like to thank Jeff Miller, the lead Director and the Board of Directors for their support. What a Board of Directors ServiceNow has as well. I met the management team, John was kind enough to have us over is home. I met each one of them. Also the VPs across the company and as John said, we're well on our way to closing the CFO search and I think you'll be very pleased with the outcome -- outstanding candidates indeed. Now, if I was in your shoes, what would I want to hear from Bill McDermott? I would want to hear Bill, what about this $10 billion path that John Donahoe and the ServiceNow management team have been discussing? Well, let me answer that very simply. I completely buy in, stand by it, and I'm looking forward to achieving it. What about all the commitments including the financial commitments of the company on the revenue as well as the margin expansion story? Are you in on that too? 100%. That the customer commitments and the bright future of ServiceNow could not possibly be more in focus for me. I have already sold houses, bought houses, enough land move from my family and I am and I am a 100% in, and I'm looking forward to doing things that have never been accomplished before, because I am doing it off of a base that is just truly incredible. So, we are going to set the standard and be the most admired business-software company in the world. And I am fired-up and I can't wait to get started. Thank you, John.
Bill McDermott: John, I see exactly the same thing as you're seeing and you're absolutely right. The tailwind behind digital transformation and the cloud in in particular is evident in strong companies. So if there was going to be any step back anywhere, it will be in commodity hardware players or commodity players in tech. The high value digital transformation companies they're adding real business value, will continue to prosper because without the digital transformation card, it's a little hard to compete and win in this digital economy. So if I look at the pipelines, they look strong and they look ever consistent which is why we strongly reiterated guidance today.
Bill McDermott: Sure. I mean I think first and foremost, Alex, you have a great organic growth storage here. The pristine nature of this platform and the revenue that this platform alone can begin to drive is a real growth story in and of itself. And then when you think about the solution set that ServiceNow has, there's plenty of room within the context of these solutions to grow them in different geographies; obviously, same account revenue growth as you get more and more customers to buy the complete solution set. And of course, putting an industry flavor to things will also be quite helpful. And that flavor can then be personalized to different buying centers and you can use different channels to get at that in the marketplace. So lots of room to grow organically. I really believe that I said this to John many times. I believe ServiceNow is in the privileged position of being a platform --of the platforms, because when you look at the business process and the workflow that goes on and enterprises today. Everybody has this deep need to get the data aggregated in a workflow that creates simplicity for the users. And the more we can reinvent business processes in the image of the actual users themselves, the more we can become the defining platform of the platform for the modern enterprise. So I think the organic growth story here is just amazing and it's only just begun. I would also say, I've learned a lot and I've seen a lot of different business models, and the company, I work for very hard, had a very different business model at ServiceNow. Now this is a pure play cloud and when you do a tuck-in, if that's necessary because it has extreme value to the customer. Then you would certainly make sure that its integrated beautifully into the Now Platform. So you make sure this stays very simple and extremely easy to use, so more and extensibility can be realized by the developer community, the customers themselves and our great engineers. One of the things that, I've been blown away by is just how strong the engineering talent and leadership business at ServiceNow. So when I see that kind of talent. I start to feel really strong about organic growth. And I do want to underscore the go-to-market machine is equally up to the task. This is an outstanding leadership team here. I'm really impressed.
Bill McDermott: Sure, John. So I think the disruption is, obviously, very well in hand. Thank you, John. And regarding the internal models and the things that have been built here, they're doing things very well. I mean, when I look at the org chart or I look at the way the sales force is set up, or the way the channel management's strategy is done it's very good. The question becomes can we do more and can we make it even better? And the answer is of course. That's why I'm here, because I see a great opportunity. But I see innovation without disruption. I see a way that we can layer in some added focus to give the solutions a richer context around the buying centers or around the scientific methodology to deliver the value. So we can have even new hires, look like they've been on the job for a long time. But this is systemic. It's something that's been done before and we'll do it the ServiceNow way. But all-in-all, I am very, very pleased with everything I have seen from the management team and it's just about a continuous evolution. We do not need to disrupt this place. We do not need to revamp territory coverage. We do not need to break customer relationships. This is going to be very smooth transition. And John and I are very similar in terms of how we look at the world, the value set that we have, the way we treat people, the way we value customers, the way we think about running companies. So you're not going to see a big change here. You're going to see a continuous evolution of a great thing.
Bill McDermott: Sure, John. As John said, I am like-minded with John. We're very similar executives in the sense that we recognize the power of power. And last year I think we had something like 34 heads of state types of meetings around the world. And on the CEO front, one of the things that brought John and I together over the years is the CEO meetings that I host and I was very fortunate to have John join me. And as an example, we have one coming up in November, where there'll be 100 CEOs from around the world and some and of the biggest business cards in the world. And we do this on SAP does SAP does this not only in United States but also in Europe and Asia. So the rolodex is really strong and I believe that John and I had kind of executives that work our heart out to help hard-working CEOs solve mission-critical business problems so they can help their customers be successful. And that's the attitude we kind of bring to those relationships. When we make promises we keep promises. So it's really been an honor to operate at that level. And the altitude of there is nice and clear and it helps the conversations down below to take place faster, better and bigger. So that kind of where we run it.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Chris, it's a great question, right? Because one of the power pieces of this whole equation is that this is a native born in the cloud company. And it's a company with a great platform and enormously successful products and very, very happy customers. The loyal employees are -- is also significant as John mentioned. If you put all that together, this is an organic growth story. And when you have an organic growth story and you can evolve that over time, there's plenty of growth from the core on an organic basis where you cannot only grow the revenue at a rate that's pleasing to the capital markets, but also you can expand the margins. And we can be very discerning as to what tuck-in we may or may not choose to do on that basis because we want to do both. We want to both grow the topline and we want to evolve the margin expansion story of the company because we can. So, you should expect me to stay very in concert with John's strategy. You should expect a tremendous amount of continuity between everything that John has told you. It's one of the reasons I'm here by the way because I believe in John and I believe in the management team on what they've been doing and we're going to evolve that. But I also learned a lot of lessons too because other companies who don't have such a pleasing business model, have to do perhaps more M&A that would be negative to the operating margin expansion, at least for some period of time. Here, I think we can balance this out pretty nicely.
Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much. I am really, really excited. Also I'm very excited for John, and I think it's so nice that you all recognize what a great man he is and deserving years of an iconic brand like Nike and vice versa. So it's really great. What have I seen that might be transferable here? First of all, they are doing a lot of things extremely well. It's really more a matter of scale and some of the things that we had to do to scale there for example a value engineering methodology, where you could have a proven science around the value you create for an enterprise and the manner in which you personalize that to buying centers in a way that's compelling and highly repeatable and differentiated by industry. So that's one clear example. Another clear example is the way you broaden the perimeter. Right now, I believe that the TAM of ServiceNow is limitless, in the sense that, if you really think about how broken most enterprises are and how net up the workflow and business processes are in most companies and how unpleasant using these old systems are for the users. We literally could create a revolution, where the business users in the enterprise demand ServiceNow get the story straight by aggregating the workflow of these various platforms. I'm not sure that any work has actually been done on identifying the size of that TAM, but I believe it's only limited by one's imagination. We heard also, earlier today the idea of how we could expand in Europe and John talked about how many million dollar deals are now happening in the European theatre, perhaps there is a few place within Germany and France in certain areas of Europe where the relationship plans can be appreciated in a positive way for ServiceNow. But that certainly isn't limited there, you have Korea you have other parts of Asia, where we could be very interesting based on international business and global companies and prior history. And then I think one of the colleagues also brought up, how you can move the company into different markets based on the dynamics of the size of the customer, the size we established. I think we're focused on 5,000 employees and better now, when you go to 4,000 to 3000 that creates yet another opportunity. And finally, I think the team has done a great job here of expanding the ecosystem. but if you look at the ecosystem and the relationships that I have in the ecosystem there maybe a value play here or there with some of the partners not just the biggest ones, but also the mid-sized ones around the world. So all-in-all I mean, this is like one of those dream of a lifetime opportunities and my problem is that my feet just haven't touched the ground. I'm just walking on air.
Bill McDermott: Yes, John. I think you said it beautifully. I mean, the idea is within the context of these systems, be it financial systems, capital management systems, even if you think about supply chain systems and manufacturing systems there are areas of the workflow that are not meeting the modern needs of the modern user. And we are in a hold position to architect that workflow in a way that's highly pleasing to lighthouse customer and then that is transferable from that lighthouse customer at the high end to many other customers around the world. And you could certainly segment that by industry. And then you really start to think about that by buying center. And if I learn anything along the journey, it's the empathy that goes into the initial meeting because it's preprogrammed, it's outside and manufactured and it's choreographed in such a way where even people that might be fairly new at the company or people that are looking to up their game have the tools in their hands to do a great job for the customer. And the more we can do that in a way that doesn't require somebody of John's caliber, but somebody that's just carrying a bag to the extent they can do that, you start to get mass scale. Furthermore, I just want to say, I have spoken with the co-CEOs of SAP, whom I'm working with in friendship by the way in achievement of their goal as well. It's really a beautiful situation, where everybody really does care genuinely about the other and we have an affinity for SAP from ServiceNow's perspective and ServiceNow has, I mean, SAP has a very strong relationship and affinity for ServiceNow. They told me that. So I spoke with Jennifer Morgan and Christian Klein. Christian Klein is you or may not know was the lead decision-maker and actually choosing ServiceNow to run the IT operations of SAP because there was huge value creation for SAP by doing that. And we talked about the importance of this partnership and what could be done in the open market. So I actually think that you should really takeaway from this. But again, it's a great foundation that's already in place that can be built upon.
Bill McDermott: Well, Tom, thank you very much for the question. And I'm really happy you asked that question, because you've given me an opportunity to kind of set the record straight. Because ServiceNow is not SAP and SAP is not ServiceNow. These are entirely different companies at entirely different stages of their evolution and they have very different business models. So what I believe is that SAP did a great job of taking the core and expanded the perimeter into the cloud through strategic M&A. That was done very effectively. But as you know, when you do M&A you also have to integrate M&A and you have to put all the pieces together over time, because you want to make sure that customer relationship is absolutely best-in-class. So you have to walk and shoot gun, right? You have to get revenue right, the margin profile right, but also the happy and loyal customers. And I think SAP has done a very good job with that. On the ServiceNow side, with the way we're positioned and the literally immaculate nature of this amazing platform and these solutions that the whole world needs and it's a matter of expanding the solution set, it's a matter of getting to new customers, the new geography, expanding the industry, expanding maybe the market profiles, but it's all there. All the pieces are there and the TAM for being the platform of the platform and really working through that workflow scenario, where we can continue to build. We have developers that can build solutions. We have customers that can build their own solutions on the platform. We can literally take customers build solutions and make them commercially viable successes all over the world. So this is a juggernaut waiting to happen on its own organic means. Now to the extent we weren't to do strategic M&A and I'm just giving you my bias, again this is not a decision this is just what I honestly think from the answer to question is that, I would be very careful with it. You should do tuck-ins where it's in the best interest of the customer and obviously the shareholder. But it should never affect the pristine nature of this platform, because I think our customers are really relying on ServiceNow for that simple, beautiful, gorgeous user experience and they really expect us to be so perfect with the workflow and so pleasing that they just walk away from the relationship after the transaction and say, I can't wait to do another one. Keep making me happy, keep me loyal. And that is the culture here that is super powerful and I would never want to do anything to jeopardize that.
John Donahoe: Great, Bill. Thank you. So let's just I need to say one more thing before we turn it over to questions. Bill and I want to be crystal clear. We get, it's Q4. We get, we want a strong end of the year. We are both fully committed to ensuring a high quality and smooth transition. I don't start my new role to mid-January, so I am committed to be fully accountable in this role at ServiceNow until Bill completes his transition at SAP and is fully in the job. So in the meantime, you can assure that both of us have a deeper sense of responsibility and accountability on behalf of our customers, partners and employees to ensure a smooth hand-off in a strong Q4. So with that, operator you can now open the line for questions.
John Donahoe: And now I'll try just to add to that you asked about European specific. It's so funny because we have to remind ourselves every now and then. We have the challenge everyone else wants to have. Scaling 30% a year, while growing so you've got to scale and grow a go-to-market team that has a growing number of account reps, product line specialists, solution architects and consultants. But it's some industry overlay. And then you do it across multiple countries in Europe, and as I said, I was in Europe last week and that team is really, really coming together and humming. We have a new leader in the U.K. who quite strong, from the VMWare all across Europe. I think our team is really coming together. So we had a lot of changes in the first half of the year, just as we layered in, a lot of new people. But those teams are coming together and on several customer calls, those the teammates are working seamlessly on behalf of our customers.
John Donahoe: So Bill, why don't I, maybe just give a quick context because Brad, I think I think there have been a couple of things written recently. There are a little bit misleading. So it is actually true that Mike start probably delays. The only member of our senior leadership team, our overall attrition rate as a company is I think in all is an industry low and it is the same this year as it was last year. On sales leadership, we have had of our top 100 sales leaders, three have left. So yes, three sales leaders have left to go Snowflake. 97 have not and we have a strong deep sales bench and it was not the Head of North America. It was some are working, running our commercial business and another North American role. And so we have a strong team. There's not a lot of departures. By the way some are saying, all the others that joined Salt Lake, they all left ServiceNow well before 18 months ago. And so we are very focused as a lot of people are very excited here about the momentum, about the prospects and the opportunity. And so I think that's the starting point, and then Bill you can talk about scaling and adding to that.
John Donahoe: Brad, I just want to underscore how smart you are to say that. I look at quite a few different things in quite different sectors. This was by far the most interesting sighting opportunity of a lifetime. And so I'm glad to see we're on the same sheet of music and I look forward to being great friends going forward.
John Donahoe: Yes, Karl. So, we've been saying all year long that we continue to see great seasonality in the business and so Q4 is increasingly important. Frankly, we've had visibility into this all year long that the Q4 pipeline looks strong. And part of that I think frankly is as we become more strategic and have larger deals, I think customers have a little bit of an inclination that the larger deals tend to get down more in their last quarter of their year because they're confident they can fund it. And I just remind you from a billings standpoint, 50% of Q4 billings is contracted backlog. The second next big piece is renewal, so we know we have great visibility into renewals coming into Q4 and given our very high renewal rate that gives us confidence. And frankly, the smallest portion of our Q4 pipeline -- or a small portion of our overall billings is net new ACV. Now, we've got a strong pipeline, we do bring up a strong net new ACV quarter, but it's -- remember the foundation of the contracted backlog and the renewals, we have great visibility going into the quarter. So, that said, in every quarter heads down, focused, working with our customers.
John Donahoe: Yes. Well, I mean first of all, it's really a privilege position to be focused on large and still have so much room to grow. And there's nothing wrong with being very focused and segmented on large when you're putting up these kind of numbers. So let me first in high respect say good for to ServiceNow and good for the engineers making products that those big companies need to complete their digital transformation. I really mean that. It's a focused company. It's a really good thing. Now, can you take this down market? Absolutely. And the question then becomes between spreading your wings in the large space and taking it down a little bit in the channel strategy that you approach that with and the cost of sales that you work that with, are all items that we'll be discussing in the coming weeks. And of course we'll talk about it at the annual guidance as we go into next year. But theoretically, it looks like another big opportunity for ServiceNow.
John Donahoe: And Bill by the way brings a lot of experience in that space and will bring additional perspective and insight and frankly, both of those spaces can build almost unique -- anybody in the industry has played for years in almost all the major buying standards inside of the company. And I've been so struck in our conversation, he see scenes I didn't know exists. He know all the scenes in between the software is where this unmet need and opportunity because of his broad experience across all about buying centers in each of these areas. And so I think ServiceNow is going to -- he's going to bring even additional insight and energy to these new areas.
John Donahoe: Yes, Derrick just a general availability. We are still working on the next-generation implementations of our existing customers. So those I think come along well. And here's what's interesting, the biggest initial interest is from some of our SI's. And so as I think you know we have an explicit partnership with the White, for instance, around -- because they see how many of their clients need this capability. In many ways it's one of those themes I was talking about earlier. There's great software in the finance world. Bill knows it. Bill forgot more about than I know. But from everything we hear, they'll be seeing that our weathers is on structured workflow by closing the books, and so our SI's have given us a very strong indication they want to be part of go-to market solution and that's great, because we don't have long, deep relationships to date in the finance department. And so Bill you've got lots of experience in that world, so.
John Donahoe: All right. Well, everyone, I hope you got a good flavor of why I'm personally, the Board and organization is so excited to have Bill onboard, rest assured, heads down focusing on Q4 and a lot of momentum into 2020. So thanks for joining us in today's call.
