Michael Scarpelli: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer. Our press release and a simultaneous broadcast of this call can be accessed at investors.servicenow.com. We will make forward-looking statements on this conference call such as those using the words may, will, expects, believes, or similar phrases, to convey that information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties, and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Michael Scarpelli: This quarter, FX really impacted us quite a bit, given the movement you saw. I think the euro was around 1.21 at the end of December. It’s down to 1.08 now. And we saw a lot of movement. Remember, 30% of our billings are in foreign currencies as well. Our international operations, our functional currency is the euro, so that really impacts us quite a bit. And as a result, we think it’s more meaningful to factor in that FX, and you picked that up in the cash flow statement. And going forward, that is the way that we will do it. Historically, there wasn’t that much of a difference between the two.
Michael Scarpelli: We took down our internal plan for the balance of the year approximately an additional $6 million based upon just our backlog in deferred revenue for revenue. There’s also, remember, a big chunk of our new business is in foreign currencies, and that’s reflected as well in the guidance that we gave. But specifically, for backlog and deferred revenue, it was about another $6 million as of March 31 that we took out of our revenue plan. In terms of the billings, I don’t have that exact number. That’s based upon current FX rates today, the billings guidance that we’re giving.
Michael Scarpelli: If the FX rates stay where they are without moving such that our weighted average exchange rate and our balance sheet rate at June equals what it is at March 31, there’ll be no impact.
Michael Scarpelli: Remember, going into Q1 guidance, we had already told people that we took our revenue down for FX. Cumulatively, from when we started planning in the end of Q3 2014, we’ve taken out almost $40 million out of our 2015 plan because of FX. But that was based upon where the rates were back in September. Specifically, when we went into the Q1 call, at that time, the rate had already dropped to 1.12, and we had already lowered our guidance for 2015, partly on that. And as I just mentioned, we just took another $6 million out of our number for the balance of this year as a result. Specifically, FX associated with our backlog in deferred revenue we had. But there’s an incremental piece based upon the new business that we plan on booking, because we quota people in local currencies as well, too, around the world.
Michael Scarpelli: Year over year, it’s going to be about $40 million, ballpark, which is conservative. I think it’s actually a little bit higher than that.
Michael Scarpelli: You know, as we’ve told people before, these are very long sales cycles, and they tend to be lumpy. Our linearity in Q1, it was very back end loaded. There were a number of deals that slipped as we always have, that slip from one quarter to the next. And we’re off to a fast start this quarter, but we like to see a little bit more into Q2 before we change our outlook going forward for the balance of the year. We’re comfortable with the guidance we gave.
Michael Scarpelli: You’re still going to have constant currency headwinds when you do the comparison for future quarters, but our guidance that we’re giving, if we don’t see deterioration in the Europe, should be more in line.
Michael Scarpelli: All I know is the detailed calculation that we have to support that, and you can see that coming through the cash flow as well too, by doing the movement there. And the cash flow is at the average rate.
Michael Scarpelli: I’ll say that, as I mentioned before, it was a very back end loaded quarter, and a number of deals slipped into Q2, and we’ve closed a number of those, as Frank mentioned. And so as a result, there’s two things impacting that. There is the deals that got pushed, as well as the FX, which is impacting us. But absolutely, our plan going into the quarter was to be a down quarter. You don’t see it as much in billings, because we have a lot of contracts that we signed in Q4 that start January 1, which don’t get reflected in our billings or deferred revenue but are in backlog going into Q1. And I definitely expect, as we get larger, we will be no different than any other software company. And you’ll see the typical seasonality.
Michael Scarpelli: Once again, I think what’s being reflected in Q1 in this seasonality you’re seeing is that Q4 was such a big number. And our sales reps knew they were losing a number of accounts, getting redistributed. So they pulled in every single upsell and deal. That’s really what happened, and there were a number of deals as well that pushed from Q1 into Q2, because of the linearity in our quarter, which we closed a number of those already.
Michael Scarpelli: No, if you look at all the accounts that we had, 50% of those accounts had new sales people covering them, not necessarily new people we hired. But we reorganized and moved accounts around within both our existing sales people and new people that we hired.
Michael Scarpelli: First quarter revenues themselves were impacted by - it’s actually, if you look at the December 31 rate, our revenues were down $2.7 million in the quarter as a result of where the rate ended up being. In terms of billings, we don’t really try to forecast our billings based upon a forecast currency other than the rate it is when we give our guidance. And so I can’t give you that number specifically, what you’re asking for, on the billing side. The billings is based upon the timing of your invoicing to customers as well, too. And so that can skew quite a bit as well. If we had a lot more billings in the beginning of the quarter, before the rates fell, it would have been a higher number. And if they’re skewed toward the end of the quarter, when the rates had fallen quite a bit, you’d see a lower billing number.
Michael Scarpelli: The deals that kind of slipped, though, were both in North America and Europe, the ones that have subsequently closed, so there was no specific industry. They were kind of spread across a number.
Michael Scarpelli: Well, remember, a lot of the billings that we give guidance for is coming out of what’s in our contracted backlog today, as well as the renewal cycle that we have. With our customers, that’s where the bulk of it comes versus new business. And so even if you have deals that push from one quarter to the next, that doesn’t move the billings as much as our backlog billings and renewals. And the guidance we gave is based upon what’s in our backlog of renewals. And it factors in those deals slipping into this quarter.
Michael Scarpelli: No, it’s the same approach that we established our guidance going into Q1. We’re applying the same methodology. [indiscernible] the rate’s in effect now.
Michael Scarpelli: What was really new this year is at the end of 2014, we hired a new VP of commercial sales for the Americas, and this reorg is moving a number of those people directly underneath him, where in the past, all of that, the commercial and the enterprise, was rolling up under one person. We also, halfway through last year, we did hire a head of Americas enterprise sales. Both those two leaders report into our VP of worldwide sales. That’s what created the big reorg that was telegraphed out to people that was going to be happening in January of 2015. And so I don’t expect to have that big of an impact in future years.
Michael Scarpelli: It’s really just timing of things happening. As we said, for the full year, we expect it to be roughly, I think we said, about 9% of revenues for the full year, is what we’re expecting.
Michael Scarpelli: But a lot of the billings that we have have nothing to do with our current bookings, because a lot of our billings, as I mentioned, come out of our backlog, which we booked already.
Michael Scarpelli: No, as I said, in most international locations, we’re pricing in local currencies. The major places where we play in are EMEA is euros and pounds. Australia is Australian dollars. Canada is Canadian dollars. In Singapore and others, it’s principally in U.S. dollars, but the bulk of our business internationally is Europe and Australia would be number two.
Michael Scarpelli: No. That’s really a professional service organization, and they came on with about $500,000 in backlog, but that’s still to be performed. It was more getting the people, the domain expertise, for our product management, to further strengthen our GRC application.
Michael Scarpelli: In terms of the ITOM, we’re seeing roughly about 10% of our business is ITOM that we’re seeing, and that was consistent with what we were seeing in Q4. In terms of our guidance, our guidance is based upon, as I mentioned before, there is the FX headwind on our existing backlog, but 30% of our business is denominated in foreign currencies. And so our pipeline of opportunities and what our plan was for new business this year is coming down as well, because of the FX associated with that. And the guidance we’ve given is based upon kind of where we’re seeing things right now. And we’re a little bit cautious with how we saw Q1, the linearity. Yes, we’re off to a strong start right now, but we’d like to see a little bit more of that. What I will say is this is the strongest start we’ve ever seen at the beginning of a quarter. But does that mean that’s going to continue throughout the rest of the quarter? We’re going to take a wait and see.
Michael Scarpelli: You know, we had some really, really strong collections in the quarter. We had a number of customers who paid us earlier than we were expecting. That’s one of the things that we noticed. I was surprised at some of the large payments that came in in sub-30 days. Still annual. There was nothing because of multiple year payments, but I can give you one example of one customer that should have paid us in April on 30 days. It was two point something million. I was shocked they paid us in March, within 22 days or something like that of the contract. So it’s just the timing of cash collections is the biggest driver that we saw.
Michael Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call and the broadcast of our financial analyst day will be available as a webcast in the investor section of our website. Thanks for joining us today.
Frank Slootman: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today’s call. Total revenues for the first quarter were $212 million. The quarter was marked by solid demand from our existing customer base, with a 97% renewal rate and a 32% upsell rate. We booked eight new transactions with annualized contract value above $1 million. The company now has 168 customers with an annualized contract value in excess of $1 million. We also landed 23 net new Global 2000 customers, bringing our total to 545, including Illumina, a global leader in gene sequencing and array based technologies; Southern Company, a premier energy company based in Atlanta; the National Bank of Canada; Wolseley, a leading supplier of building materials; and Lennar, one of the nation’s largest home builders. As our customers expand their use of ServiceNow, we see them using our solutions not just to support the business, but increasingly, to actually run the business. H&R Block Canada stood up a new application on ServiceNow during the quarter, just in time for tax season. The company used ServiceNow to support their annual field office readiness, providing the executive team with a dashboard view of the work associated with preparing 600 stores for tax season. The success of that program kicked off additional ServiceNow projects they will be pursuing over the coming year. The U.S. Postal Service created a stamp fulfilment application on ServiceNow with Accenture Federal Services in just 21 days. That application allows the agency to better manage the inventory of more than 20 billion stamps based on local customer demand at 34,000 retail locations. This helps the Postal Service minimize the disposal of unused stamps, directly impacting the agency’s $7 billion in stamp sales. During the first quarter, we launched our latest software feature release, extending service management across the enterprise to marketing, legal, and finance. This release allows business functions to configure their own services and workflows with dedicated analytics and dashboards. For many of our customers, the objective is to create an integrated service experience across all departments and enterprise functions. We helped AAA Allied Group reduce their reliance on email across eight different departments. The customer has said that any interaction with the business will go through ServiceNow. Their marketing department is using ServiceNow to manage creative service requests, taking that service out of email to provide a more efficient and structured workflow. Our latest release also provides a new financial management application to help organizations better understand the costs associated with delivering a service. ServiceNow Financial Management gives CIOs an interactive dashboard that maps IT costs imported from the general ledger due to consumption of services, allowing them to drive dynamic cost allocation around an arbitrary IT tax. During the quarter, we also acquired a company called Intreis to help us develop our solutions in the governance, risk, and compliance segment. We see an opportunity to change the way organizations manage risk by running their compliance process on ServiceNow. We’ve already helped the emergency services/telecommunications authority in Australia transform their audit and risk function. According to the customer, this initiative reduced the collection time for critical compliance data by 93%. Before closing, please be advised of our upcoming annual conference, Knowledge 15, which will take place in Las Vegas next week. We expect approximately 9,000 attendees to share experiences and learn how others achieve success with ServiceNow. At Knowledge 15, we will also be hosting CreatorCon, our first conference specifically aimed at application developers. CreatorCon is part of a broader launch of programs to build a community of highly skilled ServiceNow developers. This will be open to customers, partners, as well as ISVs. To help those partners and developers monetize their work, we will also be launching the ServiceNow Store. The store is our marketplace for applications and services developed on the ServiceNow platform. Together, these programs boost the availability of apps and services to help customers extend the value of ServiceNow across their organizations. Finally, as part of Knowledge 15, we will be holding our annual financial analyst day on April 20. This event is highly recommended to ServiceNow followers and investors, and we look forward to seeing you there. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Frank Slootman: They’re very important, because we view the ISV strategy as a way to really increase the breadth and depth of our platform deployments in large enterprises all around the world. We’ve been pretty good at really spreading our platform through the sale of our own applications and a lot of our partner activity and so on, but content is what drives platform adoption. We always say we’re applications led, we’re platform driven and enabled, so content is really, really key. One of the ways we really think we’re going to unleash that torrent of content is through the ISV community. So the store is really a monetization feature. I think we have a very good routes to market for ISVs in terms of our conferences and our programs and so on, but they have to have the ability to get their content in front of our customer base and then be able to monetize it. In terms of revenue, yes, there is a revenue component in terms of selling through the store, but that is not principally how we’re gonna get paid. We’re gonna get paid on the platform licenses. Effectively, you can think of them as run times. Every time a third party piece of content is sold, that will trigger, in most situations, incremental platform licenses as well. So that’s how we’re thinking about it.
Frank Slootman: As Mike said, we were off to a slow start, because we had sort of a hyperbolic Q4, which is great. But unfortunately, we hit January, you know, a lot of business gets pulled forward and it just takes time for the sales teams to build the pipeline back up, so it then starts pushing the business all the way to the back end of March as well as past it. We had quite a bit of deal slip, but the good news is actually that literally when we turned the corner into April, that all started to close in rapid fashion. We’ve already closed more than half in the first two weeks of April [of our push] and we expect to get most or all of it before this month is out. So we’re not terribly concerned. The quarterly patterns are sometimes difficult in our business, because our sales cycles are long. And it’s much easier to sort of view things in six month increments, because it normalizes out, this kind of aberration. You know, our customers don’t really care whether they do it in March or April. Obviously, our sales teams do, because that’s how we incentivize them, but obviously, we can’t get too excited about it. We think that structurally, our business is very, very sound, but sometimes things bounce from this side of the line versus that side of the line. And our deals, we don’t lose them, they don’t go away. And we do close them. Sometimes, they just bounce outside of the quarter. So we’re feeling good about the way our business is developing, but we definitely saw quite a bit of friction in Q1. And it’s kind of hard to know if it was because we were a little light on mature pipeline or if it was due to other factors. We’re reading the tea leaves a little bit, looking at other companies, what they were experiencing. But on the whole, especially what we saw in April, we’re feeling quite good about it.
Frank Slootman: Actually, feeling much better about it going into April versus going into January. Q1, as those of you that have followed us ever since the IPO, it’s always a tough quarter, because Q4 is so strong. And that’s just the nature of our business. But yeah, the June quarter is our historical Q4, when our fiscal year was June, so both the Q2 and Q4 have always been our strong seasonal quarters. So we’re feeling good coming into this quarter as well as the back half of the year.
Frank Slootman: I appreciate you asking that question, because we also had a fairly sizable sales realignment and reorg coming into the new year. That happens every year, but this particular year more than half our reps ended up with new account assignments. And what that does is it really dramatizes the effect that we already talked about, because people knew they were going to lose their accounts, so they’re closing like there’s no tomorrow, but they’re also not building the pipeline, because they don’t know what they’re gonna get. So the lower you go into the organization, the more they will point to this particular dynamic as being very impactful to the Q1 dynamic. But it’s sort of one time. The reality of our business is we go through a lot of sales reorgs, because the organization expands so rapidly. We have to subdivide territories and we’ve really dramatically increased the focus on the commercial markets. So there were a lot of moving parts between December and January, and as a matter of fact, we were like a mature pipeline coming into the quarter. So that was an additional factor that was at play.
Frank Slootman: Well, it wasn’t really ugly. This was still our third best quarter ever. I wouldn’t consider that ugly at all. But I do think that the effect of the reorg is a one-quarter event. In that part, I’m agreeing with you.
Frank Slootman: Well, our standard pricing for PA is 20% on our subscription per user fees. It is an important capability for us. Strategically, we’re really moving performance analytics away from standard business intelligence data, warehousing approaches, where people forklift the data to another data structure and then do the reporting over there. We’re really focusing that technology towards real time reporting. We think that’s going to be super differentiated for us, because we are sitting on the data as it changes, and we’re able to represent that in real time or near real time. It’s going to become a very, very important part of our strategy going forward. So performance analytics is a key component. We acquired that technology about a year and a half ago now, almost two years ago. We’ve had good take up. But we’re just in the beginning stages of really running this play. It’s going to get much more significant going forward for our customers and the types of applications people are implementing.
Frank Slootman: We didn’t. One of the things that we did coming into the year is that we didn’t change our pricing. We do have different SKUing now. We are now just selling one service management SKU, and regardless of whether it’s IT, HR, or any other flavor of enterprise service domain, it’s all the same price. We don’t have the same visibility on the number that is specific to HR or facilities, because our customers are buying them, and they want to have the ability to assign it to whatever department they’re going to be using it for. So we don’t know precisely how they’re using it, whether that’s HR or IT or any other flavor. I think I talked about this in previous calls, but it’s a very important part of how we go to market is to sell it as service management than not specific to IT or HR or any other flavor. We really want our customers to embrace service management for the enterprise, and then they can decide how to allocate it to different service domains. But I will tell you that HR continues to be a very robust, very, very high activity area for us, and that’s going to continue. That’s very exciting for us.
Frank Slootman: We sort of view Express as a days and weeks for order of magnitude versus weeks and months for what you’d call the flagship product. That’s really the enterprise product. And Express can really go in very, very quickly, because all you have to do is really populate your users and establish their credentials and you’re off to the races. There’s really no design process, workshop. All those concepts, they’re not there. This product is supposed to be used out of the box, so the moment you define the system, everything is on, and you can start using it. That’s why the product is called Express, because it’s really an order of magnitude faster in terms of standing it up. The vast majority of Express users really obviously are smaller enterprises. There’s some mobility between the enterprise products and Express. We’ve seen customers go both directions, which is actually a really good dynamic for us, because we’ve seen a bunch of them graduate to the bigger product. We’ve also seen some of them fall out and needed to go to the smaller product. So we’re really happy to have it.
Frank Slootman: I think the dynamic you’re talking about, I said earlier, we used to be a June quarter fiscal. And obviously, we changed that a couple of years ago. So that obviously means that Q4 is going to gradually become more prominent if you look at it from a historical standpoint.
Frank Slootman: That’s a central theme of our entire strategy, is to really drive service management to an enterprise product. It’s also one of the reasons why we didn’t want to segment our business in terms of all these domains, because there are tons of other service management applications that really don’t sort of fit squarely on a functional department or function. It can just be a single service that’s being provided. And one of the things that we’ve also included - we’re going to show that next week at our conference - is a template for customers to actually build their own customer service management applications. And it’s so highly abstracted and templated that you can auto generate most of the service management applications, because there’s just tons and tons of use cases out there, and we cannot support that all. We’re just picking some of the big service domains out of there to prime the pump, because we know they’re sizable and there’s a lot of opportunity there. But there is lots and lots of use cases, which is why we went through this templated automation approach to sort of help people with the tooling to do that, with really no coding skills whatsoever, to be able to stand up those kind of services where you have case management, knowledge management, requests. You get cataloged and everything, where you stand that up automatically for our customers. So the whole notion of managing service is very, very broad based inside the enterprise. It’s actually not limited to the categories that we’ve mentioned.
Frank Slootman: We’re certainly set for the year, but it’s very unlikely that we’re set for years, because of the rate that our business grows. And at the rate that we’re bringing on people, the service areas are getting denser and denser, meaning that the whole commercial market, we’re much more aggressive in covering that now, whereas previously we were very much skewed and biased toward the very large enterprise. Now, we have a whole organization dedicated to the commercial accounts, the non-large enterprise accounts. So as we said earlier, this is a very large reorg, and the net result of it was that a lot of people changed their account responsibilities. More than half of them, and that’s just big. It creates a measure of discontinuity in the overall process of generating activity and building pipeline.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, the effect of that is that when people know they’re losing accounts, they’re going to take whatever they can off the table. They’ll leave nothing behind for the next guy. That’s natural behavior, and obviously, then, once that happens, the new guys have to start all over again, because nothing was left behind. And when you do that, at the change of the fiscal year, it’s exacerbated, because everybody’s in the accelerators and they're putting everything and anything into it to make sure they maximize their yield on the investment that they’ve made in prior months to develop that business. So that’s the dynamic at play here. But as I said, it’s a one-time thing. Some measure of that we have every year, because of the rapidly growing nature of our business, but this was very pronounced in this particular transition.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, we’re past that now. Everybody’s locked and loaded. And as I said, we feel much better about the way the pipeline has been developing coming into April versus coming into January, as you relate it to the numbers that we have to generate.
Frank Slootman: In terms of the deal slip, that’s really an immaturity of pipeline, right? Customers don’t really care whether it’s March or April. And we do not want to resort to unnatural acts to force these things to happen inside March, because it’s going to cost us a lot of money. And as we proved to ourselves in the first two weeks of April, we’ve already closed more than half of them and under normal conditions. So that’s all fine, because our relationships with customers are 10, 15, 20 years, so a couple of weeks is not going to make a whole lot of difference. And we’re really happy with the way that is going. And it’s very much a function of how much mature pipeline we have coming into the quarter. In terms of your close rate, I don’t have an answer for you on that question, because that’s not something that we typically discuss on the call.
Frank Slootman: What I will say about close rates is we have an exceptionally high close rate in general, but what happens to us, our biggest number one competition is always the push, because these are large transactions. It always depends on whether a customer has the resources and the priority in the organization to undertake it. That is often the driver, why a deal doesn’t happen in the quarter, when a customer just isn’t ready. We don’t lose them to competition. The deals are not going away. But it’s not atypical for us to see transactions not just move one quarter, but move two quarters and sometimes, even three quarters, because they have to be ready to engage on the overall deployment. And it’s not a small commitment. These are really, really big rollouts and goal lines. So that really is the nature of our business. And then you add to that that the March-April dynamic is not super compelling compared to December-January, and this is how it plays out. We’re actually kind of surprised how strong April started, because it was almost a complete reversal of sentiment from where we were in late March. So that was kind of a nice thing to see.
Frank Slootman: I don’t know how I can do that in 30 seconds or less. We are going to record our keynote presentations. I really would encourage you to go and watch those, because we’re really laying out our case for what’s possible and what you should aspire to. And the biggest thing about ServiceNow, the platform affords an opportunity to really change the way people work, away from unstructured messaging approaches, which is really email and voice and so on, getting to systems, structured data, structured workflow type of approaches. The opportunity is just immense there in terms of productivity. We really find that there is an incredible productivity frontier in large institutions and enterprises. The one thing we will also see is due next week, is the release of a research study that we’ve undertaken that has attempted to quantify what the effect of that is in terms of time lost and time wasted in organizations. And it’s of such an order of magnitude that we believe that CIOs and senior executives in general will give a high level of priority around dealing with this. And so much of the money always flows to the customer side of the organization, where we touch customers. On the inside, we tend to be generations behind in terms of the opportunity to automate and streamline and really achieve huge productivity gains. So that’s what the conference is about. There’s going to be a lot of announcements. We’re going to show a ton of new product in all our categories. In operations management, on the platform, as I mentioned, where we have the store. We have a brand new developer IDE coming out. And of course in service management, the financial management app, as I talked about in the prepared remarks. So there’s a lot of product that’s going to be released and previewed at the conference. But the mega theme is always around how service management is really changing the way people work in institutions and enterprises.
Frank Slootman: I really can’t quantify what the difference is, because I just don’t know. I just know that this was viewed by our sales organization as huge in terms of the effect that it had on sales activity development and so on. Why was it huge? It’s a very profound reorganization in terms of us allocating resources much more deeply and much more broadly in places where they haven’t been before. As I said already, we have an entire commercial account organization now. A lot of people have been moved around. A lot of global account organization. Because we have added so many people, there is far fewer reps names than there were before. So we have narrowed their focus considerably. Whereas before they might have had 15, maybe they now have five, for example. So those are really, really big changes in an organization. It obviously has a good sized effect on activity development. We don’t want to dwell on it either, because of the way sales people operate. That’s going to take care of itself in fairly rapid order, because they’ve got to eat.
Frank Slootman: One of the things we’ve done in December is we changed our [product] organization away from a functional single product, single market approach to a product line model, where we really now have organizations that can move with multiple products against multiple markets at the same time. So we now have you can call them BUs or product lines that now have product leaders on them. We really did that to be able to increase the focus on markets that otherwise would not get the quality of attention and focus and resources. And particularly, that’s for things like IT operations management, a product like Express. They have their own resources. The platform now has its own organization. So all those teams are going to be developing their own go-to-market capabilities and really driving the sales organization across a much broader front. So that was a substantial change in how we internally operate, but that will begin rippling out to the outside as well over time. This is just starting on the inside in how we work on a day to day basis. But then, it won’t be long, because they are responsible for the go-to-market motions and all the marketing programs, all the partner strategies, etc., that are associated with these individual product lines. So this is really a fairly substantial change, because it really broadens the approach for ServiceNow as a whole. Before, we were very much led by our service management product, because that’s so dominant in the overall mix, and in order for us to make sure the other products are getting adequate resources, that’s why we went to this model.
Frank Slootman: Well, we view service management as really one market. That’s sort of the net that you should take away from this. Certainly, we can size this marketplace by looking at how many HR people there are in the world, and we’ve done that. And some of that you will find on our investor page, exactly how we arrived at that. But these are not structural changes. These are really positioning changes. Our customers are saying, look, I’m adopting service management. I don’t know how many people I will have in IT versus HR versus any other service domain. So for us to be able to buy one set of service management licenses and for us to be able to deploy them as our needs develop is much more attractive than having them segmented and fragmented into categories. So that’s why that happens. It really has no effect on our addressable market. It’s just how we approach it.
Frank Slootman: We’ve had that orientation since the beginning of 2013. You’ve been with us that long. That’s when we introduced the separation that we have between existing accounts and new accounts. And we have carried that theme through in this new organization, the model. So both from the commercial side and on the enterprise side, there is the delineation between people that take care of existing accounts and the people that are hunting for new logos. So this is now the third year into it that we are organized that way. It’s really important for a SaaS company, because we rely so heavily on renewals and upsells. So that’s how we are, and that’s how we’ve been, and that’s certainly what we will be going forward. As you know, SaaS companies will become increasingly dependent over time on existing customers. That’s just the nature of the way the model eventually works. So we’re really well set up to be able to run that the way we’re currently organized.
Frank Slootman: Well, that’s part of our go-to-market thrust, so our organization is directed and instrumented to campaign our platform, not just in IT. Obviously, we’re going after IT, but there’s many situations where IT, for whatever reason, is not up for grabs. It could be contractual, for whatever reason. So it’s really great that we can go after a human resources department or sometimes just pure platform applications. So we don’t easily strike out. If we can’t go through the front door, we go in through a side door. We have many arrows in the quiver, many clubs in the bag, so to speak, to pursue business. And certainly our sales people like that a lot. We don’t easily strike out.
Frank Slootman: That information is all anecdotal for the reasons that I mentioned earlier, which is now we’re just selling one service management SKU, and we let our customers decide how they use them. And over time, they actually move them around between one service domain, like IT, to another service domain, like facilities. The downside of that, of course, is that we don’t have precise data anymore, whether the uptake is one discipline or another. But the anecdotal evidence is very, very strong, that the uptake in HR is very, very good. And the thing about human resources, we’re not just getting involved in the HR on the service management side either. We’re involved in compensation planning applications, we’re involved in onboarding/offboarding applications. Actually going to show some of that with one of our partners at the conference next week. So HR’s become a whole domain of service management applications, not just the traditional case management, knowledge management, request management, which is what people most associate with what we do. So these areas are getting much more deeper, much broader, than they historically have been understood. The same thing is true in facilities areas as well. There’s capital request planning, there’s not just all the usual request oriented type of applications. So the nice thing about getting time in market for these apps is that we’re getting past the standard service management capabilities into a lot of other interesting areas. That’s just how our business develops. People start understanding what the platform can do for them, and then the new services are being discovered, that are interesting to be stood up on our platform.
Frank Slootman: Well, I think that the IT operations management, especially under the influence of our Service Watch product, which we acquired last summer, I think it’s a super important product. There is a ton of interest in the product. There’s a lot of proof of value kind of steps going on. So we’re very excited about that, because it’s the tip of the spear, if you will, for our entire operations management strategy, and it just leverages the services management side absolutely perfectly. So we see that as an important area for us. Service management is such a big area. We got started in IT. Obviously, everybody understands that part of our business. Then we’re getting into adjacent service domains, sometimes referred to as business services. But increasingly, we’re getting involved into, with services now, that actually run the business not just support the business. And I mentioned this in the prepared remarks as well. Next week at conference, we have somebody speaking on how they’re running an admissions process inside a university, which is really more like a CRM application. And in other words, a lot of the boundaries that we’ve traditionally seen between CRM applications and service management applications are becoming much fuzzier. And we’re now involved in take offs against SalesForce and Oracle, and companies like that. Well, you never saw that a few short years ago. So that’s all very existing for us, and that’s why I mentioned the product line reorganization we did last December, because our organizations are really getting in position to drive us down those paths.
