Frank Slootman: Tom, it's Frank. What's interesting about the Platform business is that historically, this has always been part and parcel of our -- the sale of our IT applications portfolio. What we're starting to see more of is standalone Platform deals, and this is a direct result of our go-to-market cadence being much more deliberate in terms of positioning and messaging around Platform. It's still relatively early to characterize the makeup of the business. It's all sort of all over the map. They're certainly very substantive opportunities, and I mentioned one during the prepared remarks, but we signaled in prior quarters that it's going to be towards the latter end of this year before we're going to be more systemic in how we talk about our Platform business and how we report on it.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it's hard to be very authoritative on it, but we have historically said that we think that the Platform business is at least as large as the IT businesses. But as we get further into this, many of our enterprise customers are really sort of beginning to understand and grasp the nature of the opportunity. And the reason is, we don't just go in and automate or re-implement legacy application that have previously been built on, whatever it is, Microsoft Access or SharePoint or Lotus Notes. They're also starting to tackle processes that have never been automated before that are really running through e-mail and spreadsheets and so on. So as a result of that, we think the Platform opportunity is still unfolding right in front of us and potentially can be much larger than what's currently even visible to us.
Frank Slootman: Raimo, this is Frank again. This has been true historically. Our business -- we always land in the enterprise -- most of the time, not always, but most of the time on the IT applications portfolio. And as everybody knows, we typically replace either homegrown or other legacy systems that have been in place for 10, 15 years or even longer. Once IT organizations, a, sort of get well established in terms of rolling out the new IT systems and become familiar with what the capabilities of our platform are, this is typically when they start branching out into other service domains. And other service domains are the other corporate support functions. So human resources, very typical; legal case management, very typical; travel, facilities and so on. We call those the other service domains. But it usually doesn't take long before we start to bleed into other service areas that can be either customer-facing or more line-of-business oriented that support core product operations. I mentioned the supply chain example. Anything that is request, response, workflow-oriented typically is a very good fit, especially when IT is involved in undertaking those kinds of projects.
Frank Slootman: Well, no. I mean, we -- I mean, historically, it was very much a viral thing that sort of happened with or without us. At the start of this year -- now first of all, we've rebalanced our sales organization that we now have dedicated people on existing accounts that get paid on this class of software and application development. In terms of our whole go-to-market approach, we are now very specific in terms of demonstrating what our platform is capable of doing, not just in terms of modifying and configuring the existing applications there, but also how you stand up brand-new applications. So our approach to the market is much more deliberate and specific in terms of showing people, a, what the platform can do, and then, b, how this actually gets done. So we're driving this effort now as opposed to sort of letting it happen naturally, which has historically been the way this business has unfolded for us.
Frank Slootman: So a couple of things. First of all, we have a separate pair of data centers for the federal business. We have had that for some time. That's not new. FISMA data centers, they have very different access controls than our regular commercial data centers, and they're specifically set up and run for this class of business. We started well over a year ago in really establishing and building out our federal team, and that organization has done very well and is sort of growing in leaps and bounds. Obviously, in the last quarter, just about every vendor was affected by sequestration. It created a huge amount of inertia in the business. But we think that has pretty much cleared, and for the rest of the year, I think we have -- we're going to have a lot more clarity on the federal business. But everybody knows that federal business can easily represent 10% of our total revenue or better. It's a very, very good business for us to be in. It's hard to get in because of the requirements in terms of compliance and security, which is why the authority to operate for us is a very significant milestone. There aren't that many vendors in our business that have acquired that ability, and you just cannot get to do business with the federal government till you have those kind of credentials.
Frank Slootman: Walter, it's pretty unusual these days to find customers that are approaching our business really as a help desk system. It does happen at the low end of the spectrum, and that's where sort of a lot of the sort of the new competitors are coming from that are principally trying to replace legacy help desk management systems with sort of newer hosted versions. Our class of customers has a very different perspective. They're not trying to reinvent the help desk; they're trying to retire it. They want to get to a single system of record. And to them, the evolution of help desk is really the creation of the ITIL framework, where you have defined processes around incident management, problem management, change management, configuration management. And it's almost difficult to actually even recognize the old mode of help desk management in those kinds of applications. So with our customers, we typically don't talk about help desk management anymore. But what incident management really represents is the initiation of a structured workflow, either related to a problem or to a request or some other events. Right? So the whole motion of help desk is really a bit of a remnant of the 1990s time frame. So it's really not part of our nomenclature the way we go to market with ServiceNow.
Frank Slootman: Yes, Brent, I've been on the road a lot in Q1, and I've seen a ton of people. I definitely noticed, as did many other vendors that have reported, that the general sentiment is a little bit more cautious than what we saw last year. Now I cannot determine whether that is cyclical or just seasonal. Q1 for all companies of our type is just a difficult quarter because you tend to really take down your mature pipeline, and rebuilding it in a short period of time is always difficult. So if you try to sort of push business along and you detect sort of that you're doing -- you're pushing the customer harder than they want to get pushed, it may come across as a waning sentiment. In reality, it might just be normal friction, and we're just trying to push it harder than it wants to be pushed. So that's why I said, it might just be seasonal, it could be cyclical. And I think we need to have at least another quarter under our belt before we can really be more intelligent about characterizing it.
Frank Slootman: No, not really. I mean, we are much more sort of governed by secular trends that are unique and specific to our business than anything relating to the macro, so we're feeling really good about where we are in our business. As a matter of fact, we're feeling better about it than we ever have, and the reason is the company is so much higher profile than it was a year ago, our ability to engage in conversation at a high level is so much better than it's ever been. We've really opened up a huge gap to the rest of the competition and people that are vying for this kind of business, and it's really benefiting us in the whole go-to-market cadence. So I'm not down at all on the rest of the year in any way, shape or form.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank again. Yes, we absolutely expect to see and contest against nontraditional competitors. And we've already mentioned some. You mentioned some. Depending on what class of applications we're getting into, we can see a completely different set of competitors. And it's really a sort of a reordering and a realignment and a re-platforming that's going on in the industry, where people may have historically worked with very narrow point solutions relative to specific requirements, they may all of a sudden look at this, "Hey, this can actually be addressed on a platform basis rather than on using some hard-coded application from a specific vendor." So that dynamic is shaken up in the marketplace. And this is not the first time this has happened in our industry. You can go all the way back to the early '90s, when there were a lot of a one-off tools out there. And when Windows came on with Visual Basic and things like that, they completely realigned the marketplace. We're sort of seeing flavors of that dynamic playing out. So I think you will see us on the platform side go up against a whole variety of different players that are out there. Usually legacy companies, people that have been around for a long time.
Frank Slootman: Jason, a very broad question, but there are different classes of partners that we work with. I mean, by far the largest class of partners that's very important to our ecosystems are the implementation partners, not just because they enable our business and they're able to implement for the customers that we sell, but also because they typically have relationships in their particular vertical or their particular locale that they can leverage very, very quickly to the benefit of our business. We've seen a lot of partners come over from other legacy vendors and deciding they don't want to play over there anymore, and they'd rather be in our business because of the growth and the sort of fresh dynamic that we have around it. We've been very deliberate in creating really a really good atmosphere to develop an ecosystem. So one of the reasons why our professional services rates are kept up is we really want to have a pricing umbrella that other companies can operate underneath with lower tier of services. And they appreciate that, so that we don't crowd out our own ecosystem and then we don't compete with our partners as much as we can help it. It does happen from time to time. What you'll also see, as we are developing, and those of you who are coming to Knowledge, you probably would amazed to see how many partners will actually be at the conference. It's a very, very large number of companies. There's lots of software companies now that are building tools and add-on capabilities that work in conjunction with the ServiceNow platform and are really selling. We've become market trend because there is now 1,600, 1,700 customers out there that now is market for people that are working either on our platform or with our platform. A lot of those are technology partners. I mean, there's tons of people that do analytics and reporting type of applications, people that do release management. So all these different product niches that are developing around the platform are making this very dynamic, sort of a rich place and a lot of options for our customers to build out their use of what we do.
Frank Slootman: Phil, it's Frank again. We always like to say that our #1 class of competition we have is inertia. In other words, customers that are just not ready or able to engage at a particular point in time just because they're overwhelmed with other issues or they don't have budget right now, or whatever else is going on. It is a "do nothing, kick the can down the road" type of a thing. Now in the end, everybody is going to move, because time is our friend. Because every day, what they have is getting older and more unmanageable. But it's just very, very common. The systems that we replace are 10, 15 years old. There's a reason why they're that old, because they're that difficult to -- not so much difficult to pull out, but difficult to modernize. And all the planning and project management, it's a considerable undertaking. Right? And that is typically the friction that we encounter out there. Our win rates, when we come up against direct competition and the customer actually is going to make a move and actually embark on the journey, is extraordinarily high. I mean, it's very, very unusual for us to not get the win on products. So I'm feeling good about it. But the nature of our business -- and this is oftentimes why our customers refer to this as their ERP, is because it has a lot of the characteristics of ERP. It is a very serious undertaking. These are also systems, when you replace them, it's like changing the engines on a plane that's in the air. It's a delicate undertaking. It takes a lot of planning, and it's something that people really have to be ready for to undertake. If they've got a lot of other things going on in their lives, they may want to say, "Well, I'm going to take another 6 months or 9 months or 12 months before I'm ready to do this." So obviously, customers talk to us, then they back off for a period of time, come back, and then finally they will bite the bullet and they embark on the journey, and then that goes on and on. This is a very dynamic business. Our customers are always evolving their applications, expanding their use, developing new things. This is not sort of a one-time "I build it and then I run it" type of business at all. That's sort of the way that in the past these systems were being run. It's not the way it is with ServiceNow.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. We've left that core capability of building templates of apps very much to our partners at this juncture. It doesn't mean that we will always have that kind of a posture. We have focused much more on enabling the platform to have better and better capabilities to sort of reduce the friction that customers might encounter in terms of using it for application development. So we're investing a huge amount in mobile support, scalability, the approachability of the development platform itself to really allow people to have a better and better experience in terms of standing up applications for the first time in our platform and sort of grow our -- their involvement with us in that way rather than having the application sort of readymade to be put at them. We do see a lot of our partners moving down this path, and we think that's a very positive thing. The whole notion of ecosystem is very important. We start doing everything, that creates a lot of friction and angst in our ecosystem, and we don't want that. We really want to create ample room for our partners to start to do what they want to do and bring their unique bit of value added to our marketplace. And again, coming to Knowledge in Vegas next month is an incredible display of what all those capabilities are.
Frank Slootman: The most important thing for people to realize is that we're not a generic application development environment -- or we're not suitable as a generic application development environment you can sort of build any type of app on. There's a reason that our platform is so highly abstracted and so approachable by people without programming skills is because it is designed to build a certain class of applications. And we typically refer to that class of apps as service-oriented apps. And these are apps that typically initiate structured workflow in response to a request. It could be a request for a product, request for a service, request for information, all kinds of different things. Right? This is much more common in the world than most people realize, because most business processes in the enterprise are actually executed through e-mail with a little bit of Excel thrown in. So we have this incredible opportunity to sort of start chipping away at a lot of business process that has never been automated before in the enterprise, and we're just ideally suitable to stand-up applications. We typically teach our solution consultants, our presales people to really show our customers how to build applications in minutes, not in days or weeks, but literally minutes and hours. So it's an order of magnitude different, the speed at which we can stand up fully operable database or recordkeeping application. That is really our sweet spot. Now when you start peeling away the onion, incident management systems exist in IT, but they exist in all kinds of line of businesses, they exist in other service domains, they exist in relationships to customers, to partners, to investors. That really is what has led to the proliferation and sort of the viral adoption of ServiceNow, because people are starting to understand that a lot of the work that previously was done on e-mail and on the phone and in spreadsheets and one-off local databases is actually now capturable in full-blown ERP industrial-grade systems, and that's what IT organizations like about ServiceNow.
Frank Slootman: There really is no pure-play competitor the way I just characterized it. We're sort of the only one. What you see out there are platforms like Microsoft with Azure. But that's really .NET-hosted, which is very much a programming platform evolution of the former Visual Basic Visual Studio. You've got VMware really for the Java crowd. You got Force.com, also with the proprietary procedural line, which is also really for a programming audience. We really exist for the highest-level audience and also the largest audience. These are the people that have good grasp of relational concepts, people that can use Excel pretty well or Microsoft Access but do not have programming skills. And in that class of platform, ServiceNow is really the only thing that is really out there with an industrial-grade type of system.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. You pretty much characterized it the right way. It is most common for people to go after the core drivetrain of IT workflow, and that really is the Incident, Problem, Change, Config. Those are sort of the 4 horsemen of IT service management, and those 4 go together. Incident has the highest penetration in our customer base, Config or the CMDB and related Discovery technologies is a close second, Request Management really turning the IT organization into a sales service delivery vehicle. Those things are typically top priority. After that, we see people go to SDLC. You mentioned Asset, that's another big one. Compliance, governance applications. And then what we're starting to see a lot of as well is people going after automation, really looking for workflows that are being conducted right now in predominantly manual manner that are automatable. Right? It's all about dis-intermediating workflows where, right now, lots of different people are sort of been touching different parts of the infrastructure, and applications to figure out how software can take that over. So those are our typical progressions. It also happens that we start somewhere else. I mean, I mentioned earlier, we're starting to do stand-alone platform deals now, whereas -- in other words, they are completely outside the realm of IT, whereas previously, that was always downstream business. And that's really a function of our go-to-market cadence, now really focusing on opportunities like that, where previously we would just go after the IT opportunity and then let the other opportunities sort of unfold from there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Good question. As I told most of the analysts before, we had changed our comp plan for our sales force, where in the past, we had heavily incented them, pre- being public, to get as many years billings in advance as possible, and salespeople were paid quite handsomely on that. Given we're now a public company and cash flow is not as a concern with multiple year billings in advance, we changed our comp plan, and we're seeing the results of that right now where most of our billings, you should assume, are going to be 1 year in advance, with only a small portion being multiple years. And it's that multiple year that goes into the long-term deferred revenue movement. And hence, why we say roughly 5% to 10% is what we forecast of our billings will be multiple years in advance. And unfortunately, that's a number that we generally don't find out about until the very end when the deal is coming in, so it's hard to forecast. It's a multiple-year component. Does not change, though, the average contract length or anything, which is what we focus more on.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, first of all, we were very pleased with our hiring last quarter. The 192 that we hired in the quarter was actually well above the financial plan that I had looking at historical hirings, so we feel very good about our hiring right now. Hence, in our original plan, we were looking at more like 170 employees that we'd be actually able to onboard. Now we think we can do 200 in Q2, and that's the big driver.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The people who were transferred from the subscription support line down into sales and marketing are performing a new role. They're now performing a client account manager role, and I believe that was 11 people we transferred down -- or sorry, 15 people that we transferred down out of subscription into predominantly sales and marketing. There were some of them that actually went into engineering that were -- that used to perform a support function that went into engineering. And then on the professional services side, 11 people that we transferred down are performing a new role. In the past, they performed a bit of a mixed role between presales and actually doing implementation with our customers. We did a whole reorganization of our go-to-market from a sales standpoint, January 1, we talked to you a little bit about that at the call then. And those 11 people now who were in our professional service organization are only focused on the presales activities of professional services. And hence, they're in sales and marketing now.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes, historically, June has been an extremely good quarter because of that year end. But if you look at most tech companies, Q4 by far is going to be your strongest quarter, and we saw that this past quarter. We're still expecting a strong quarter in Q2. But we kind of expect going forward with the federal business in September, Q2 to Q3 are pretty much going to be flat quarters from a bookings perspective, but still a very strong quarter relative to Q1.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I'll answer the first part, then I'll turn it over -- the last part of your question and turn it over. In the last 3 quarters, we pretty much had identical linearity between the first 2 months of the quarter and the third month, which we were very pleased to see. And so there has been no change in terms of the amount of business we book in the third month of the quarter, and that's been consistent for 3 quarters now. I'll turn it over to Frank, who's in front of the customers a lot more than I am.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, part of our whole strategy to ultimately get our professional services and other gross margin to the 13% to 15% has been to shift more of our business from fixed price to time immaterial, and we're seeing the impact of that now. And it's still a gradual process. But also, we hired a lot of people on the management side in our professional service organization and build it for scale. And as we add more people to actually do the implementations, you get better scale out of your management layer within your professional service organization. So I do expect that. But this quarter, it was really -- part of it is the timing of deals that are more profitable in terms of the hourly rate we're able to get; as well, the utilization was very strong this quarter. And there's always a mix every quarter of how much work we do ourselves versus we subcontract out to some of our professional service partners, where we just don't have the bandwidth to do all the work. That has an impact as well on our margins. And as I said, I do expect our gross margins for professional services, when you back out the impact of the Knowledge revenue, that will actually come down slightly. It's going to be kind of 0% to 4% in Q2 standalone without the Knowledge revenue being in there.
