William McDermott: Yes. Thank you very much, Brad. And before I answer the first question, ladies and gentlemen, I just wanted to officially welcome CJ Desai as our newly President and COO, who is joining me here today. and I will have him continue to join me on these calls. And I'd also like to acknowledge Gina for powering through while she's a bit under the weather, so please her voice might be a little scratchy, but her passion is on fire. So she's in good shape, but losing her voice a little bit. We've been all over the world from Davos to Vegas to here. So that's what happens when you travel a little bit. Brad, the partners and the largest partners are really doubling down on their investment with ServiceNow. And I look at it as a multifaceted situation. First, on this RiseUp with ServiceNow, we're going to train 1 million people in the ecosystem to be fully certified on the platform to ensure that we globally scale. Second, partners are teaming up with us on an industry domain basis also based on persona and mapping that back to our solution road map and naturally, everybody is all in on the platform. So the big ones are really doubling down on the platform. What's interesting, and you bring up a good point, this is for the front, the mid and the back office. And there's a next-generation ERP evolving here with things like procure-to-pay, optimizing supply chains and other things that definitely impact the middle office. But I would also say we have a great opportunity. And if you saw our new business surge in Q4, you're seeing it play out, where we're going to net new logos and drawing net new business. And I think that will be a big part of it. CJ, you may want to build on it from what you're seeing in the middle office.
William McDermott: Yes, Mark, thank you very much for the question. I did call it out. I think maybe we were the first ones to call it out that there were some clouds on the horizon back then with the macro, and we all know the forces that were blowing between Ukraine, inflation, tightening monetary policies and supply chain dislocation, and everyone sees that to a halt so we don't need to go there. I think what happened back then is most businesses were not ready for that market. And we immediately revamped our go-to-market in the way we approached the customer because we knew the customer would have to do more with less, automate their business, take cost out and improve productivity per person.  And the work wasn't going to go away. It still had to be done, and step ServiceNow's platform. And then we also knew at the same time that CEOs, 98% of them, this is a fact have a digital-first strategy. Worried about the other 2%, but I'm good with the 98% because that makes a lot of sense. And we also knew that they weren't going to give up on their digital business dreams and they would be investing to reorient business models, as Gina said and think differently about their enterprise, which CJ's example underscored and growth would still remain on the agenda. It's just a question of what equilibrium between growth and cost takeout would be necessary for them to achieve their goals. The good thing is, with ServiceNow's platform, you could say yes to both.  And you don't have to make that choice. So what I see in the market, I see commodity tech that was at the peak of the hype cycle during the pandemic being dialed down or eliminated. And I see that investment freeing up to platforms that actually matter. So I do think our circumstances are actually improving because of this particular macro, because it's well known now that ServiceNow can take the cost down, if that's what you need immediately. And given the layoffs that we're seeing and the stories that we're reading, I clearly see that our company is rising accordingly. And I see that in the pipeline. I see that in the maturity of the pipeline which is a really important fact. And this year, we came in with sales productivity at least 20% better than I had at the start of last year based on the feet on the street and the readiness of those feets because they've been well trained and certified to do their job. All these forces are coming together in a way that gives me a feeling the market will be on our side, but our executional excellence will never have to rely on the weather conditions. We're ready.
William McDermott: And Mark, one thing I would just build on what Gina is saying, and for every investor out there, when you don't need to rely on early renewals, that means you have a competitive advantage with your technology. It also means that you're able to preserve your pricing power as you go into the renewal cycles on the normal terms. So this is actually a super healthy thing, and that's why the guide for 2023 was above all the consensus estimates that you guys have.
William McDermott: Yes, absolutely. Yes, Kash, as I said, we've been through this movie before, and I'd like to show. So here's the situation. We're keeping it real simple for 22,000 of our closest friends within ServiceNow and for our partners. We have the end-to-end platform for digital transformation. That platform is applicable to each industry and every persona within the enterprise. And we are going to expand that across the world. And you saw the move we made with Japan. Our ambitions are going to India, to the Middle East and many other places. So end-to-end platform, by industry, persona and geo, and we kept it very simple for our colleagues and also our partners. We focused on net new innovation. We will build the future. We have the best engineering leader and the best engineering team in the industry, hard stop. We have an incredible go-to-market machine, and we're betting on ourselves. So we're going to keep a real simple around net new innovation and net new ACV. That's it. And with a loyal customer base that will remain ever loyal with many upsells, cross-sells and same account revenue growth, if you get new business on top of that because you're building the best product in the world, you're going to have the defining enterprise software company in the 21st century.
William McDermott: Thank you, Alex. By the way, CJ had one go live yesterday with 50,000 agents, and we were in the board room together as we were watching the go live and it was flawless. So that's a customer service management example for one of the most prestigious brands in the world. So you can count on our customer service management business to continue to rock the house. So we're ready to go. And by the way, I don't get caught up in the cRPO thing because it's only a forecasting based on prior year assumptions, has nothing to do with what actually happened. The net new business was fantastic. And all those renewals are sitting for us in 2023. And obviously, because we're delivering business value and impact, it is sitting there for us at the right pricing structure. So it's actually a super good thing from a shareholder value creation perspective.
William McDermott: Yes. Thank you very much, Brad. As Gina said, we're going to be very intentional about how we manage the headcount in the corporation. We are protecting this house as a primary objective. And we have invested very heavily now for the last 3.5 years, for sure, on headcount. And we have what we need. Where we are investing, and we'll continue to invest, primarily will be coders, people that actually write the code and also people that are actually responsible for the customer relationship and carry a quota. So we're going to be very, very intentional. And I'm really super because we're in great shape on our workforce. We have really happy workforce. Our retention rates are better than ever. The Glassdoor ranking speaks to some of that. So what we are finding is because of our intentionality, we're getting 9s and 10s in here, and the people we are choosing to hire come from a pool of thousands and thousands and only the best get to go to ServiceNow. And I think that's going to build an even stronger ServiceNow going forward. So no problem with the workforce. Everything is about driving innovation or net new ACV, net new innovation, net new ACV. That's the ball game.
CJ Desai: But is, I would say, when we look at the engagement layer, engagement layer has been around for a long time, say, for a customer service request. So for a large financial services organization, moving the workflow from the engagement layer on, say, customer complain to the mid office where we really shine because of our interoperability of the platform and our ability to integrate the systems and to different clouds all the way to the back office. And that's what is driving the middle office acceleration, whether that's for a financial services organization, telecommunications or a health care organization.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So employee experience and employee productivity are two sides of the same coin. And with our HR service delivery product that is resonating really well, whether it's in commercial markets, including we had a very strong public sector performance as Gina outlined, where that product is resonating. And during this macroeconomic times, when you think about customer service, you want to hold on to your customers and you want to serve them profitability. That's what is driving business for our customer service management product. So we are seeing that despite the technology foundation where IT is the business, digital services other business which is what driving our ITSM and ITOM product lines and what we call service operations, picking the best of service management and operations management, but HR and our customer service management are also driving growth in very specific industries from telco to public sector and health care.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So great to hear from you, Alex. I would say one of the products that we verticalized pretty early on was in the telco media and tech. -- back in -- started building that in 2019, seeing very strong traction, everything from order management to mid office to back office in telcos. And that product line which was created for that industry is now at top 10 telcos and continue to win market share and displace multiple systems, whether it's a telco company or a media company. Similarly, the public sector, we created a product for public sector as well as health care that is seeing strong traction as well. And overall, between the new products, horizontal products like we have done in the world of ERP on procure to pay or supplier life cycle management, combined that with some of these new industry products, we are winning 7-figure deals, sometimes much larger and having massive traction in that specific where customers are actually going live in 3 to 4 months.
CJ Desai: Absolutely, Keith. Here is what I can say. So the number continues to increase since we launched this -- and what was super encouraging in Q4 was that some of the new logos that we got with ITSM also landed with ITSM Pro besides our existing cohort upgrading to ITSM Pro. So 35%, we are currently very, very optimistic. And at Financial Analyst Day, we will provide bigger updates on what's happening with ITSM Pro and Enterprise.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So let's first start with the cloud optimization question. Listen, our product line since day 1, whether you look at ITSM, ITOM or asset management, our ability to discover assets whether they are an on-prem cloud, private cloud, public cloud or multi-cloud has continued to be best-in-class. So we help our customer, they’re trying to optimize their power spend. That's great. If they're trying to move to public cloud and they want to accelerate that journey, that's great too. So our portfolio is best suited for meeting our customers where they are on that cloud journey and where they want to go. So I feel actually pretty good in terms of just our portfolio's relevance in this multi-cloud and how our different product lines can help them with their acceleration and optimization. And on observability, what was really encouraging for me in Q4 is that we had 3 of Fortune 100 companies decided to buy ServiceNow Observability solution and Lightstep at a meaningful scale. And these are real workloads that are really being monitored by our Lightstep solution. And as I think about 2023 milestones, as you know, that Tyler we bought company called Era, which provides log management solution. We will fully integrate that in our Observability platform. So we have not only primary observability solution, but also unified observability solutions that work across multi-states. So very optimistic going into '23.
CJ Desai: So I will say, I'm going to take this, Sarah. Thank you very much. But overall, we feel very balanced performance. Gina called out certain verticals super proud of what we did in public sector. Typically, in Q3, we are expected to do well in public sector. But even in Q4, we did really well and as Gina called out 50% growth. So whether it's public sector, whether it's retail, whether it's health care and others, very balanced performance and strong growth, an amazing quarter. I would say, as Bill just touched on, we are really excited about our growth potential in Japan and India. And with new appointment in Japan and Japan being the core geography according to Paul Smith, Chief Commercial Officer, is somewhere we really want to pay attention to, and we are very optimistic on the market side there.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, of course, Brad. Thanks for the question and apologies for my throat. So I think what you're seeing is early renewals were always correlated and still always correlated to net new ACV. And when people early renew, it's really about co-terming multiple contracts. And certainly, in the current environment, when -- I don't know if you want to say it's less budget flush or just more tightening of budgets, the need or the desire to co-term the contract is a little bit less than what we've seen historically. Not altogether surprising given the current macro. It's why I wanted to be really clear about the fact that early renewals have no impact on future revenue, right? And in the quarter, our target forecast for net new ACV as well as renewal ACV within the quarter actually overachieved, which is why we were able to come out with a strong 2023 revenue guide and why we feel good about not only the Q4 results, but also the position that we stand in the market as well entering 2023.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. It's a great question, Raimo. So I gave a good strong guide for operating margin as well as free cash flow margin for 2023. I think what you saw in Q4 from an operating margin perspective was continued discipline on the cost side, as you have seen us do and as you will consistently see us do. On the free cash flow side, obviously, that disciplined cost management flows through. But also, we did see some CapEx spend come through towards the tail end of Q4, which means that the payments are not due until Q1 of '23. So that does drive a little bit of headwind on the free cash flow margin in '23, which is why you see the guide that I gave. Hopefully, that's helpful.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Surely, it has nothing to do with the renewal dynamics internationally versus domestic. The difference between the constant currency growth and nominal growth really just has to do with FX rates that moved within the quarter. So no real differences internationally versus the Americas on the renewal side of things. With respect to the early renewals, what I would point to is the strong net new ACV growth in Q4 tells you. And by the way, very strong expansion rate in Q4 tells you that customers are not changing their behaviors with respect to renewals, on-time renewals or with net new expansion. What you're just seeing is a little bit of the lack of meeting to do co-terms and bring things forward in the current macro. Again, with 98% renewal rates across the board, we remain as positive as ever that not only will we continue to expand in '23, as you've seen us do in '22, but also continue to renew those best-in-class renewal rates.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Great question, Karl. What I would say is, overall, the underlying growth that we're seeing remains healthy. FX headwinds have eased slightly, but certainly are still material. And with the uncertain macro backdrop, we're going to continue to monitor the market and provide an update on our long-term targets at our Analyst Day in May. So I'd say, again, underlying demand, really strong; operating margin, well on the trajectory to hit 27%; with respect to top line and free cash flow, with the impact of FX, and that keeps moving along, we'll update those targets for you in May. But let's go back to what Bill talked about earlier. We remain very well positioned given the current macro environment. We are the platform of choice for digital transformation. And that opportunity is -- has not changed. If anything, it continues to grow.
Gina Mastantuono: A great point, Mark. And certainly, I think you're seeing a little bit of both. And what I keep telling folks is the fact that we are not having to rely on early renewals as much as we've done in the past, shows the resilience and the strength and the power of the Now Platform. But yes, I also think that in this market, people are holding on to cash a little bit longer. And that's not altogether surprising either.
Gina Mastantuono: Peter, I'll take the first question. So clearly, we're thrilled with the net new ACV growth that we're seeing, and not only are our expansion rates strong within the quarter and for the full year in 2022, we were really, really pleased to see that new customer, net new ACV grew over 30% year-over-year despite the headwinds. And we've talked about this in the past. We've really evolved our focus away from the number and the volume of new customers to landing the right new customers that can land with us and expand with us over time. And so the fact that these new lands are growing is testament to the platform, a testament to the breadth of products on the platform. And so as we think about 2023 and beyond, we absolutely expect to continue to see very strong expansion rates as well as good new logo growth. But again, it's about not the volume of those new logos, but the quality. And really, you can see that in our results. With respect to your comment on NRR declining by 300 basis points, that's not what we're seeing. I'm not sure what math you're doing, but I'm sure that off-line, Darren can talk you through it. But our net retention rate and expansion rate remains very strong in Q4 and for the whole year in 2022.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Great question, Keith. So first of all, your math is a little off, right? So we had in 2021, we had 85% gross margin, and then this year, 86%. And we talked about that 100 basis points being the change in depreciation life of our assets. And we've said that 100 basis points was going to come down to 50, right? So you take 86, you come off to 50, that gives you 85.5. And so what you're seeing, what I tried to call out in my script is, number one, we are seeing impacts of inflation, right, not surprising, and we've talked about. But also, we are also investing heavily in ensuring that our customers are getting to success in getting to implementation much faster with respect to our impact products. And so very conscious investment decisions being made there, offset by sales and marketing efficiencies that you've come to expect from us, which is why the operating margin guide remains absolutely where you would have expected to be because we're making investments in cost of sales to get our customers to implementation as a value faster, offset by the sales and marketing efficiencies.
Gina Mastantuono: I won't quantify the exact renewal headwind. But what I would say is that if not for the early renewals, we would have beat our cRPO guide. And with respect to the NRR, while we don't comment on exact numbers, it was absolutely consistent and relatively close to the 125 that you quote.
Gina Mastantuono: If I could just add, we're entering 2023, and Bill alluded to this earlier, we're entering 2023 with significantly more ramp reps than we entered into '22. So that growth. Yes, we might have had a little bit of a slowdown in hiring in Q4, but that was not on quota-bearing sales or engineering. We're entering 2023 from a ramp reps perspective, very strong, which gives us confidence not only with the pipeline we're seeing, but with the productivity that we'll get out of those ramp ups.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, Keith, I'll tell you that 30% net new ACV -- net new customer ACV growth, we're really proud of in the quarter. We haven't given those metrics in prior quarters. Suffice it to say that we continue to see those net new customer ACVs growing as we are landing larger deals with new customers. And those new customers are able to expand with us more. So really strong growth in the quarter, but we've not consistently given that, but to say that we are continuing to see that grow. With respect to ITSM Pro, we've talked about penetration being at about 35%, and that continues to do well.
Gina Mastantuono: It has continued to grow. We don't give that percentage every single quarter. We'll give it every time it hits the next five if that makes sense. But we absolutely are seeing Pro penetration continuing. CJ, I don't know if you want to add any
