Gina Mastantuono: Thanks, Kash. So the seasonality of our billings is changing a bit this year due to shifts in the timing of certain renewals. As I talked about in my script, some customers are realigning their new contracts for additional products to co-term with existing contracts. As a result, we expect the proportion of Q3 historical billings mix to now land in Q4. As I also previously mentioned, we saw about $18 million of billings shift out of Q3 and into Q2 due to the timing of renewals. If you add those points back to growth, you'll get a more normalized 20% plus, which puts us at the midpoint of the current consensus. So as again, I want to note, these changes only affect the timing of billings and do not impact revenue expectations or business performance at all.
Gina Mastantuono: And I would just add also that the management changes have no impact on invoicing or billings, right? Our billings guide for the full year is strong, and we remain highly confident in our ability to achieve it.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So we had good growth in the Americas. We had good growth in EMEA as well. We were really pleased with our results for Q2, really throughout the region. Really, they all achieved our expectations, which really helped drive the overperformance for all of Q2.
Gina Mastantuono: And on your question with respect to the RPO, and thank you for noticing such strong growth in our -- both our RPO and our current RPO. The difference in the billings schedule, right, so invoicing schedule will impact billings, but it will not impact our RPO. So this goes back to the comment that I made earlier, that the changes in the invoicing and billing are just timing related and do not impact our revenue expectations or our business performance. And so this is why billings is not always the best indicator. It's just timing and the core of our business remains ever strong.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. And I would just add to that, the launch of our state workplace applications. Goodness. This product was designed and launched in just a matter of weeks. And in the quarter, we saw over 30 deals closed. Now that's product innovation, incredible sales execution and quick time to value-added best. So again, really, really strong traction here.
Gina Mastantuono: And I would just add to that. With respect to our pipeline, our coverage ratio today is better than at the same time this time last year. And so from a confidence in our guide for the back half, as I said in my prepared remarks and Bill did as well, we're highly confident in our guide and our ability to execute in the back half of the year.
Gina Mastantuono: And I would just add also that our legacy HR is performing extremely well as well. At the end of the day, employee experience is more relevant than ever. And the C-suite budgets are shifting really to drive better employee experiences. We closed eight deals over $1 million in HR in the quarter and HR was included in 14 of the top 20 deals. We now have over 750 customers. And Bill spoke about the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania and Goldman Sachs in his prepared remarks. But another win we're proud of is with a multinational pharmaceutical company, who really should -- now to consolidate all of their systems into one portal, to reduce the complexity, because employee drives more self-service and really streamline and automate broken processes. So you're absolutely right. HR is definitely on the forefront of all C-suite executives today.
Bill McDermott: And Kash, thank you very much for your question and your very nice comments. Post pandemic, ServiceNow gets even stronger. And the reason for that is our customers have less limitations around them and their businesses. So you should feel very bullish about our company. Our $10 billion aspiration way beyond that. Here's what I see. The platform, the Now Platform is resonating everywhere. The ecosystem looks at it as a cross-platform integration engine, because there are so many siloed systems out there from the 20th century system of record. We don't compete with them, we simply make them better, so they layer in the Now Platform and enable business operations to execute even without having to change and redo their systems of record. So, that’s a big tailwind and the ecosystem all has multi-billion plans around ServiceNow, and there'll even be very large tech companies that will declare that very soon. On ITSM Pro, we're only 15% penetrated cash, and that is absolutely paradigm that will have 100% penetration. Employee experience, the simplicity of the employee experience has become not just a CHRO, but a CEO imperative because the war for talent is only going to get greater, not less. Premium talent is everything. And we're doing just a great job and employee experience, and we make all the other ones that are already there look better. I see companies with one system of record per 1,000 employees and very consistently. And with us, you just take one portal approach to simplify the whole scenario for the employees, especially with a hybrid future work environment, work-from-home or work from the office, work somewhere in between, we own that. And CSM, I mean, look at the Disney example. The Holy Grail has always been direct-to-consumer where a great product company didn't have to split their money through different channels and different routes to market where they could just go direct to their consumer. Look at Disney, how they innovated with Disney+. I think that example, when you think about virtual agents, you think about machine learning and AI, a platform to run your operations that provides a work order and a work flow instantaneously where customer is struggle with an internet order. So they get a subscription, they went to customer and customer happy experience. And then finally, when I think about CSM, it's the hugest TAM. So we're in it to win it. And I think Disney+ is a perfect example of the bright future for the Now Platform. And finally, look at this, Kash, you know this very well, low code, no code edge application. Our customers are building applications in hours and a couple of days, deploying them to, in some cases, 1.5 million employees within two days. That's the kind of rapid prototyping innovation and development that has to be done, and the Now Platform gives them that. These are major transformations in the enterprise, and ServiceNow will be at the forefront of leading this initiative.
Bill McDermott: Thank you very much for the question, Walter. We're about 15% penetrated in ITSM Pro and more than eight out of 10 customers automatically choose it right out of the gates. So we still have the entire installed base to continue to spread our wings in. And what’s really great about ITSM Pro and all credit to CJ and our great engineering team and brining now all the machine learning, the AI, the operational excellence that comes under Platform and you start to get into the predictive world with business automation, with ServiceNow, so that is going to be a huge tailwind for a long time for us. What I really love about it is it opens up all the other conversations with the employee experience, customer service management, the edge applications and then even innovation on the Now Platform itself. So I believe you should feel very, very, very confident in ITSM Pro and the pipeline is soaring.
Bill McDermott: Brad, first of all, thank you very much for acknowledging that. I know a lot of people thought I was going to pull up the van with crews that I might have had in another company and start making big changes. I found a great management team here. John Donahoe did a great job; Frank Slootman before him and Fred Luddy built an unbelievable company, and I'm proud to stand on the shoulder of those giants. And as it relates to me personally with this team, I'm not making any changes even now. So David Schneider is a great guy, him and I have a wonderful friendship and he's going to be with me all the way to the end of this year. So after 35 years, nine at ServiceNow, he's had a stellar career, by the way. He's still living, but he really wants to spend time with his family. He has an eight and nine year-old and 35 years on the road has been a lot. And he told me when I first met him that this was something he was interested in. So please know that in a certain sense, we're actually simplifying ServiceNow. Because Kevin Haverty, who's now the Chief Revenue Officer, has been running the number to ServiceNow for six years, and he's the guy. So when you think about our sales, sales operations, the industry go-to-market, Kevin had it, he still has it, and all of his leaders are perfectly held in place. There's no change. The second thing with Lara, as you know, she runs strategy for us, a very accomplished person. I just want to give you maybe a little cheat too because sometimes when you run a strategy, you don't know everything about the person. This is a college basketball player for four years as a starter. So talk about competitive. She led, along with Kevin, the go-to-market for our company. She has 20 years experience with CXO level transformations, and she led our M&A events, and she's been my right-hand on so many strategic issues since I've been here. So now she gets to put the value chain together. So our services business, we align presale, we align sale, we align post sale. We align the ecosystem in a value motion to deliver extreme upside for our customers, and she really gets that with the bane background and her experience at ServiceNow. She, too, is a tried, true and proven leader that I was fortunate enough to get to work with when I came here. So no change. The only thing that's mildly different is at the end of the year, David is going to pursue his retirement, spend a little bit more time with his family. But in the meantime, he's right by my side. He'll be focused on sponsoring large customers and mentoring Kevin and Lara for anything that they need. And, obviously, our culture is on fire. Our Net Promoter Score with the customer satisfaction, loyalty and our employee satisfaction is an all-time high. Please know, Brad, there is really no disruption here whatsoever.
Bill McDermott: And, Sterling, one thing that you may want to know is, EMEA just broke through the $1 billion run rate threshold, which is an exciting achievement. And getting Paul Smith in there to run EMEA, which is a proven enterprise software executive for many, many years in the enterprise space and him leaving a pretty well-known brand to come here, I think, is setting a statement. So we're rock-solid in every single region. We're rock-solid at the top leadership level, and there's nothing but trusted ServiceNow with our customers and our people.
Bill McDermott: Sure, sure. I'll let Gina give you the RPO numbers right. But look, the reality is this. The CEOs of enterprises around the world are going to be doubling down on their investment in digital transformation. They recognized in a pre-COVID world that you had to transform, but in a post-COVID world, you have to be digital to survive. I mean just think about it. Your employees have to actually work from anywhere now, if not all the way from home for quite a while. So digital transformation has hit everybody home, nine out of 10 CEOs have a digital-first strategy, yet only four out of those 10 say I'm ready for digital disruption. In other words, if somebody comes out their company with a digital playbook that's better than theirs. They don't feel ready for that. So this is playing right into the hand of ServiceNow. What's interesting is the ITSM backbone to really be the thought leader in IT in that strategic authority; it carries over to the employee experience. It carries over to the customer service management side, and also in edge applications. Take a great company like Lowe's. In the heart of COVID, they had to basically -- they deal with leave requests with their employees, how do I build an application in less than 96 hours and deploy it to 323,000 people? Well, you do it on a low-code platform like the Now Platform and you get it out there. So you're seeing everything come together now to ServiceNow, because we're a platform company. And I think that's the big breakthrough that all of our shareholders should realize because that platform now, if you talk to Microsoft, it's one of the top six strategic platforms for Microsoft. If you talk to any one of the big six systems integrators, it's one of their top platforms. Now people are realizing, my goodness, the 20th century architectures are too slow in these digital-first environments. How do I get fast? How do I get speed? And that's where the workflow revolution is hitting its stride, because behind every great employee or customer experience is a great workflow. And if you listen to my comments today, it's also security. Because now we have to take the worker and match the IT badge with their rights and privileges and their safety protocols around coming back to the office or having to be quarantine, or allowing their teammates to understand the dynamics of who's in and who's out. This is also happening in professional sports where we're highly involved as well. So all of these forces and more are saying platform companies win in a digital transformation environment, especially if they're born in the cloud.
Bill McDermott: So please, admin, not content and business, okay? Admin. We added handled billings and revenue are fine, margin, free cash flow, growth, everything where you wanted it.
Bill McDermott: It's absolutely a growing trend. If you – one of the examples I gave was the U.S. state department. Think about this, they use the Now Platform to create a dozen applications in three weeks tracking COVID for every country around the world. If you think about customers like Petrobras, a global energy conglomerate and Brazil's largest company, by the way. They are using the Now Platform to lead their digital transformation strategy. So it is clear that this idea of internal business process on an end-to-end basis has moved from a system of record idea because they realize the data gets trapped in a solo and a silo to streamlining things in a workflow. So this is how people are looking at product development now. This is how they're looking at process innovation. This is how they're thinking about reducing time from discovery all the way through to actually getting products and services to market. So I really believe we're onto something here, and we're at the forefront of the early days of the workflow revolution.
Bill McDermott: And if I could build on that, Gina, is absolutely right. I want you to know something. We referenced a few names in my comments today. And in all cases, we went against some other people out there that have heavily marketed their brands and their offerings. And why did the customers choose us? They said because you actually have a real product. It's not a prototype. It's not an idea. It's a product. And incidentally, when Uber actually implemented it in less than two weeks, they were stunned and I was very proud to have them talk about that success at our Board meeting the other day. So what you're seeing now is people realizing the difference between marketing and prototypes versus real products and scale.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Phil. It's a great question. What we have done, which is very interesting. If you look at it, we've actually increased the size of the workforce 20%, and we powered right through the first half of the year in the midst of a COVID environment. So we have the feet on the street. We have everyone through shark camp, which is what we call our training camp here. And we also have 323 summer interns that are early adopters to the ServiceNow brands who want to join the company. So we're hiring young, brilliant inspired people to be part of the movement. And right now, we have enough feet on the street to actually achieve our goals, and we're looking at everything, Gina and I, when we go through the math, a year in advance to make sure we have the bandwidth. We're also making sure we invest properly in our engineering strength. And I want to basically say, between engineering and go-to-market, there's nobody that can do it any better than us. So we really are looking at our own ideas, our own ability to invent and then having the capacity on the street and then the marketing savvy and the brand reach to get to people, not just in the Americas but all around the world to get them on the ServiceNow train. So we're ready, and we're going to keep building the machine.
Bill McDermott: I think the idea there is, the 550 downloads, the 30 wins that Gina talked, proving that we are head over heels better than the offerings and the alternative scenario with other people in the market. We know that. So now it's just a question of how much upside can we get in the back end of the year. It didn’t materially impact this quarter. Its upside, but it's not material. But in the future, I think if you look at employee experience as a holistic part of our business model. You take the core employee experience and now the return to work suite, and there'll always to be the next new innovation on top. But what I'm impressed with, Phil, is every two weeks, we have new releases that keep up with the ever-changing market dynamic. There's two things that are going on here that I really want you to register. Number one, the architecture that others have cannot innovate in two-week cycles and deploy with customers and get big companies running within – and fully deployed within two weeks. Architecturally, through various things of M&A and other things, they don’t have the clean platform that we have. And secondly, our engineering team, because the Now Platform is so simple, it can iterate on this platform so quickly. So we actually got the whole suite out the door in two weeks. The emergency response apps in March were done in three days, deployed in a week. So that is the difference, the time to market. And so, I would like the shareholders to understand that, that is upside, but not required to deliver the dream that Gina and I laid out.
Bill McDermott: Sure, sure. Thank you very much for the question. I appreciate it, Chris. As you know, the environment is right for this. There are enormous opportunities with underutilized software assets, lots of shelf ware. And obviously, this also is true in the hardware business and our product addresses both of that. What I would say to you is the rating that I gave you in my remarks; the independent research companies now have claimed us as a leader in the space. And the pipeline in this area is extremely good. Customers have activated us in all the scenarios that I have personally been involved in, they are looking at us in multiple ways. So typically, the software asset management is coupled with ITSM Pro and some other pieces, but it clearly will grow faster in the second half and beyond because of the leg work that we did in the first half, especially now bringing hardware asset management to market, so we can take a holistic look at both the hardware and the software, and both of those products have been raised by the independent researchers as a leader.
Bill McDermott: Yeah, sure, of course. Thank you very much for the question, I definitely appreciate it. In terms of our quarter, if you look at it, we had our largest security quarter ever for the company. Security was included in 15 of the top 20 deals. I spoke about Fiserv and JPMorgan, which incidentally, I can speak to with authorities since I was the executive sponsor for both of those great businesses. Another example would be a very large defense contractor that worked with us, they saw a tremendous value in an automated approach to security risk and vulnerability response and all on the Now Platform. So I think what you should take away from this is we don't go in there competing with people. We don't actually compete with anybody. We don't talk badly about system of record. We have no problem with any brands that are in market or any particular security company. What they seem to like the most is as they think about streamlining and automating their workflow, they like to have all of it on a Now Platform. So these are very smooth attach rate deals for us, because it's all in the workflow. And the companies like JPMorgan, for example, as you know, have beautifully run company's extraordinary IT talent, and they really like to combine everything that they do in the workflow itself. One example of a company that I was personally involved in it's as simple as this, an employee comes into a building, they have a batch. That badge is best understood by the ITSM Pro. Anything concerning that employee, for example, their rights and privileges, their office access, their computer access, we know everything about them. But also, we know everything about vulnerabilities and responses and attacks that might be coming into the company as well. And as you know, early detection is a whole key to solving these security problems before they get out of control. All of this is mastered in the Now Platform. So think of us as a platform company, think of this as workflow and everything as a business process or workflow in these companies has to be highly secure. And including the return to workplace that Gina was just talking about, I mean, half of the competitive advantage that we bring is knowing everything about the talent, their rights, privileges and what they should and shouldn't be doing. And that has been a big differentiator. That's why I think the IT backbone of our platform is a huge advantage.
Bill McDermott: Right. We have defied the logic of time and travel because of these modern digital technologies. So as a productive person, I think that all leaders would probably tell you the same thing. If you interviewed 100 CEOs in the business council, I think, 98 would tell you they can be in more places in more time zones than they ever could have imagined in the physical world. So I think the whole world is adopting to this. I'll give you another example. If you look at our engineering team, they have written more code, because we have all the analytics on the code and the productivity for engineer, and it's obviously good code. Everything works here. And then, in terms of the customers using our platform, all of the use rates are sky high, higher than ever before. So this is just telling me that people have adjusted. The shock of March has now become a norm, and business is going on. And that's evident in the pipeline, its evident in the linearity. It's evident in all of the communications I've had with our sales leadership, our industry leadership, our various go-to-market teams, what we're doing in marketing, what we're doing in product marketing. I mean people are amped up here. I mean, my biggest challenge here is telling them, hey, you guys got to take an afternoon off, go take a walk, relax. Because they're really just going full speed. So I believe you should feel very confident in ServiceNow today and very confident in the second half outlook and extremely confident in an inspired workforce to get the job done for our customers, so they can serve their customers.
