Michael P. Scarpelli: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer. Our press release and a simultaneous broadcast of this call can be accessed at our website at investors.servicenow.com. We may make forward-looking statements on this conference call, such as those using the words may, will, expects, believes or similar phrases to convey that information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent quarterly report on Form 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Michael P. Scarpelli: There were no true-ups. That was just the way the contracts were signed in quarters and the way they got recognized.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Sure. So there's 2 ways that we invest internationally. One is putting data centers where we know there's going to be data sovereignty issues, and Brazil is one of those that we started making investments last year with opening our first data center. Our second data center -- remember, we pair our data centers. Our second data center is being opened in Q1, and then we're opening a pair of data centers in Asia Pacific, one in Singapore and one in Hong Kong. And so we're doing a lot of hiring in Mexico, in Brazil, as well as APJ, in Singapore, Hong Kong, Japan and other areas over there. As well in Europe, we're going deeper in some of the other countries in Europe where we never had a presence before. And we're looking at some of the Eastern Bloc countries as well right now.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I apologize -- it's Mike Scarpelli. I actually don't have that mix, and that's not something we've really looked at internally. But I will say there are a number of large deals that we've been quoting with diamonds lately, which is our highest level SKU.
Michael P. Scarpelli: You have to remember that billings doesn't necessarily flow directly with revenue, because it depends upon the contract terms that you signed, and it depends upon, a, how are you billing your backlog, your renewals, as you get your renewals, when those are coming up for renewal. And so it's very hard to give an overall longer-term billings guidance at this time because you will have lumpiness in it. But we feel very confident that billings will be up this quarter from Q4.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes, well, we're still adding in North America. We think there is still a lot of runway in front of us to continue to split territories in North America. So you'll see a large percent going there. But overall, there's a lot of new markets we're going into, Asia Pacific in particular, and there are still a lot of countries in Europe where we just don't have the bandwidth to cover all of the accounts that are there. So it's going to be pretty much distributed.
Michael P. Scarpelli: We -- on Discovery and Orchestration, Orchestration is a product that we're really seeing in a lot of our upsells or on our existing accounts that were buying Orchestration. And as Frank mentioned, about 80% of our business comes from the core ITSM, and that 20% has come from CreateNow, the platform Discovery and Orchestration. We think those will be drivers in the future of our business and will become a bigger percent in the future.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes. So we have contracts coming up for renewal constantly. And at that time, it's generally -- it's usually a discussion around an upsell. But that is not the only driving factor of an upsell. Our sales reps who cover accounts are constantly looking at the usage of our customers and going back in and upselling those customers. So yes, there -- we do anticipate that 2014 will be another very good year of upsells, but it's not necessarily just driven by the renewals. In terms of the structure of the contracts, I don't really see the structure in terms of the terms of contracts changing dramatically.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes. A, we have a very healthy pipeline of new deals with -- that are north of $1 million. But remember, we continue to upsell our customers. And as we upsell our customers, they go over $1 million. And we have a lot of customers that are as well in that kind of $750,000 to $1 million range that will go over $1 million next year just with upsell.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available as a webcast in the Investors section of our website, as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release. Thanks for joining us today. This concludes our call, and we look forward to our next update in April, following the close of the first quarter.
Frank Slootman: Jen, it's Frank. We definitely are going to build certain applications ourselves, really with a focus on priming the pump and showing the marketplace what's possible. And so we're going into areas that we think that are high leverage to demonstrate the power of the platform. That said, that if you go out 3, 4, 5 years, we expect the vast, vast majority of application availability to come from our community: customers, partners, third-party software providers. And the #1 ask last year from our users conference was to build the sharing infrastructure, which is what we have now done, and we're going to be maturing that and then making that generally available come April of this year. So we're really pinning our strategy on community and partners to build the availability of apps on the platform.
Frank Slootman: It's a good question and I wish I had a very definitive answer to your question. But it's -- in general, it's both. A lot of the -- most of our expansion outside of IT comes from upsells. Typically in the original, the transactions are -- tend to be very much dominated by ITSM-centric deployments. We have a ton of evidence that the platform is getting traction, through our own operational metrics, as well as the service that you guys have been doing. So it's very evident that the community is super active in this regard, but sort of the general answer is it's coming from both areas in large volumes.
Frank Slootman: Yes, that was not a major event for the company. We -- I think that we've hired Arne early on in 2011, and he was very instrumental and helpful in transitioning our cloud infrastructure to what it eventually became. But because of the success that we've achieved over the last several years in that process, he essentially worked himself out of a job, and we really consolidated and organized into our permanent form. And it sort of became sort of a natural conclusion for both himself as well as the company that this was the way forward for us. So it's really not something that was unexpected at all. We were just looking for a good way to make that happen both for him, as well as for the company.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it's Frank. I can make some general comments on the stub [ph]. In general, it's -- it is a change that our marketplace is getting used to, so it's still early going in that process. But as you can see from our numbers, we're coming off an extraordinarily strong quarter. So we're obviously being very successful in running through the business with these new pricing models. In general, we're getting stronger monetization of the various aspects of our product portfolio. But all that said, we're still in the middle of sort of consolidating, stabilizing, and the marketplace in general is sort of getting used to the new way of doing things. And we expect that's going to take some time, but I think we're -- we've been very good at -- in transacting business in the last several quarters. So it's certainly helping us do what we want to do out there.
Frank Slootman: Well, prior to -- it's Frank. And prior to 2013, I mean, our sales force was almost exclusively focused on new logos. And coming into '13, we changed that and we now really have a balanced model that focuses on new logos. And then we have a whole sales team that looks off -- looks after our existing accounts. And you can see from the strong upsells all year long that, that model is working very well for us. So we're not going to sort of shift the balance back now towards new logos because the SaaS business becomes increasingly dependent on existing book of business and revenue portfolio, so we're not -- we're certainly not going to take our eye off that ball. But we're literally expanding as fast as we know how to do it in a safe way. You can always add more people, but you can only split territories so quickly. It takes people 9 months, 12 months to scale. So you cannot be ripping territories apart in every 3 months because after a while, you get into the threshing zone and it becomes unproductive to add headcount even faster than what we're already doing.
Frank Slootman: You broke up a little bit in asking that question, I think you're asking about how to think about the platform. We struggle quite a bit internally to try to respond to general interest in the capital markets on this topic. It's really hard to do with real authority, but there's a few things that I will tell you. We think that any kind of metric of a financial nature that we produce is not going to be, number one, very accurate because there's many variables in the transacting of business that influence it. Number two, it's going to be understated, also for a whole bunch of separate reasons. But the important thing for you all to realize is this is not how we manage our business. This is not how our customers think about the business. They see ServiceNow as one platform. There's all kinds of applications running off of them, some of them are standard, some of them are custom, some of them are IT, some of them are non-IT, some of them sort of bridge the middle in there somewhere. So that attempt to separate one set of use cases from another, we can -- it's very difficult to do with some form of credibility. So we really urge people that are following the company to really look at our marketplace in terms of what are our top line metrics, what is our penetration, what is our saturation because it's really one business. It is not multiple lines of business that are executing [ph] in separate swim lanes from one another. It's something that we will be emphasizing a lot, that we've tried to respond various ways to the interest there is, and try to delineate that, that we find that this is becoming less and less relevant to the way that we run our business and the way our customers view our business.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we don't have a specific goal, Jason, in regards to that. We obviously want our partners to become more instrumental in our business. I think we've made huge strides during 2013. KPMG has been a long-standing, really a leader in our business that jumped in without any reservation. Accenture is now coming on very strong. They influence some very large transactions during the quarter. What we really want to see is where the system integrators are, short of not following us around, but that we get an opportunity to follow them around. In other words, that they are starting to become more leaders of transactions rather than catalyst or influencers of transactions, which has sort of been the pattern that we've had. All that is very beneficial and good for the business, but we want to get it to the next level. And if there's a goal for 2014, that's really what we want to see. And we have evidence in a bunch of pockets where this is taking place, but we want to see it broad-based.
Frank Slootman: Well, what they -- what we really want them to do is proactively take us into their core business. So far what's been happening, they've been following us around. And if we had an overlap between our efforts and they have presence in those accounts, they were all too happy to participate in those opportunities, right? But we obviously want that situation to invert. Where we're going to be following them into their core business where we don't have any presence yet. So that's our goal for 2014.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we -- this is Frank. We've actually been super pleased with the traction we have with Performance Analytics during Q4. It's only 2 quarters in, and we largely exceeded our own plans and expectations on what that product is contributing in terms of ACV. So I think we're kicking off that trend line very favorably. It's just a product that can draft our overall go-to-market cadence really, really well. So we're super pleased with the way that's going.
Frank Slootman: Yes, Richard, we do believe that the financial dimension is important, which is why we have a partnership with the company that you mentioned. And it's certainly very possible that the company will make incremental efforts in that area. We are very rich on operating data, and the opportunity to map that operating data to financial data is something that the marketplace really likes. And of course, the IT community is really keen on that. But it is equally applicable to all the other service domains in the enterprise, right? Whether it deals with procurement or facilities or HR. So it's something that is important to us.
Frank Slootman: And one thing -- it's Frank, one thing that I would add to that, Walter, is that in spite of the fact that we've added an enormous number of headcount during 2013 and a lot of that headcount has gone into markets that were relatively cold, in other words, were not developed and we're pretty much starting from scratch, our sales productivity Q4-over-Q4 actually went up. So we view that as an extremely good sign that we're able to expand our sales organization, even though we're sending a lot of those people into very cold territories, and still be able to drive sales productivity the way that we have. So that is the reason why we're confident about it, then we're going to continue to do it.
Frank Slootman: Yes. In terms of the lower end -- it's Frank. In terms of the lower end of the market, I think we have previously either talked about or hinted at the fact that we're coming out with a lower end product that really sort of goes below that threshold that you mentioned. We are in test with that product at this moment in time, it's in the hands of a few customer, and it's going to take some time for us to sort of get that ready for prime time where we're really confident to get more aggressive about that. But we're definitely intent of having ServiceNow really sort of drill down into much larger volumes of accounts but obviously, much smaller institutions. In terms of verticalization, I mean, we -- we're not quite ready because our marketplace is incredibly horizontal. For us, it doesn't pay yet to have a real vertical orientation to our business. But a lot of our partners and system integrators, they do have that vertical orientation. So we map against their organization. So in that way, we do pick up some of that verticalization in a go-to-market approach. I would not exclude from the realm of possibilities as we get bigger and better in terms of the broader enterprise deployments that, that kind of an orientation will become a reality for us.
Frank Slootman: I think Orchestration has dramatically increased. And by the way, having a sales -- part of our sales organization focused on existing accounts has really helped that part of the business, because that's typically the follow-on side of sales that those guys focus on.
Frank Slootman: Well, our opportunity's really broad, but we are talking about having specializations in some of the areas that you mentioned, especially HR. Not so much because the applications are that different. It's because you have to be able to speak the language. They have a different terminology, and we just have to look and feel a little bit more like HR people than IT people. But the applications themselves, technically, it's all service management, right? Whether you're talking about IT or facilities or HR. It is amazing when you strip away the veneers, these things are doing very, very similar things. It's just in the interaction with your core audience. They just talk differently about the artifacts and constructs of their business. And that's why we're sort of in the middle of thinking about having sort of centers of excellence, people that we can use for those kind of projects. Because we've noticed that we're good at talking to IT people, we're not as good as talking to people in other service domains.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it actually has. And it's really interesting for us that we're starting to trigger a whole new set of partners that are specific to that space. And they're coming to us because they're finding that we are crossing over into their areas and sort of these are conversations are new to us. These are not firms that we normally would talk to. So we view this as a very positive development in our business.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it's Frank. We're much more organized now in terms of systematically evaluating categories and targets within the categories that we're looking at. We assigned a Chief Strategy Officer, somebody that actually is part of our executive staff and reports directly to me, with a team of people. And that's most of what they are engaged and involved in. It's not that we're -- the money is not burning a hole in our pockets, but we have a much stronger strategic posture these days than what we've had in the past. We know where we're going, and we're aggressively evaluating targets. That said, it's not easy for us to convince ourselves to move. We're looking for very strong talent and technology that'll be a good fit to our plans.
Frank Slootman: It's interesting, that's a very interesting question. Obviously, both of those things are going on. But oftentimes, people are looking at migrating applications that have lived in Lotus Notes for literally 2 decades and moving them over to ServiceNow. SharePoint, a whole plethora of web tools, stuff that's been lying around, and consolidating all these sprawled application portfolios and bringing them on to ServiceNow. That's how a lot of our CIO customers view ServiceNow, as a service platform for the entire enterprise where they can consolidate and really sanction application development that historically has been extraordinarily fragmented. So it's a good question. A lot of the stuff is also brand new, stuff that has lived on email and spreadsheets. And somebody finally woke up and said, "You know what, we're much better off implementing this on a real recordkeeping workflow platform rather than continue to do this in a messaging type of system." So that is what's driving that end of our business.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it's actually -- the one -- obviously, one name that we probably see more than most others is Force.com from Salesforce. I think we're typically the 2 flavors that gets considered for those kind of projects, though that's the most common, and when you sort of look at it in terms of things that are similar in concept.
Frank Slootman: There's a general sense, because we now have well over 2,000 enterprises and then 400 of them are Global 2000, there's a huge amount of experience in the marketplace, there's a huge amount of success, there's a strong ecosystem. So the level of confidence that has been built in the marketplace to go and undertake these transitions and these kind of implementations is much greater. And that is part of the critical mass that's been building momentum behind our business. So it gets easier because of the history that we have under our belt. Yes, that said, there's -- these are really ERP scale enterprise-type projects. It's not the sort of thing that you sort of do on a Saturday afternoon. They are very serious undertakings. They have to turn off legacy systems, systems that they may not have touched or don't even have people anymore that understand them. So these are very serious projects, and that's -- if anything slows us down, it's the general friction of turning off old systems and then launching brand new systems and managing through that transition. But as you can see from our revenue trajectory over the last 8 years, it's going pretty quick.
Frank Slootman: Yes, that would be a yes for me as well. I think we're coming off an exceptionally strong quarter. We're feeling extremely good about our business just because of the aggregate amount of experience that's been built up. Our infrastructure has been rock solid. We've been pushing five nines of availability, so we feel we're in really, really good position to continue to hire and scale. We sort of have everything going for us at this point.
Frank Slootman: You're correct. I mean, EMEA, over the last 3 quarters or so has been strong, has been consistent. And as you said, it's gapping up to the upside so we're very pleased with the sales execution. One market where we're finally turning the corner is Germany. We've had a complete reset there. And as you know, in Europe, because of how long it takes to bring people in and out, it takes a lot longer to turn territories around over there. But because Germany is such a dominant marketplace over there, and we feel that we're really on the right track and Q4 was really good for them as well. So that can really become a major engine for us. So we're doing well in the U.K. That's always been an exceptionally strong market for us. France has been a great market for us. We have a really, really strong team there. We have branched out into the rest of Southern Europe because we typically go where the Global 2000 accounts are hanging out. That's really how we deploy our resources. So we're pleased with the performance of EMEA in 2013 and especially in Q4.
Frank Slootman: We typically -- when it comes to IT, it's really the IT operations side of the house is our center of gravity. Within IT operations, you have a specific ITSM constituency obviously, and all those people are involved with ServiceNow. But we typically tree up all the way to the Head of Operations and the CIO. Most CIOs these days think of ServiceNow as their ERP. They view these as 10-, 15-year type of decisions. So it's very broad based and it does go all the way to the top of the house. So we're not selling in tiny pockets in IT. If you had that impression of us, that is not how it works. These are very broad decisions for IT organizations.
