Bill Mc Dermott: Well, Kash. Thank you very much for your kind remarks. You called the progress of our share price early on in the year, congratulations to you, you had it nailed. A couple of things, Kash. If you look at the geographies around the world, every single geography not only beat expectations, but they actually beat our internal plan handily. So every geography is expanding with ServiceNow at a record [Indiscernible]. If you look at our expansion in industry, we saw growth across all of our industry categories this quarter, it's amazing. Industries that were COVID impacted like transportation, logistics, business services, telecom, media, technology, financial services, government education, every single one of them was unbelievable success story this quarter.  And we have expanded dramatically in manufacturing, healthcare, life sciences, telecommunications, and banking. just to name a few. So think GEO, think industry, also think persona. This employee workflow business of ours is unstoppable because the employee experience is unstoppable, especially in a labor market that requires talent. And as you pointed out [Indiscernible] remarks are absolutely right. The GDP growth in tech is inescapable because it's the only way out, in a hybrid world to manage a competitive Company especially when you're competing for talent and you have to give them a great experience.  Example, on-boarding experience, connecting all of their training tools, really making them a part of the culture when they might not even be in your buildings. Customer workflows, we announced a partnership with Twilio. Dealing with what's app and various messaging techniques, because all the old school ways are going away quickly. So with our CSM, our employee workflows, the experiences we're giving to people, is just unreal. And don't forget the creator workflows. 500 million net new applications will be developed in the next 2 plus years. And that will be developed for companies, by companies in their own technology departments and there's not enough engineers to do that in the world.  So the Now Platform is a growth sensation. All of these forces are coming together at once. And that is why I could not be more confident in the bullish stance on ServiceNow, not just in the short term, we run our business with clear messaging, clear facts. We could see the pipeline way into 2022 and some cases beyond. It is a fantastic situation right now, Kash. And Kash on your question with respect to the '22. Obviously, it's a bit early to talk guidance, but you are 100% correct. Our renewal base is very strong. We've seen very strong net new ACV acceleration throughout the year, as I've been talking about. And so we feel really bullish on the opportunities ahead of us in '22. The one thing that I would note is that FX has turned against us a little bit as we head into '22. And so I'm sure you would have all seen especially with respect to the euro, the dollar increasing. And so we have a bit of a headwind on FX as we look into '22. But feel really good about the underlying health of the business, our renewal of our net new ACV. And so we're poised to have a strong 2022. Very gratifying, brilliant. Thank you so much. Thank you, [Indiscernible].
Bill Mc Dermott: Kirk, thank you very much for your question. We had a very, very strong federal quarter. 15 deals over a million, 14 federal agencies are now paying us more than 10 million. Key strategic wins included the IRS, which I talked about already, but it's certainly not limited to that. It's pretty amazing how the government is rethinking strategies in terms of communication and providing the services digitally to the citizens, which is incredible because as you know, that's all about the user experience and it's a workflow challenge. For example, look at how difficult it was for the government to get money out to small businesses during COVID.  There also were some big opportunities with new initiatives in the administration including resiliency, our business continuity, outages, terrorism, COVID, cyber security on top of many lists. The White House actually put out an executive order on improving the nation's cyber security after recent ransom attacks. So that's all workflow related leveraging existing systems that don't talk to each other very well. You certainly not going to rip and replace them, so that's where the Now platform comes in. And then just think about vaccine management, it remains one of the greatest workflow challenges the government faces.  And boosters now will likely need to be re-administered on a regular basis. This again is a workflow challenge to distribute, administer, and monitor vaccines. We're in the mix on all of that. And what we're seeing is the connection of federal, state, and cities. They're all implementing the Now platform to engage with citizens. They're using products like Customer Service Management to help digitize these workflows that can no longer be processed in person, because the offices are still closed during the pandemic.  So overall, take this as a strong, aggressive, bullish, confident reply that the public sector is embracing the Now platform as its transformational opportunity at federal, state, local, university, and all public entities that are quickly embracing us. Because our Net Promoter Score is so high and we're a mouse that's saying this is the way to go, go now.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah. Brad, thank you very much. The quick answer is the creator workflow platform. But what you're seeing out there is many businesses really have not maximized the value of their digital investments because they lack insight into the inefficiency of their processes. And that's what's holding back their business operations. So if you want to move the needle, organizations are going to need to understand how work is done across people, processes, and systems. So what's happening here is ServiceNow and Celonis that help customer map those elements in real-time, and then build digital workflows to more efficiently automated work.  So we're going to create a seamless product experience for customers that's going to make it easy and simple for them to get insight into their processes across multiple enterprise systems. You'll be able to use Celonis 's EMS platform, and convert that insight, the x-ray, into action, automation, and remediation on the ServiceNow workflow platform. So think about brand to get the process mining, automation machine learning, RPA, and low-code app development into a seamless combined product experience that customers will be enabled to quickly and continuously improve the flow of work.  So, shorter answer is the creative workflow platform, but what's happening is Celonis gets the x-ray, especially in the non ServiceNow environments. And then we use all the power of the Now platform, including process mining in the ServiceNow environment to give them a fast automation platform to make that business process home and really drive business outcome. I think this one is going to be really exciting and I thank my good partners, Alex and Bastian and Martin. I know our engineers are very committed to each other and we were going to nail it.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah. It's amazing. We literally had a review of this business just yesterday, and our outstanding leader just took us through it. And what you're basically saying is, the Now platform is integrated with all systems of record. So customers can build applications fast. And we really are the platform of all the other platforms. I've been seeing platform or platforms for a long time. And I want to make it clear we respect all those other platforms, all those other excellent brands. Our job is to make all of them even better by moving into the action layer or the hyper-automation layer on the Now platform.  And a trend we're seeing is, the younger generation of workers, they're not going to submit tickets. They want action. So enterprises are creating these centers of excellence, and they're letting students and developers build the solution to solve for the business challenges. I believe that hyper-automation is a key differentiator,, and because we have this 1 platform that does it all, RPA low-code process mining all on a single platform, and now with Celonis we get process mining in the non-service now environments, we bring everything together so customers can completely rethink their business model.  Example I gave in the script is Stanley Blacker their base -- Stanley Black & Decker. They're combining their new manufacturing vertical solution with the App Engine to build over 70 custom applications. This is all being done on the now low-code application platform. And our Fujitsu also is an example where they using App Engine to drive digital transformation and sustainability across the Company, moving the green line, not just the top and bottom line.
Bill Mc Dermott: You should think of ServiceNow as a growth Company. As a Company that is firing on all cylinders and as a Company that is attracting the best talent in the industry. And that's really a sustaining part of our success. I'll give you an example, you take somebody like Erica Volini, who joined from Deloitte, she had a fantastic career at Deloitte. And she wanted to come in and help us transform the service experience for our customers. We're collapsing the pre and post-sale conversation. Everything here is about business impact and we're rethinking the whole services model. That's why our customer satisfaction and our net promoter score, is soaring. Not just our retention, we're focused on the in-process measures.  That's why Jon Ziglar (ph) came to us after great career at Apple, Microsoft and sales force and said, he believes that the Now platform was the future of business. And what we have been able to do is, hire thousands of people, even in a pandemic. Because the Now platform enables us to create the seamless hiring on-boarding, immediately scaling people off to our culture and their training needs, and then managing them in a hybrid world in a way that gives them the experience of our culture, and the word gets out there quickly. We are literally harder to get into the Stanford statistically, even as you see thousands joining.  So we are not opportunity constrained, and that's what I've been saying the whole time. Why are we organically growing? Why are we committed to our engineering? Why are we fiercely committed to our market leadership? Because we can be, this is the plant of this generation and we're investing primarily in great engineers and go-to-market, especially quota-bearing, where we can deliver for our shareholders, our customers, and our partners. The other thing I want to underscore is we have really expanded the ecosystem. So as you even see us hiring thousands, just think the Ecosystem is hiring even more thousands on thousands, to get around this Now platform and get their piece of the action in GEOS, in industries and Personas, this is a growth story.
Bill Mc Dermott: Alex, it's a great question. I could not be -- I could not possibly be more confident in our our ability to achieve the 15 billion plus on an organic basis by 2026, which is exactly what I said at the Investor Day. And I also underscore the fact that we recognize that our balance sheet is extremely strong and will be even stronger as we move into the future. And we continue to source, look at, consider all options that would benefit shareholder value creation without ever passing on any tech debt to customers as many others have done.  So, just know that everything is always on the table, but at this time there are no substantial acquisitions on the table, not a single one. And we could not be more confident in our organic growth. In fact, that's where we're looking at our investments and we're prioritizing them because we're certainly not opportunity constrained, Alex. The Company is in fantastic shape.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yes, you should expect it to continue, Tyler. The reality is we've become a platform Company. I came in a couple of years ago now, and we've really seen the transformation of the Company to full-scale enterprise software companies. And we took the strength that we had in IT and we have made it really our hallmark because it's very clear now in this world, as the world is dealing with digital transformation, everybody understands that the technology architecture is the business architecture.  And that has given us enormous responsibility, but also permission to expand the perimeter into the employee experience, into Customer Service Management, including direct-to-consumer, field service management. This create a workflow business which is just an absolute sensation ties together so many of these just disjointed processes systems and silos and enterprises today, and really puts together an enterprise software market leading approach from ServiceNow, so think of us as an enterprise player on a platform that is unstoppable.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah, actually, it's a great question, Tyler, because I know in some industries they talk about the supply chain dilemma and boat off the port with a lot of things in them. But this is actually an opportunity for us, because what's happening now is companies have to reorient their business models. They have to think about their extended supply chain. They have to rewire who their partners are actually going to be, and who they're not going to be. How they're going to source things from different places in the world that they've never even worked with before. And this is all going to create the extended supply chain opportunity for the Now platform.  You might have noticed, for example, we acquired Deep Brain, which is a small Company in Denmark because we are in so many different ERP related conversations where we're helping our great ERP friends instead of doing mass customization through consultants that would take years and years. With the Now Platform, you can do it in days. So this is creating a ground swell of opportunity on the ERP level, on the supply chain level, on the finance level, on the procurement level, it's just unbelievable. I mean, I've never seen an opportunity like this in my entire career.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yes. Thank you very much, Sterling. I really appreciate it. So let me start with Lightstep first of all because I want to give a big shout out to Ben and his great team. We love Ben. We love his team. And they're just going to be a sensation here. We're continually impressed by the depth of engineering talent at Lightstep and the?absobability? solution. We're still in the early innings of integrating the business as you know, but we've had strong up-sells from existing customers and we're seeing that as a testament to how they value Lightstep's product. And it's already delivering to organizations. It's currently being sold on a stand alone basis. But we expect that to be going to market solidly with ServiceNow, at an enterprise level in 2022.  We're also doing some product direct sales with the Light step product in the Internet channel. And I think that is also a potential elixir that markets may not be expecting from ServiceNow. It's a new play in the playbook and we're pretty excited about it. On CSM, I'm really excited about our leadership in CSM. We have a fantastic leader in CSM with industry renowned experience, and we're winning in verticals everywhere. Whether it's financial services, telecom, healthcare, and life sciences. It's pretty incredible. What you're seeing here, and I actually went through this business review yesterday as well, you're seeing CSM completely rethink direct-to-consumer. You're rethinking Customer Service Management.  And you're thinking about messaging, you're thinking about Whatsapp differently, you're thinking about Twilio and ServiceNow, embedding these really swift solutions for the customer experience. Think about field service management. Think about the connected experience for the ultimate consumer. Yes, other CRM companies have done a very good job on the engagement layer.  Unfortunately, the customer experience doesn't end with the engagement layer. It begins with the engagement layer so the operations layer of the Company and the back office IT capability of the Company has to be tethered to that engagement layer, which is given us net new opportunities, including IoT opportunities with field service and fleets of products, fleets of trucks, fleets of cars, easy marketplaces that we've never seen the likes of.  And then you combine that with the creator workflow, where it's like, Hey, I can have it my way. You mean I can customize that? Yeah. And guess what? When you do the upgrade would ServiceNow, you don't have to get the consulting team into rethink the whole implementation, with us it's invisible. It's like driving a Tesla, you press a button the next day you have a new Tesla, that's what ServiceNow is doing, incredible innovation.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah. Well, thank you very much, Raimo. Again, as I said, ServiceNow's platform has process mining. We have RPA,we have machine learning, we have AI ops, we have all the predictive technologies based on the moves we made as you know, built in. But there are non-ServiceNow environments, especially if you think about large scale ERP environment, that's just 1 example where our business processes are fragmented, there are multiple instances of multiple participants, and the customer really needs an X-ray.  What's going on around here? And we combine that knowledge of all the non - ServiceNow environments that require process mining x-ray with what we do ourselves to get a forced multiplier effect. And as a result, so long as it's there, there's no doubt, the gold standard for workflow automation in the enterprise is ServiceNow. Why would we want to spend our time building the gold standard? We partner with you. We move into the x-ray into the action layer and together we offer the customer something they never got before - a great x-ray and an unbelievable immediate value to action process on the Now Platform. And I really think this is a perfect example of trust being the ultimate human currency.  I would've never done the partnership with Alex and Bastian, and Martin and their terrific team. I might add in Munich, Germany, one of my great friends. In the world, I know it's how much I love Germany as the second home. So it's really fun to work with them. They all went to the Technical University of Munich, by the way, we have great relationships. And just think about all the customers in Germany, that are going to hear this news, they are going to be like, wow, I'm trying to modernize my architecture. Can you give me an x-ray and then you can move all the innovation onto an action layer and then I can start to drive business outcomes in days, weeks and months, as opposed to multiple years, I think I signed now,
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah, Matt, there's no doubt, it's all upside. Because what you're seeing now is a purely digital motion to the marketplace. The great news is CEOs, management teams, and leaders of all kinds and companies, both in the public, and the private sector, have accepted this new way of communication. Which I believe has expedited collaboration, and has expedited decision-making because you don't have the clunkyness and the clumsiness of the heavy travel to get something done in a few minutes as opposed to a few weeks, especially in a global Company, is a blessing.  However, there is nothing that will ever replace humans being in the same room, ideating, collaborating, dreaming, thinking about the next frontier. And that's why it's all upside for us, because we're going to combine everything we're doing now in the playbook with the direct motions. And we're going to leverage the hybrid world both for ourselves, our customers, and our partners. So I actually think the tailwind going into an economy that's opening up is probably underestimated by everybody on the call today.
Bill Mc Dermott: Yeah. I -- it's a really good question Arjun what I'm saying is there's still a massive set of customers out there with legacy. And what you're also seeing and Gina as an example, is our internal champion on ESG. We're sure beautifully with the engineering team when we announced one of the greatest ESG in a box solutions in the world. Actually I think it's the only one in the world. But what's amazing is there's all these islands of automation. Everybody is doing something good that's a modern system or a modern product or a modern tool that's fine. But it doesn't necessarily unify on a common architecture where there is security, there is enterprise coherence.  There is business operations, there is one end-to-end process that includes all the people, all the processes, and all the technology, and that's where the Now Platform comes in. And is especially true, in the world of 20th century architectures, because even if you move them to a Cloud, just think about the costs, the time, the risk, and the companies that are dealing with do or die moments today, they just don't want to wait. So to have an action platform that can absolutely simulate the perfect enterprise at record speed, and I might add with a gorgeous consumer grade UX, is a sensational business case. And that's why you're seeing the deals get bigger.  You've seen us go into a platform Company model and you now see that service now is their clear sensation? It's because we're giving the customer what they want, and what I also learned -- and I think it's an important attribute of our engineering culture and our great engineering leader and all of his leaders on -- we always say here at ServiceNow that our strategy is informed by our customers strategy and deeply understanding their issues and their opportunities. And we're so quick to be able to innovate and get new releases out to market at excellent quality. And then even the ones that we didn't get out in the release can be handled by the creator workflow platform.  We also build something inside of ServiceNow called NowX, where we have a series of on deck organic innovations that are going to hit the market and take it by storm. I had an earlier question on supply chain. That's one of the major areas where we're focused on. So, there's such an opportunity with legacy there's still such an opportunity to unify these enterprises on common platforms. There's such an opportunity for hyper automations, to automate what people thought they already automated. That I just can't see any constraint to the growth agenda of ServiceNow.
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks for the question. I really appreciate it. Listen, I think we are really proud of the Q3 beat that we saw. Bill talked about all GEOS operating on all cylinders. And that's across the geographies, across all of the product portfolios. And so we were really pleased with the beat that we saw in Q3. We absolutely continue to see more business back-half-weighted to Q4. That is going to be a trend that we continue to see.  When you look at our Q4 results and our Q4 guide, you have to remember last year Q4. We had that 80 million of early payment that were brought forward, that really drove a higher growth number in Q4. And if you normalize that -- it's why I called out pretty transparently in the script. If you normalized for that, we're seeing 32% growth in Q4 billing. And so a really strong guide given our scale and our base.
Gina Mastantuono: And Tamar on your follow-up question with respect to Q4. And so I talked a bit about the normalized billings. So that's 32% for Q4. We actually have a 50 basis points FX headwind in Q4 of this year versus we had 150 basis points tailwind in Q3. So we really are moving in the right direction. What I would also call out is last year Q4, saw a tremendous growth, even when you normalize for those 80 million in collection.  And so we are basically at 32% growth in Q4, this year is normalized, on top of a 32% growth last year. So strong growth upon strong growth, I will say also that not only did we raise the guide for Q4 by our Q3 B, but we increased it by another 13 million in billings. We are seeing headwinds in Q4 for FX, but excluding that constant currency, constant duration growth is really strong.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah. We're really pleased with our new logos, both from Q4 of last year and throughout 2021. We're seeing strong growth even in Q3 with 6 new customers greater than a million dollars, and they're across industries, just in Q3 alone, that's banking, retail, manufacturing, and energy, just to name a few. We are absolutely seeing our deal sizes grow. New customers, average deal size grow quarter-on-quarter, and year-on-year. And we're seeing healthy growth abroad in EMEA and APJ as well. And so we're really focused on evolving our land to the right new customer. And IC continues to be a high percentage of those new logos. And we're seeing we are actually seeing a much higher percentage also, of land occurring with CSN, App Engine and HR, and so those cohorts are growing very well. Our expansion rate is doing very well, and just really firing on all cylinders across all 3 of our geographies.
Gina Mastantuono: It's a great question and so rightfully so, you took into account the FX is impacting our CPR -- C RPO. Most of the remaining CRPO growth as I already said, is actually due to seasonality within our renewal cohort. And so our typical customer contracts as far as you know, is around 36 months on average, and we have a large cohort coming up for renewal in 2022. So this is starting to flow out of Q4 of this year. Which because of one included the future renewals until they renew with pipeline sale.  And so that deceleration is really what's driving that -- it's the seasonality of the cohort that's driving that deceleration. And once that cohort renews in 2022 and with 98% renewal rates across-the-board, we feel really good and strong about our renewal base, that will have a stabilizing impact with the RPO growth into 2022.
Gina Mastantuono: Absolutely, it's a great question. Thank you so much, Alex. So, first of all, 100% I noticed that many of our learnings from working remotely will absolutely have lasting effect on our overall efficiency. But I've been pretty transparent throughout the year, that it does give us the ability and the agility to redeploy savings elsewhere. Like Bill just talked about organic growth. We are at an inflection point where we have no lack of opportunity and we are a first and foremost a growth Company and we will absolutely invest behind that. That being said, at our Financial Analysis Day in May, I talked about committing to 26.5% margin by 2024. We absolutely remain committed to that and on that trajectory, but I don't think that, that increase is going to be linear.  As we think about offices reopening, and travel becoming more consistent and in-person events happening more. We definitely don't believe that it's going to be a linear path to 26.5. I'm not actually in a position at this point to guide the 2022, but we are 100% committed to over that 3-year period, getting to 26.5. Because we absolutely believe that will have savings that will be able to pay from these learning and efficiencies from the pandemic and redeploy them on growth opportunities that we see absolutely in front of us today.
