Michael P. Scarpelli: Good afternoon and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer. Our press release, our quarterly IR deck and the simultaneous broadcast of this call can be accessed at investors.servicenow.com. We may make forward-looking statements on this conference call such as those using the words may, will, expect, believes, pipeline, prospects, or similar phrases to convey that this information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K for information on risk and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, a lot of it has to do with timing of renewals and other things and billing our backlog. And remember, the biggest chunk of our billings is actually billing our contracted backlog and based upon the historical billings terms that they had, as well as new renewals that we do. And it does get impacted. There is potential upside in any quarter in billings if you're able to pull some renewals into a current quarter with upsells. And we just don't forecast that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The second half is really just as we continue to expand within some of our data centers, there is some new capacity coming online that's going to hit us with depreciation. And that's reflected. And also, we plan on stepping up some of our hiring in second half of the year within both our support and our cloud infrastructure. That will negatively impact the subscription margin line, hence why we guided to 80% from the 82% that we achieved last quarter. But long term, I will reiterate the guidance we gave at our Analyst Day, long term we see the leverage we'll be able to get out of our subscription line.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And on the federal government, Kirk, as you know, Q3 generally is one of the stronger quarters for the federal government and as of right now, it looks like we will have a good quarter, but we really don't talk about individual lines of business in terms of segmentation, how they do. But as you know, we've had the big investment in our federal organization, not just on the sales side, but our data center, so we're very hopeful long term that will be very meaningful for us.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yeah. In terms of our reps in our sales and when we talk about head count, we always talk about sales and marketing headcounts in total. And we are continuing to add with what we've said before and that's not changing. In terms of productivity, we did see an increase in productivity sequentially from Q1 to Q2 which we're very pleased with and it was pretty much flat from the year ago quarter.
Michael P. Scarpelli: From a geography standpoint? No. It was pretty much consistent as you saw on our revenue side. Some of our big deals, I will say, that big financial institution we talked about was the European one. And so upsells were very strong in EMEA and we are pleased with our results in Asia Pacific as well last quarter.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Stay tuned for long-term guidance on free cash flow in January for 2016. We really don't give long-term guidance there and as we said earlier we're expecting about $35 million in free cash flow in Q3. And one of the reasons it's down quite a bit from the $65 million, we just did is, as we mentioned at our Analyst Day, we're off to a very strong start in Q2. And as a result we did a lot of billing early in the quarter and collected where historically we would have done the billing in the quarter and collected in Q3 for instance. So that's one of the reasons why our free cash flow is there, but we're very pleased and we're tracking well ahead of where we thought we would be at this time in the year and for the full year.
Michael P. Scarpelli: As Frank mentioned, we're very pleased with what we saw, the growth in our commercial business. And we think it's back to where it needs to be right now and we think that's behind us now but obviously time will tell.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So I apologize, Matt, you cut out a little bit, so if I don't answer your question properly, I couldn't really hear the first part. I think you were asking the linearity in Q2, how was that? Yes. It was one of our fastest starts to the quarter as we had mentioned before and it's one of the beads in our subscription because the revenue came in – or the deals closed sooner so we were able to recognize more of that revenue in the current quarter. In terms of Q3, we're pleased with the start, where we are today. It's not as fast as last quarter but we weren't expecting that to be, but I would say it's slightly ahead of where we have normally been in the past in Q3.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I would just say, Rob, we're comfortable with the guidance that we gave for Q3 on the revenue side in the balance of the year and...
Michael P. Scarpelli: Long, for quite some time, our free cash flow margin will exceed our operating cash flow margin as we continued to grow here. And so, I don't see us long-term coming down below that number where it's at, because obviously we're showing margin expansion on the operating margin line on a non-GAAP basis, so there is nothing that – you wouldn't expect it to go down from there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yeah, so on the sales cycles, obviously commercial accounts can have a much shorter sales cycle. On average, though, we're still seeing nine-plus month sales cycle. Large Global 2000 accounts, you can have two-year plus sales cycles. So it does vary quite a bit by the type of customer we're selling into. And I really don't expect that initial sales cycle is going to change anytime soon, especially on large accounts because, remember, there are no Greenfield opportunities in the initial sale when we're selling into many of these people on an ITSM replacement. Now, upsells tend to happen much quicker than accounts. But once again, it varies by customer.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, on a quarter-over-quarter basis, you won't always see that type of leverage. But you should expect to see year-over-year quarter, we will continue to show leverage in our model.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thanks, Karl. So the full year guidance we gave was 6% per operating margin. In terms of the Q2 beat, there was a combination. One was we came under quite a bit in our expenses around our K15 event which we were – we managed that very well. The other thing is, hiring as you did mention. And thirdly, there were just some expenses particularly around some of our legal expenses and it was the timing of those where we were expecting we're going to come in Q2 and they pushed them to Q3.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So there is a separate team that handles renewals, but the sales people are actively involved in those renewals, especially on our larger accounts and what I was referring to on the billings around the renewals, many times our sales people are negotiating upsells with customers and we end up doing the renewal early with those upsells that relate in billings that is very hard to forecast is what I was referring to. And that's been something that we've been dealing with for years as a company.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, what I would say in Q2 as we mentioned our weighted average billing term was 12.2 months versus 11.7 months in the previous quarter. And as a result that was about a $10 million pickup we had because we had some multiyear billings in the quarter. And I don't – we don't forecast multiyear billings in our billings guidance.
Michael P. Scarpelli: As a follow up to your other part of your question, initial deals still tend to have a bigger service management component and the follow-on deals tend to be more skewed towards products outside of service management. That doesn't surprise us because our land-and-expand strategy all along has been we sell into IT, it's generally an ITSM replacement. We are starting to do more beyond that in initial deals. But, remember, because we have so many old customers that started with ITSM, a big portion of upsells tends to be outside of service management.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, generally our minimum deal on the enterprise is $42,000 a year. The average ACV on Express is somewhere between $10,000 to $15,000. So you can see the uplift.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available in the investors Section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
Frank Slootman: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon. Total revenues for the second quarter were $247 million, up 48% over the same period last year. During the quarter we saw strong renewals at 97% and healthy upsells at 43%. We recorded nine new transactions with ACV above $1 million. The company now has 186 customers with ACV in excess of $1 million, a 68% increase from last year. This reflects both new customers with larger initial contracts as well as customers who expanded their use of ServiceNow. We also landed 21 new Global 2000 customers including Caterpillar, Novo Nordisk and Alliant Energy. One of our existing Global 2000 customers, a financial institution, signed our largest upsell transaction ever with ACV in excess of $6 million. They are focused on modernizing service by providing employees with an online user experience and structured workflow for managing requests across the entire bank. This initiative was driven by the CEO with a vision to transform the entire organization. During Q2, we saw strong performance of the emerging products that are outside our core service management offerings. Our Performance Analytics solutions had a quarterly record for new customers and ACV including its single – its largest single transaction ever. The ACV for our IT operations management portfolio nearly doubled year-over-year driven by 21 deals larger than $100,000. The ServiceWatch solution had a record quarter and was our best performing product in the ITOM portfolio with strong interest from our existing customer base. On the heels of our acquisition of Intréis, our GRC solution recorded its largest transaction with ACV of nearly $2 million and growing interest from our existing customers. During the quarter, our ServiceNow Express product landed 74 new customers including its largest. Seven of our existing Express customers upgraded to our enterprise version in Q2. We also booked the first transactions for our new financial management application with six customers and a robust pipeline of pilots and prospects. Finally, we set new attendance records at our Knowledge15 conference in Las Vegas with more than 30% growth. Our conference is branching out beyond the boundaries of IT with 25% of the breakout sessions focused on topics outside of IT. Our inaugural developer conference, CreatorCon, exceeded our expectations with nearly 1,500 registered professional developers and application architects. We certified more than 400 developers at the event. Since we launched our CreateNow Developer Program, we have nearly 10,000 sign-ups and provision more than 4,000 developer instances, an essential resource to help developers learn and build market applications on the ServiceNow platform. To help these developers monetize their applications, we also launched the ServiceNow Store. We now have 96 applications and integrations published on the store with almost as many in the pipeline going through certification. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Frank Slootman: Feeling good about it, Brent. I mean, we've consistently been skewed toward the very large enterprise in our business more and more so over the last several years. And we continue to do well there. It's not just the new logos that we're landing; it's also that our footprint in the Global 2000 logos that we already have continues to expand very nicely. It's really a key part of our strategy to land in those enterprises and then grow our footprint in them. And it's one of the reasons why we highlighted the traction that we're having with our emerging products, because that all flows into those large institutions as well. So it's really an ongoing opportunity for the company to sell new and existing products.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, Raimo, people have been pretty happy with the fact that we have a monetization feature in our community at this point. As you know, we had our Share facility, allows people to upload and share contact. But what's new of course is the ability to monetize. It really becomes a route to market for professional software developers, people that not just build software for a living, but also have to sell it for a living. So it's really opened things up. It really goes hand-in-hand with a bigger program that we have to attract professional developers to our platform. That's why we made a whole bunch of other announcements around it as well. So, we signed up 10,000 developers to the program. We're now provisioning developer instances to developers for free. All we need is an email address. So we've really lowered the bar to allow people to come in, stay a while, learn, really explore and experience what it's like to be on our platform. I think the store is just sort of one aspect of that overall strategy for us. And so far it's been well received.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, so, Keith, this is Frank. On the re-org, as we emphasized during the quarter, this is something that straightens itself out in the normal course of business. And, for example, the big re-org was to really split our organization between enterprise business and commercial business. And we saw our commercial between Q1 and Q2 grow sequentially about 72%, which really is a fairly healthy indicator that things are normalizing and straightening themselves out. So we think that's really behind us. In terms of your other question, hiring obviously is an enormous responsibility and a huge task that we have every quarter to bring so many people on in all different categories that we're hiring. We were certainly under where we would have liked to have been in Q2, but we reiterated our guidance for the full year. So we have not backed off of our intentions to hire in all the categories. So, obviously having things like big conferences like Knowledge in the mix doesn't help, but we had a good start on hiring coming into Q3 and we'll have to pedal down for the rest of the year.
Frank Slootman: So, Kirk, there's really no update beyond what I talked about in the prepared remarks. It's very early going. This sort of thing has a slow fuse on it and we've really started seeding the marketplace with developer programs, with free developer instances. As I said, we're approaching 100 absent integrations on the store. There's another number like that in the pipeline. So we're at the very beginning, I feel in terms of that entire process and before people fully sign-up, fill the applications are ready to go to market, quite a bit of time goes, but you got to get started and that's what we've done here. So we'll be updating you in future calls on where are with this.
Frank Slootman: No, it was not in the prepared remarks. The thing that, I keep emphasizing, all of the ServiceNow business is platform business, right? It's only one thing. You're referring specifically to the licenses for custom bespoke applications, which is something separate. We did not disclose the data. I don't have that on me either. But that continues to do very well. I mean, we have 85% of our customers have – on average, 6.5, 7 applications deployed on our platform. It's just something that's very part and parcel on virtually all of our customers, the way they use our platform. And they have a lot of services on there that are standard that they buy from us and then there are a lot of services they either built themselves or they have partners built for them. So that continues very well.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, so – this is Frank – you're correct, I mean, we've really made a strong push to SKU ourselves around service management to allow customers to really embrace that enterprise wide enough for us to – for them to have to keep track of licenses that they use for IT versus human resources versus facilities and so on. The downside of that, of course, is we don't necessarily know what people are using it for, how they're moving it around. We just know anecdotally that human resources is still by far the area outside of IT that has the most traction and that is reporting a lot of resources behind that as well. We're very optimistic about the momentum that we have in those areas. Some of the others are trailing behind that in terms of procurement, facilities, legal, marketing, you mentioned field management. There's obviously a lot of other areas. One of the things that we released in our – in the current release of our software is a setup template capabilities to allow people to stand up their own service management applications, because it's a very, very fragmented business in the sense that there's all kind of service domains that people can build service management capabilities for. So it's not always as discrete and big bucketed as it is with things like human resources and facilities, which is sort of the bigger go-to items, if you will, after the IT category.
Frank Slootman: Yes. The competitive dynamic is really not changing that much. I mean, we look at our – sort of our top five brands that we replace, that mix has consistently the same. Most of the sort of the energy, if you will, in the marketplace is at the low-end especially the extreme low-end all the way down on the SMB side. One of the reasons that we stood up the whole commercial sales organization alongside our enterprise sales organization is because we're going to become much stronger in that marketplace, that's also why we launched the Express products to be very, very active in that opportunity. So that's sort of where that all stands, I forgot what the other half of the question was.
Frank Slootman: Yeah. So, SalesForce.com, obviously is a – they show up in platform situations. There aren't that many sort of head-on collisions where people go out to bid on platform opportunities. I mean, ServiceNow platform is sort of something that happens as an extension of deployment that they already have. They typically are not brand new procurements. It does happen. In those cases, it tends to be competitive with people like Salesforce, but most of the time they're really follow-on contracts and opportunities that are not competitively contested, which is actually a great advantage for us. So it isn't really a marketplace where you're out-and-out contesting platform opportunities, it's really growth from existing deployments. And that's probably something that people really need to appreciate and understand more because if you go to Garvin Group, (30:57) they always wonder why they don't get more questions about us. And the reason is the questions that have already been answered as a byproduct of people already buying into ServiceNow. They already own it. They're already using it. They're buying incremental licenses to be able to do more things with it.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. The only other thing I'll say about it is it's not always as neat as the sales cycle is x number of months. Sometimes transactions can just disappear because just turnover in the executive ranks, there's other priorities and they literally go dormant or even just go away for a period of time and then they get hot again. And that's just the world we live in, I mean, these are like ERP-grade type undertakings and they have a bit of an unpredictable character to them. So it's really incumbent upon us to have the volume of business to be able to absorb the ebbs and flows of the business. So it's very hard to say it is exactly this number. They are really averages and there's a huge range. We have seen very large transactions happen very, very quickly and we've seen all kinds of transactions just come wax and wane and not happen. I mean, we had one transaction close this quarter, I think I've pushed like five or six quarters in a row. That's the kind of crazy stuff that happens in our business. But the good news is they always happen. I mean, time is our friend and typically for a customer time is not their friend because things are getting older every day and more painful. On your question on the mid-market, that is the reason why we pulled through that entire sales re-org that's been talked about so much to have a full-on commercial sales organization that operates completely separately from our enterprise organization. And we're also following that up with different approaches, different types of people and different product, quite frankly, a product that is often simpler that is more aggressively priced and that really goes after a customer that looks very different than the large enterprise customer where we've been very successful. So we're really very specifically taking aim at that commercial mid-market with our products and our sales organization.
Frank Slootman: You know, we've been in the mode for some time to really evolve the business from being predominantly one product, one market, to multiple products, multiple markets. And we've completely reorganized ourselves on the product side to be able to execute that way. We're following through in all the other functions, sales, pre-sales, service and so on to be able to support that so that we have multiple growth engines executing simultaneously in the business. And what we highlighted this quarter is that we're seeing some really good traction within the businesses that are not in the core service management area. So that is very much part of our vision. It's very strategic to move us from the $1 billion run rate to the $4 billion run rate that Mike characterized at the Financial Analysts Day back in April on 2020 timeframe. So we have to make that transition successfully to really fully take advantage of our total addressable market opportunity. And we're seeing some evidence that that is beginning to contribute to the overall business.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, this is Frank. ServiceWatch has been a very hot product for us. It's become the lead product for the ITOM portfolio in the sense that that's what the sales organization tees up first and likes to talk about. It attracts the attention of the entire organization. It's something that we feel everybody has to have. It's really understanding the impacts of all kinds of incidents and how it affects the services and the users that are supported by those physical assets. It is a component everybody has to have. We're having a lot of traction where the ServiceWatch, had a great quarter. We have a tremendous pipeline for that product. Very excited to have it. And it is the tip of the spear of the entire ITOM portfolio because it then drives the components right along with it, notably Discovery because Discovery and ServiceWatch go hand-in-hand. But also Event Management had a very strong quarter, Orchestration and so on. We're finding in general that selling ITOM is a very, very natural sales motion after service management. And a sales organization is really lining up worldwide in that way. So we're excited about the momentum that we're seeing in that way.
Frank Slootman: Yeah. One key difference that I would point out is that our platform caters to a much broader set of skill sets. We cater to professional developers and government groups sometimes refer to them as code developers. That's actually a relatively small group. Secondly, we cater to what we call low-code developers, which is a much larger group. That's been the traditional ServiceNow group. These are people that are mostly people that understand data, that know how to handle declarative constructs, but have very light scripting skills. They're not hardcore programmers. That's a group of people that ServiceNow has stood out with and sort of what put us on the map. And then, we also cater to no-code developers at all and that was people that just have to define and publish services and have absolutely no procedural skills whatsoever. So we, and by the way we outlined it at our conference that, that is really the big difference between ServiceNow and everybody else out there is that we have a very broad spectrum of developers that our platform can cater to. And that was absolutely not the case with the competition.
Frank Slootman: Well, as we said, it's a large financial institution in Europe and just by the very scale of that institution it ended up being a very large deal. But alongside of that is we sold virtually everything that we had in that transaction as well including Performance Analytics and GRC and so on. So that was a very successful platform sell. It was the entire enchilada, if you will, which is our favorite way to sell where people really embrace the entire platform and sort of are not picking and choosing a few components or a few services. So that's really what made it big. It was a replacement of one of our large legacy people that we typically displace. What was interesting about this account was the way it wasn't just driven from the IT side which is sort of traditionally where our bigger deals come from, but we had a lot of stakeholders all the way up to the CEO office as well as the CTO, so very broad-based executive involvement in this transaction. They were looking for a big transformation on how they were doing things inside that institution. It's just nice to see transactions of the magnitude, where it's becoming that strategic for that large of an organization and we're looking for a lot more of those.
Frank Slootman: Well, our general posture is we're very partner-friendly. We're not driving scale in our services business for the sake of it, because we all know it is a drag on margins. So we're basically running our services business at the pace that we feel is appropriate for the strategic need that it serves and that is we have to be able to step up. When a customer says to us, you have to lead the engagement then we have to have the ability to do it. And that requires a certain levels of mass for us to have that and also have all the skill sets that you mentioned that we can bring those to the table. And for the services organization, it's becoming a little bit more challenging because they now also need to know about project management, they need to know about ITOM, the whole operations side of the house, they need to be specialists from ServiceWatch. So we have a much greater diversity of skills now that we're asking for from our own services organization as well as from our ecosystem. But our first order of business is always we don't want to crowd out our partners. We want them to be heavily invested in our business and we always make room for our partners when we have an opportunity to do so. So it's balance, it's a mix and we will continue down that path.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. It's mostly internal. Hiring is always hard. It's never easy. It hasn't been easy for all the time that we've been in here. We've been very good at it. We do have from time to time – we have strong quarters, we have weaker quarters. That's why we always sort of focus you back on what the annual commitment is because whatever we lose in one quarter we make it up in the next. So I would not read that much into it. It's an internal execution issue for us. We don't think the external conditions have materially changed.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. You know we really built Express because we felt there was sort of a section at the lower end of the marketplace where we weren't as good a fit with our enterprise product, both in terms of the feature set, user experience, the pricing, the contractual model, how automated the provisioning was, the low touch nature of the whole marketing and sales model, these people typically don't go on site for those kind of things. We got off to a very strong start with the Express product. I mean, the sequential growth is very, very fast and it's also a product that we're focusing very much on the commercial markets, probably more so than the SMB side of it. The SMB side is very low end, whereas in the commercial market, it really becomes a product where that sales organization can be much more aggressive with that product than they can be with the enterprise product. So, it's just a different model altogether in terms of the user experience, the feature set that it has, the pricing model, the contractual model, all those kinds of things. And we, we're excited to have that. The competitive dynamic is different. It's different people that show up in that space. So interestingly enough we do see people graduate from – and we highlighted that in the prepared remarks, they graduate from the Express product to the enterprise product and before we have that product we might have just never seen those people and lost them altogether. So this has really sort of grown a core capability to the overall product line that we think is super helpful.
Frank Slootman: It's a lot of those applications are not brand new. They've come over from the previous shared capabilities. A lot of our partners that have been with us for a long time, a lot of them are integrations, in other words capabilities that really help ServiceNow work with other products. The traction that we're having, yes, we had about 96 of those in the system. There is another number in that order of magnitude of people that are going through various phases of certification. So it's a little bit too early to give a good characterization and we may do that in a future call and then give you a little bit more color on exactly what this is. And alternatively if you feel like getting on the site and looking at it, you're welcome to do that as well.
Frank Slootman: Well, I think the – this is Frank – we're selling broader and higher these days than we ever have. It was a, sort of a key thrust for us coming in 2015 to not sell sort of tactically in narrow categories, but really position the company broadly and widely and that does drive bigger transactions upfront. So this is what we expect to see happen, it doesn't always happen that way. We talked about our largest upsell project we've ever seen, that was an upsell that was not an initial deal. So it's happened many times that we may have an ACV contract with somebody for a couple hundred thousand and then we have an upsell that's worth millions. And it doesn't really matter all that much, whether we land with a small transaction first and do a much bigger transaction afterwards because what we really look at is and what we really track and measure is really how many customers would we have in that ACV range. And I think we said we have 168 customers now that are over $1 million in ACV. That's really what matters. How they got there and how many transactions is really not as important because we will campaign the customer for the entire product line regardless of whether they get started with us small or whether they sort of bite off the whole thing upfront.
Frank Slootman: In terms of the mega, this is Frank, I always take the position that, if I can do one, I can do more than one, if not hundreds. And I'm not just saying that in regards to this particular transaction. But we saw an almost $2 million transaction with our GRC product. If we can do one, we can do more. The same thing on the ITOM side with ServiceWatch. If we do a handful, we can do a lot more. It's really proving to yourself that you can do it and then we will scale it broadly and deeply. So the answer generally to your question is yes. We can do it once and we believe that that becomes the evidence that we can do it many, many, many more times.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, I would generally say yes and I will add to that. What Mike's saying is absolutely correct. That has been our historical go-to-market motion. It still very much dominates in how we do things. But as we fully transition to a multi-product, multi-market model, I would not be surprised to see us lead with transactions that are not service management at all. That is going to happen. And we've already seen we've done human resources deals, for example, in accounts where we've done absolutely nothing on the IT side. And that's going to happen as a byproduct of how we're organized and multiple prongs that we have going into our sales campaigns.
Frank Slootman: Well, this is Frank. It affects their ACV immediately. That's a much bigger bill. The features that make them graduate, usually it has to do with client or service-side scripting and the ability to really take advantage of the platform. As you recall, Express was very much designed as a product that can deploy in hours and days, not weeks and months. And we do that because there's really nothing to do other than loading in your users and their credentials and you just hit the button and you go. All the processes are predefined. That's the concept behind Express. That's why it's called Express. When customers get into that, then they all of a sudden are starting to develop all kinds of requirements that don't fit that highly standardized model. Now we're going into the enterprise model, it costs more money and it's a much more powerful product. That's typically what happens. People often think going into the process that that product will suit their needs very, very well. And then they get into the process and they develop requirements that they did not originally envision. So, it's not a bait and switch. It's just that as people learn what it is that they really want to do, sometimes that triggers an upgrade. And the great thing about the way the product is architected is it's a push-button upgrade. So we can take people's instances from Express to enterprise in a very, very simple, straightforward manner. So there is no painful conversion migration associated with that process.
Frank Slootman: We do track that. I don't have the latest and greatest data on me. But I think we said the average is about 6.5 apps right now. 85% of our customers have on average 6.5 apps on the platform. We will update that again, that data. We look at that in every six month on a cohort basis to see how that is progressing.
Frank Slootman: Yeah, this is Frank. I find that delineation between platform-as-a-service and software-as-a-service is just too stark a contrast because the reality is that people would love to have standard services that they don't have to build because it's obviously a lot quicker and easier to take things off the shelf. If you can figure modify for your needs and you go, we typically see that people get started with standard services and then as they learn how things work and they develop new requirements, they start to add custom services where they are now using the platform as a platform and they add that it, so it's a very fluid mix of using platform and standard services. That to us is typical. It is not typical to see pure platform deals where people are not using any standard services and everything is from scratch. We have those customers. They exist, but that is not the main mode of our business. The main mode of our business is very, very much mixed use between standard and custom.
Frank Slootman: Well, our used cases on the platform are much more associated with the service model in general. So we sort of have not ventured into the very broad world of custom application development where sort of any type of project can be attempted. I mean that is a totally different market. So our platform applications are always downstream from where we already are with the domains that we're serving, okay. So we're not a general purpose infrastructure as a service capability like an Azure or Amazon Web Services where it's the infrastructure and then some ancillary services to help people along. So our platform orientation is very different from those kind of offerings.
