Bill McDermott: Yes. I think Gina said it very well, Samad, when she said we're mission-critical and the Now Platform has really become the standard for digital transformation in a modern enterprise today. And we're solving so many challenges. Our customers need to drive automation and productivity. As you know, they're either not hiring, they're laying people off and they have to do more with less. We're built for that. They need the computers and the platforms to do the work so that people have a more pleasant experience on the employee side, and they require an experience no matter where they're working from, that's world-class. We take care of that. The customer service management has evolved from just the engagement layer of how I market to you, sell you, cross-sell you. It's really moved into the mid-office and the back office and back into the supply chain on how I can streamline with great efficiency, giving you the right product and the right form factor and price on time just as you expected it. And that end-to-end is all about the ServiceNow platform. And finally, you're seeing a breakthrough here on building net new innovation. Customers are going to have to do that for themselves and with partners. And we are also going into a co-creation mode with our partners in every industry and geo around the world. That's pretty stunning, and there's lots of use cases and examples. The big thing, Samad, is that C-level executives are looking to ServiceNow. They are calling us. They want to work with us. They see that we're the defining one. And that took some time to build and I think we're there now.
Bill McDermott: Well, Phil, thank you very much for your kind remarks and also the question. If you think about the first quarter of the year, the economies of the world really weren't shaking. Everything was going very well. And especially a tech company like ServiceNow, people were very desirous of having our people, too. But we still weathered that and we continued to hire. And obviously, the people that you hired in the second and the third quarter, the beauty of that is they're now becoming truly productive and certified to execute at a level that we would consider statistically relevant for moving the needle. And that's where I come with my max capacity. It's not just based on the number of people, but it's based upon their readiness to enter into the customer relationship with a level of proficiency so they can execute at a high level. That's what I'm talking about. And we're there now. And we're there stronger than we were all year long, Phil. So it's in absolute numbers. But it's also on readiness and it's in the pipeline and the coverage in the pipeline is better. So all those dials look great. In terms of why people come here, they come here for the culture. They know that this is all about net new innovation. It's all about customer centricity and brilliant execution and it's a politically fat-free environment. We just want to win, and people want to be a part of a winning organization.
Bill McDermott: And one thing, Phil, I just don't want to fall between the cracks, is the 1 million in the RiseUp with ServiceNow campaign, where we're going to hire them. Some of them will end up getting hired here, of course, but we're going to train them for our customers, for our partners and to ServiceNow. So there's a bold move for 1 million ServiceNow-trained professionals to put them into the growth engine of ServiceNow. And that will be done on a global basis. We see bold moves that need to be taken in India, Japan, Korea and continued expansion in Europe. We just have a tireless appetite for growth.
Bill McDermott: Thank you, Sterling. It's an interesting question. It's always important to reinforce that the 20th century architectures were heavily invested in by our customers. And our desire is not to replace them. Our desire is to make them more relevant so they deliver modern value and a highly agile and experience-oriented way for employees, customers and partners. So those underlying systems, some of them that are point solutions, and they never should have been there in the first place, they do disappear. The core large, well-known brand systems, they remain, but with the agility of the ServiceNow Platform above them and our ability to automate the workflows and completely change the experience set, we're now reinventing the way supply chains run for the biggest auto manufacturers in the world. We're now taking procurement management to an entirely new level of procurement and finance organizations for the biggest retailers, manufacturers, freight companies around the world. They were double-digit wins, doing this for some of the largest companies in the world. So they're taking out huge costs. They are getting rid of point solutions. They're keeping the main ones and then they're automating for speed and agility and value on the ServiceNow Platform. The business cases are unbelievable. It makes one ask, why are we so generous with our pricing? If they can get $1 billion, can't we get a little more? That's the situation we're in here.
Bill McDermott: Yes, absolutely. Thank you very much for the question, Matt. Basically, if you look at what we're trying to do here, we are bringing a scalable, cloud-native log management solution and database that complements Lightstep's existing solutions to the world. And this is really exemplifying and accelerating our vision, which is essentially to unify telemetry, logs, metrics and traces and now deliver that truly unified observability workflow on one platform. And this is going to take huge costs out of the equation, and it's going to bring a much greater experience to all users involved because they'll avoid the confusing context switches they have to do now. So all the integration work that is necessary is being done. It is all integrated back onto the Now Platform and there's a road map to do that. But right now, we're extremely happy with the way Ben is leading. Era Software just makes us stronger, and we're super excited about the future of this business and what it can be. It's going to be interesting to watch this thing play out.
Bill McDermott: Alex, first of all, let me thank you for your question. You're right. There's quite a bit that has to be done in the back office to automate business processes for a new world order of things in the macro. So you're 100% right. It's still early days, but I see a massive opportunity, given how much enterprises spend on ERP today. And if you look at procurement and supplier life cycle management solutions that make it possible for customers to unify these transactional systems and enable them, through workflow capabilities, that truly drive efficiency. And the user experience and the consumer grade aspect of ServiceNow is really coming front and center because these transactional systems, they all work fine if you're a power user or a super user. But when you start to get more people collaboratively involved in a process, there's a demand now for consumer-grade UX. And there's nothing that works better than workflow automation to solve some of these problems. So we are providing a collaborative platform for all the stakeholders in an enterprise, and that consistent user experience is our superpower. And I do want to underscore, we are not interested or trying to replace the transactional systems of the brands that you mentioned. Those are wonderful companies and they do something that's very important. What we're responding to is the agility of the supply chain and how you can reorient it in record speed because that's what this world order is asking for, how you can rethink suppliers to manage different labor issues, whether it's in arbitrage or just buying from the people you should be based on your ESG efforts, or your MWBE spend and many other things that many customers care a lot about. ESG is a big thing. They're doing that all on the workflow automation context of ServiceNow. And they love the fact that we integrate with everybody, and we're not at war with anybody because we're on the side of the customer and that's what we should all be doing.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Kash. Markets are very rational. Customers are extremely focused right now on productivity. They care a lot about their customers and their employees and obviously, their bottom lines. And no platform in the enterprise software industry gets them what they want faster, from creating great experiences for their employees. You can't give a customer a 3-star Michelin experience until you first energize your employees. So that's 1 aspect of it. They know they have to have more productive, happy people. The cost of turnover and problems in the workforce, it's a huge, huge bottom line hit that a lot of people don't factor into the equation. And a lot of it is caused by bad onboarding, bad systems and not really a great user experience for the people who work for their company from anywhere they want to be. And as it relates to the customer, I touched on that. I think what we're adding on customer service management right now with the completeness of our vision is stunning in terms of value creation and a big surprise to customers who didn't use to think of ServiceNow in that space and now they do. And as it relates to our core IT, I mean, we obviously believe -- not to go into great details on that, but they're blown away by the San Diego release in March and the Tokyo release in October. They know there's an immediate cycle from what they need and how quickly we can engineer it and get it into the release level. So the existing customers love that, that they have this incredible seamless experience with ServiceNow. They know the innovation is coming on time and at the highest level of quality. And finally, I think, and at a platform level, the need to speed, Kash, is everything. Getting these business cases rational, getting these customers up and running swiftly and demonstrating immediate business value is the essential ingredient. I didn't give you one example in the ERP world where we did not get these customers live in more than 100 days. So we're talking need for speed and we're talking ability to deliver and the customers are having great experiences. You can't find a customer in the global economy that doesn't love the platform. I keep trying, I still can't find them.
Bill McDermott: Brad, it's a great question. And look, it was very interesting in the early days just opening people's minds to the power of the Now Platform. And our global partner ecosystem is obviously a meaningful enabler. And they're critical for us to drive successful implementations for our customers and also to tailor our products to different industries. So this idea of co-creation, whether it's for an industry, it's for a sub-industry vertical and even at a micro-vertical level, we've only scratched the surface of what's possible with the ecosystem. We're young in terms of the runway for growth. As it relates to the top ones, we now have eight of the top 10 global advisory and systems integrators that have committed to a plan greater than $1 billion with ServiceNow. And again, I'm very open to the ecosystem. And that's why you see us making a bold move today on RiseUp with ServiceNow to scale 1 million. I know I undercalled it but it is what it is. I'm sure it will be 2 million because there's such demand for the platform. And I really want our partners to love and trust ServiceNow as we love and trust them because it really is about mutual goal setting. It's about making sure we're very clear about who's doing what, and we don't duplicate efforts and we never disappoint our partners. It's all about trust. And they like us because we're straight shooters here and we want to win and they want to win. And the other thing that's happening is they have -- like to Kash's point on the great reprioritization, there's going to be so much spend that will go around. But what they all realize now is business impact is what it's all about, especially in this macro. And then more and more reaching deep into the ServiceNow relationship because the customers won't listen to long, drawn-out expensive time-consuming multiyear projects. If that project isn't in the same calendar year, the likelihood of getting approved is real low. And if you remember, in 2008, that was the era where everyone moved away from CapEx to OpEx, and that was where the cloud got the big tailwind. Well, now you got half of them in the cloud so they're looking at OpEx. And that OpEx question is which platform can get me to the winning equation the fastest? And which platform is going to be around 10 years from now to be a dominant force in my infrastructure? And that's where ServiceNow seems to be answering the bell.
Bill McDermott: Yes, it's -- first of all, thank you for the question, Mark. It's really broad. If you look at Employee Workflows, they're 12 of our top 20 deals and we had seven deals greater than $1 million. And what we're helping customers do really is navigate this uncertainty that they're dealing with. And they've got to give these employees that they have, no matter where they work, a great experience. And it's not only limited to, I would say, recruiting, hiring, onboarding, training, certifying, providing all the services that the employee needs on one mobile app. And that includes off-boarding employees in a first-class way, which most companies forget to do, which really hurts their brand image. We care about all of that. But in addition to all of that, we're now in a world where customers are really pulling at us because they're like, "Hey, I'm not going to have as many people. And I really got to think about reorienting my business processes or rethinking how I automate things that I just haven't gotten to yet but I need to do it quick." So our ambitions are always in the billions. And this is another business where we're in billions. And I think we're just getting started on the employee experience journey. And I'll tell you why. If you look at even ourselves, there isn't a single employee in this company that could tell you a single system of record that might be in the infrastructure somewhere in our cloud. They have no idea. But what they do know, like Gina said earlier, everything that they do is on a mobile application on their phone, and it says ServiceNow because we completely workflow automated the entire corporation. So they don't know anything else. And what we're constantly hearing is people want to join because their onboarding experience is so great. And we don't lose employees. We have gotten lots of employees joining here that literally bounced out of another company in a week because they couldn't stand the onboarding experience and said, "This isn't for me." So everything having to do with the employee experience and the management experience. We launched in the Tokyo release a complete manager solution so we can manage their careers, their hierarchy of their training and development and they can also do that with their employees on the Now Platform. And all of this is happening in real time. So the system of record, again, we're not interested in being 1 of those, and we have no quarrel with any of them. We are interested in the experience and that's where the money is.
Bill McDermott: Yes, John, thank you for the question. We have always been really strong in Federal. And a lot of that is driven by productivity, efficiency and government organizations. And I think we can all agree that, that's a big opportunity. So that area of focus for us has always been a priority. The budget there is large and there's a lot of demand for updating the technology environment for governments. What they love about ServiceNow is we integrate the things that they've already done. And we're not in a debate about whether the task was done properly or not. The customer can decide how they retire point solutions by the bundles, but we don't insist upon that. We are driving the experience. And I can tell you with great confidence, John, we have a very strong pipeline going into the fourth quarter with more multimillion-dollar deals, and I couldn't be prouder or more confident in our team.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, it's a great question. And certainly, we are not immune to the macro environment, and we're certainly not blind to what's happening around us. Our ability to execute despite the macro is quite astounding. And I give amazing kudos to our incredible sales organization around the world. We are staying closer to our customers than ever before, checking in with them, making sure we understand the levels of approval that they need to go through, making sure that we understand what they need to get that deal across the line. We will maintain that level of rigor that you've seen us do in Q3. And so while certainly, there's more outlook on deals that are getting closed and there's more -- people are looking at deals closer, but we are closing them. Close rates are stronger and we feel really good about how we put that all into our guidance. And so macro is evolving but our sales force is staying so close to our customers and really driving superb execution.
Gina Mastantuono: And then on your question on actual sales and marketing hire, Phil, yes. ServiceNow is hiring and will continue to hire and are investing for growth. So we are absolutely committed to continuing to build up our world-class go-to-market organization and it's all about driving long-term growth and ensuring that we also are continuing to drive ramp rep productivity. It's really about ensuring that the opportunity that we see in front of us, that our sales and go-to-market teams are ready to drive that growth that we continue to see. So you'll see us continue to grow our sales, quota-bearing especially. We'll also be hiring our critical engineering heads. We're very much open for hiring these critical growth hires.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, absolutely. Great question. So really proud of the fact that despite about 100 basis points of FX impact on our operating margins, we're able to hold them flat with our original guidance at the beginning of the year, while at the same time, still hiring for quota-bearing go-to-market fingers-on-keyboard engineers, right? And the efficiencies that we're seeing are across the board. So if you think about leverage in mid and back office G&A, leverage on the marketing side of things, if you think about really what our incredible cloud infrastructure team is able to drive with respect to efficiencies even in this macro environment, it's pretty remarkable. And so the other thing is that our platform drives efficiency for ourselves. We are the customer-zero for all of our new product innovation, so our platform enables those efficiencies across the board. So that's the other big lever that we always have to play here. So feel really great about the fact that we've been able to drive those efficiencies even through this current macro environment. With respect to free cash flow, absolutely. So Q3, in general, is a lower free cash flow period. We have our midyear bonus payout. We have bond interest payout. But we also have seen a pretty big FX impact in the quarter and for the remainder of the year. So we talked about 100 basis points impact on free cash flow margin that we're not able to absorb this year because truly the impact on collection happens all at once, whether the FX impact on your P&L because of the ratable way that we recognize revenue happens over a period of time. And so underlying health of free cash flow remains great. We're obviously, as we talked about, staying close to our customers and giving them some leeway on payment terms if they need it. But what I can tell you is that it's days as opposed to weeks. And so we are really staying close to the customers. The trajectory of free cash flow accretion over time remains the same.
Gina Mastantuono: And on your question, Alex, on linearity in the quarter, we actually had great linearity in Q3, our best ever. Really, really pleased with how the sales organization is, again, staying really close to the customers. Federal business had its best quarter ever this year in Q3 and outperformed. We had 16 deals over $1 million, one of which closed with over $20 million of net new ACV. Federal also saw great linearity in the quarter really because the platform is demonstrating such strong ROI that is really enabling them to get through the approval process faster. We're really seeing an increase in the volume of federal agencies that are really looking at their partnership with ServiceNow through an enterprise lens, right? So those deals are getting bigger, more strategic, more multiyear. And we're seeing cabinet-level agencies really trying to consolidate contracts at an enterprise level with us and standardize their spend on the Now Platform. So federal team just doing incredible work with their customers. With respect to hosted, we had about 3% this year -- sorry, this quarter, which is flat quarter-on-quarter but down 1% from last year Q3. And so really great linearity across the board. Hosted, flat quarter-over-quarter but down 1 point year-over-year, which is actually a headwind to that revenue growth, which means our revenue growth is even stronger. So really, really great results across the board.
Gina Mastantuono: And Kash, on your question with respect to 2023, obviously, we'll provide more details on 2023 in January. Overall, as you're hearing from our tone, the demand that we're seeing for the Now Platform has remained resilient and strong. FX, as you know, has become a significant headwind, particularly over the last three months. Since the beginning of this year, we now see about a $400 million headwind related to FX in 2023. And we certainly don't think the macro environment is, all of a sudden, going to change as we enter into 2023. So when we think about guidance, we'll be taking all of these factors into account, as you would expect us to.
Gina Mastantuono: So I talked about the fact that one of the reasons why our cRPO beat in Q3 was related to 50 basis points of pull-forwards of Q4 renewals into Q3. And if you remember, on prior calls, I talked about the fact that this Q4 was a large renewal cohort because the fact that we were able to get some of them done early absolutely helped drive the RPO but also ramped our revenue beat as well. Expectation is that our Q4 renewal will be on par. We had 98% renewal rate in Q3. We expect similar levels in Q4, and so feel very good about the pace of renewals for the remainder of the year.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Great question, Michael. Expansion rates, you know we don't give expansion rates anymore on a quarterly basis, but we reported last year expansion rates of 125%. And we've seen very strong similar expansion rates throughout 2022.
