Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon. Thank you for joining us on today's call. We are pleased to announce an exceptional third quarter. Total revenues grew 37% year-on-year to $358 million driven by record metrics across-the-board. First, we closed 16 new deals with net new ACV greater than $1 million. Second, we posted a 99% renewal rate. Third, 301 customers now pay us more than $1 million in ACV, an increase of 31 in the quarter. And then lastly, 18 customers now pay us more than $5 million in ACV, an increase of six in the quarter. We also continue to see great uptick in Global 2000 accounts, adding 23 new logos in the quarter including Prada, Hilton, and Constellation brands. Our average ACV per Global 2000 is now approximately $1 million, a 6% sequential increase and a 20% year-over-year increase. Large deals in IT, emerging products, and the federal business highlighted the quarter. IT continues to be our strength and primary landing strategy. 18 of our top 20 deals and 22 of our 23 new Global 2000 logos included ITSM, and we see tremendous new business opportunities in this market. The quarter was punctuated by an upsell to a North American Global 100 financial institution. This represented our largest contract value ever and included more than $5 million in net new ACV. The CIO was tasked with driving significant cost savings, increasing employee productivity and improvement of velocity of service delivery. We successfully demonstrated a comprehensive service management solution and the ability to unify processes in a single system of engagement. The deal was led by ITSM to consolidate 66 disparate tools and augmented by ITOM to deliver lights-out automation. This initiative will result in more than a $115 million in savings over five years. Beyond IT, emerging products continue to drive larger deals as customers increase adoption of service management throughout the enterprise. These products represented 41% of our net new ACV in the quarter, up from 28% in the prior year. 15 of our top 20 deals included three or more products and 69% of our customers now license more than one product. Emerging products were highlighted by our largest HR deal ever, a $2 million upsell to a European Global 100 financial institution. As part of their global transformation, this customer is replacing a legacy solution that supported 19 disparate document management tools. We won this RFP against 10 other vendors with a comprehensive platform approach including case management, orchestration to integrate key systems and in-platform analytics. ServiceNow will improve employee engagement for more than 250,000 employees and deliver productivity for more than one million cases per year. We also saw large deals in industry verticals. The federal government represented 11% of our net new ACV compared to 9% a year-ago, including two new deals with ACV greater than $1 million. The civilian sector represented the majority of our wins, the defense net new ACV grew 40% year-on-year and represents a large opportunity going forward. We landed our largest federal deal ever, a $2 million up-sell to an agency within the department of health and human services. This customer contracted ITSM to consolidate 10 legacy systems, performance analytics to gain insight into key trends and discovery to effectively manage assets. Additionally, our FedRAMP certification, led to us becoming the first enterprise-wide cloud platform. Finally, our Chairman, Paul Barber of JMI is retiring from our board of directors after 11 years of service. Paul was our first venture investor, and we appreciate his support all these years. Going forward, I will serve as Chairman and Charlie Giancarlo will serve as Lead Independent Director. We also welcome two new members to our board, Jonathan Chadwick, most recently CFO of VMware; and Paul Chamberlain, most recently Head of Technology and Investment Banking at Morgan Stanley. Both bring significant corporate leadership, industry and management experience to our board. With that, I will now turn the call over to Mike.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yes. The commercial business is actually on an ACV basis, the fastest growing business that we have worldwide. It was growing – it was up I think somewhere around 44% and in the North American organization it was like close to 70%. So the investment that we made almost two years ago to create a dedicated commercial sales organization has paid off in spades for us and we will continue to invest there. It's an outstanding market. So that balance that we have between commercial and enterprise is really a very key part that drives the overall growth of the company.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yeah. So, like Mike said, we had strength across the board. So, we had a very strong quarter on performance analytics. We had a record quarter on human resources. Our brand new businesses around security and customer service management were really, really strong. Platform was strong as well. So, there literally was no – we just did really well across our theatres, across our channels and across all our product segments and that's when you get very strong results.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: So sales – this is Frank, Walter. The sales organization is going to be rapidly expanding, and one of the areas that we've been investing in is product specialization, which is working well for us. We're really accelerating demand generation by having that product specialization focus into the organization. But going into 2017, we are going to layer in another vector specialization that's going to be by solution and by industry verticals. So this is going to be an evolution of our selling motion that's going to be more refined by industry and by type of solution. So it's really a normal evolution. We're becoming just more sophisticated in our ability to sell more broadly and more deeply into our large enterprises and institutions. So that's definitely how the sales organization is going to take shape in 2017.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yeah. This is Frank. On the ITOM side, we very much lead with a – with a very comprehensive total suite approach to allow our customers a full cycle experience where we can take in events from various monitoring capabilities, map that to critical services, and have the ability to – through orchestration to act on those events. ServiceWatch, which is the ability to dynamically map infrastructure to critical services is a key part of our strategy. That's how we lead and that's going to continue for one period of time because this is a marketplace that is yet to begin to develop for us. And then the other aspect, orchestration is going to be a very big part going forward. And it's under the influence of, really IoT oriented thinking, where people are really looking at service models in terms of machine-to-machine messaging and communications versus heavily people-mediated service processes. And obviously the orchestration aspect is what drives various frameworks. So those are the areas that where a lot of our conversations with our large customers are going. But ITOM is such a natural partner to ITSM, they are just two peas in a pod, two sides of a same coin. So we really believe that overtime, the penetration that you'll see on ITOM will rival that of what we have on ITSM.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: This is Frank, Sarah. The security has been strong for all the reasons that were mentioned, it's a very logical add-on. Typically the Chief Security Officer reports into the CIO. They're often in the same meetings that we're in anyway, so it's a very natural selling motion for us. But we did start a quarter ago with really loading in dedicated field head count, both for security as well as for customer service management. And the reason we're doing that is because we're going to drive demand faster than if we just have rest of us (23:02) choosing to retire anyway they see fit. And we have the evidence now that that strategy is building demand faster than if we stay in the generalized mode. So we will continue to do that. It doesn't mean that there is just one group that just sells security when your overall sales force obviously will sell it as well. We just have more dedicated focus on these products and especially in the early going we thought it's really important that we have that extra level of resource and focus applied to it.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Rob, it's Frank. What's really going on here is that our sales staff worldwide just has more clubs in the bag. So as they approach accounts, they have more opportunities to pursue and they can really – and sometimes multiple opportunities at the same time. So the acceleration really comes from being able to operate on a broader product front. In years past, if we would strike out of one area, we would have to go to another account or wait out the situation or whatever it would be. Now, we have a second, a third, a fourth, a fifth play to go and pursue. Once we land an account, then the upsell opportunity starts playing out for us as well. So it's that productivity really goes up when you have the ability to run multiple plays. And so we have a much broader selling motion than we've ever had before, and that's what's driving it.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yeah. We're actually – I'm personally super pleased with how Inspire has evolved over the last year. The level of engagement that we have with our – really our top enterprise customers through that solution consulting staff has really sort of elevated our standing in those key accounts. We often work on Tier 1 systems that are very innovative, very transformative, and they really show where the business can go when you bring that quality of resource to a selling motion. What we're really trying to do down the line is, okay, how do we – how do we develop lighter versions of that selling motion for the entire sales organization? Because it's relatively small team, we have about 40 some people in the Inspire program and the trick is how do we standardize and scale that across the organization, where we have a lighter version of what we've learnt that or we know how to do, and be available to the broader organization. So, going very well, and we are looking forward to probably at our Knowledge Conference next year that we get to showcase some of those key Inspire accounts, and the work that's been done there.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: This is Frank. Yeah the big thing there, and by the way, this is a pattern that plays out over and over, is just massive modernization, okay? They are replacing dozens and dozens of legacy systems, and have a complete overhaul, complete redesign, complete refresh and really putting brand new systems, brand new infrastructure in place and that is just typical of our business in these large enterprise accounts where they're turning off a lot of old stuff and a lot of fragmentation and sprawl, big clean up and going in with a single platform approach and that's – as I said, that's typical for what we do.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Well, it's not just a feature. We've been doing that for years. As I said earlier, sometimes we just can't go through the front door because there is incumbency or contractual issues. And we do it with HR and that has worked very well for us. I think, HR is a very, very key service domain as I think most people will appreciate from their own day-to-day work experience. And over the years they really have – they have been underinvested in service models and really managing services as opposed to just delivering service. And there is a lot of efficiencies to be had there in terms of staffing and there is a huge opportunity to improve the service experience itself, so we're very bullish on the HR opportunity.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: This is Frank. We're actually really pleased with the progress that we've made this year, especially with some of the larger ones like CSC and Accenture, both their internal uptake as well as their use as practitioners and as MSPs. So we see just – Dave (35:01) we're really a very significant part of their plans, and their growth objectives, and it's very well cemented in. That it was no longer – historically, a lot of these relationships were opportunistic, something comes up in an account, and we'll rest our hand, we'll do it. But now these businesses are so big for these large GSIs that this is now really managed resource and driven like any other business. So, we're (35:31), but we still have more room to cover. We'd like to make more progress with IBM for example and there is others out there, but on the whole, one of the reasons that we've driven our own professional services business down as a percentage of the overall mix is to make sure that we really, really create room for a very dynamic ecosystem, because that is what enables the growth of the business.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Well, this is Frank. I'm sure you guys know that everybody and his mother maintains presentations like that. Everybody reviews their lists with their boards and has a conversation about that. We have lists like that as well. You've been able to observe our M&A strategy over the years. Vendors talk all the time, especially in Silicon Valley. We don't necessarily talk about M&A, but we talk about many different aspects of our business. So, we didn't think this was as eventful as a lot of the industry observers thought that it was.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: So, it's Frank. One thing that is really important to understand about ServiceNow is, there is not a hard line that says it's either ITSM or this other stuff, because a lot of the things that we refer to as emerging products are in effect, products that get used with ITSM. ITOM is obvious, but also our analytics products gets used with ITSM. All our business – IT business management products are used with ITSM. So in other words, these are value-added software capabilities that people use to enhance their use of the core ITSM applications. The only application that we have that's really distinctly different from our ITSM platform and really has no relationship to the ITSM business is Customer Service Management. Everything else really falls in the realm of IT management. So you can't sort of draw that hard line through it and say well, this is ITSM and the other stuff is a totally different business, that's not how our customers view it. It's not the way we view it. We just highlighted that there is a lot of traction and revenue momentum in these modules, but ServiceNow is one application. Do not forget that, right? It's one cloud, it's one database. We just turn on and off different modules, different services and different options, right? That's how it works and that's the reason why the selling motion works that well for us because this is really low friction to allow customers to take advantage of incremental capabilities.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: It's not that different from what we've seen before. It's the same sort of, what legacy group that is trying to slow down their own attrition. On the platform side, there is people like salesforce, it really hasn't fundamentally changed. On the customer service side, we see a lot of very old legacy systems that we are replacing there. We are learning that business now in terms of the type of incumbency that is there, and we're seeing a really similar thing as what we saw in the ITSM side. Very old software, which is a good thing for us because that means there is the pressure to modernize and transform is going to be building. On the security side, it is a completely greenfield type of situation. People do not have these kind of systems today. So, depending on exactly what capability we're talking about, it's a different dynamic, but it really hasn't moved on from where it has historically been.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yeah so, a year and a half ago, almost two years ago now, we created a product line organization to really be able to drive hardcore focus on different business segments and obviously that focus has rippled through the entire company into professional services, into solution consulting, so our whole company now drives these individual product lines as separate businesses, even though our selling motions are altogether for the most part. So we are going to continue to do that. Security is going to grow into a full-blown, standalone business in the sense that it has its own business and its own function, its own set of partners and its own unique capabilities, the same is true for HR, certainly is true for customer service and we like that. We think the math is there for us to invest at considerable scale. I mean all those businesses can grow to a considerable size. Now on ITSM, I'm actually bullish on the opportunity that we have there. I think you've correctly characterized the growth dynamic this quarter for ITSM. There is a lot of things that are going on in that marketplace that I believe will revitalize that opportunity. One of the things that we've suffered from as a company is that we had a lot of shiny new toys and sometimes it's been hard for us to maintain the vigorous focus on a business like ITSM, which quite honestly a lot of our people didn't view it as sexy as some of the new stuff, but we have a lot of compelling new capabilities coming out in terms of Machine Learning NAI. We're going to be releasing comparative benchmarks. People can see how they're doing against their peer group and the rest of the industry. There is a lot going on. The service models are really evolving to heavily machine-to-machine, lights out, light speed touch service models from where people historically had been with service desk, which are very heavily people-mediated processes. There is an enormous amount of room for innovation and expansion in the world of ITSM. And I think it's been more of an execution issue on our part than it has been a market issue.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Well, I sure hope so, otherwise I will stop doing it. That is the point, right? We do everything with an eye towards, how quickly it is developing demand. Demand development is the critical metric for our business. We have very good capabilities in terms of converting demand to sales. We have very good abilities in terms of building and deploying capacity, but building demand is the hard part in our business. That's always the critical metric. So everything we do has a focus on that. So the specialist allocations that is completely done to accelerate demand development.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: This is Frank. I think that's a very important angle that you sort of got to keep your eye on, because our whole game is to drive attach rates up for all our products. And we have an incredibly long ways to go for all our products. So even in our existing products, just to get to attach rates where we start to rifle the penetration that we have on the core platform, it's going to take years and years and years for us to get there, so lot of upsell opportunity. And Mike's right, is that the cohort analysis shows exactly that. And this is a big opportunity that's going to play itself out for years to come.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: Yes, this is Frank. I don't have any real color to give you on the macro, either for I think it's reasonable. We're obviously much more of a secular play. We think that we – we can still sell quite effectively when the macro is turning not so favorable and the reason is we're a transformational play. We're an optimization play. So, we sort of live below – I sometimes can't determine whether I'm dealing with macro or micro or secular influences. So it's hard for us to sort of have a real intelligent commentary about what the macro is and isn't because we sell right through that.
Frank Slootman - ServiceNow, Inc.: No, we're going to do that and it's just – the verticalization, the first place you're going to see it is really on the marketing side, especially on the product marketing side, because the – and then the sales enablement will follow. In other words, how our sales people message, position and present themselves in the context of the industry that they're selling into. We have such critical mass in every major vertical that there is a huge amount of value for us to exploit. And it's just low hanging fruit, it's just in other words, we just got to take our learnings across the big pharmas, across big retail, everything that we've learned and diversified industrials and really, really use that in our selling motion. Now, as it evolves, it is quite possible that we will have products that are industry-specific, that we will not start off that way, but I think the deeper and better we get at this, it is quite possible that we get industry-specific products at some point. Healthcare is another one of those areas, state and local, federal. There is a ton of opportunity. I'm super excited about what we're going to do in this area, yeah.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you, Frank. During today's call, we will review our third quarter financial results and discuss our financial guidance for Q4 and full year 2016. We'd like to point out that the company reports non-GAAP results in addition to and not as a substitute for, or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. All financial figures we will discuss today are non-GAAP except for revenues. To see the reconciliation between these non-GAAP and GAAP results, please refer to our press release filed earlier today and for prior quarters' previously filed press releases, all of which are posted at investors.servicenow.com. Total revenues for the third quarter were $358 million, increasing 37% year-over-year. Subscription revenues were $319 million, increasing 43% year-over-year, and professional services and other revenues were $39 million, increasing 2% year-over-year. Billings were $404 million in the quarter, increasing 41% year-over-year compared to 38% in the prior year. Subscription billings were $363 million, increasing 47% year-over-year compared to 39% in the prior year. Professional services and other billings were $42 million, increasing 3% year-over-year. Our average billings duration was 11.8 months for the third quarter compared to 11.7 months in the same period last year. Subscription gross margin in the quarter was 84%. Professional services and other gross margin was 12%. Overall gross margin was 76%, and operating margin was 16%. We ended the quarter with 4,501 total employees, a net increase of 260 in the quarter. Free cash flow margin was 18%, and we ended the quarter with $1.1 billion in cash, short-term and long-term investment. Let's turn to guidance for the fourth quarter and full year 2016, based on foreign exchange rates at the end of the third quarter. For the fourth quarter, we expect total revenues between $376 million and $381 million, representing year-over-year growth between 32% and 33%. We expect subscription revenues between $335 million and $340 million, representing year-over-year growth between 37% and 39% and professional services and other revenues of approximately $41 million, representing flat year-over-year growth. We expect total billings between $474 million and $479 million, representing year-over-year growth between 30% and 31%. We expect subscription billings between $427 million and $431 million, representing year-over-year growth between 34% and 36% and professional services and other billings between $47 million and $48 million, representing year-over-year growth between negative 2% and 0%. We expect subscription gross margin of approximately 84%, professional services and other gross margin of approximately 16%, and overall gross margin of approximately 77%. We expect an operating margin of approximately 16% and a free cash flow margin of approximately 30%. We expect diluted weighted average shares outstanding to be approximately $176 million and we expect to hire 275 net new employees in the quarter. Based on Q4 guidance, the implied full-year 2016 guidance for total revenue is between $1.381 billion and $1.386 billion, representing year-over-year growth between 37% and 38%. We expect subscription revenues between $1.212 billion and $1.217 billion, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 43% and professional services and other revenues of approximately $169 million, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 7%. Implied full-year 2016 guidance for total billings is between $1.630 billion and $1.635 billion, representing year-over-year growth of 36%. We expect subscription billings between $1.454 billion and $1.458 billion, representing year-over-year growth of approximately 40% and professional services and other billings between $176 million and $177 million, representing year-over-year growth between 8% and 9%. The implied full-year 2016 operating margin and free cash flow margin guidance is approximately 13% and 24% respectively and the implied full-year diluted weighted average shares outstanding is approximately 173 million. With that, operator, you can now open up the line for questions.
Michael P. Scarpelli: We're seeing the generation of pipeline and we're very pleased with the pipeline. We see, not just in Q4, but how it's building in 2017 right now. And we think those were very good investments.
Michael P. Scarpelli: That's not really a key metric that I've been looking at because it's not a big piece of our business. As we said before, the ServiceNow Store, what it really does is it drives more user licenses, not necessarily revenue coming from the app themselves, but we have about 56,000 developers in our developer program. Obviously, not all of those have posted things to our App Store. There is – I think a little over 200 apps that you can now download for purchase in our App Store. We did do three deals that were just over $0.5 million in the quarter. Our biggest one, we talked about before, we did do a $1 million deal in the past, but this past quarter there were just three. So as you can see, it's not that big a piece of our business.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Financial services was very strong for us. We actually did one of our largest HR deal ever, $2 million a year and that was with a financial service company and we continue to do a number of up-sells. In our pipeline in Q4, we continue to see more in there as well – as well as our pipeline for 2017. So, we just have strength across-the-board. We really feel we're hitting on all cylinders across all of our product lines right now.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I'll just say through the first nine months we're well ahead of our internal plan in terms of bookings and we're very pleased with that, and that's reflected in the productivity per rep that we're seeing. So, I don't think we could be happier there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The seasonality is really from the billings perspective is what you really see and that's because we have such a big gross down at the end of a quarter and especially Q4. So you don't see the seasonality as much in billing. But as we get bigger, you will see some seasonality going from Q4 to Q1. So obviously, Q4 is our biggest quarter with our end of our commission year for our reps and they try to do everything they can to close every deal so, I don't expect anything different this quarter.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And your question with regards to the growth of net new ACV, we're really not disclosing net new ACVs, so we're not going to give you the overall growth. As you can see our business has been very strong and is reflected in our billing, and that's what's causing the billing speed.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So, on the CapEx, I'll answer that question, first. Obviously, there is two components to our CapEx. The biggest component is our data centers. As you add more customers, you have to add more capacity within your data centers. We're also building out two new data centers because we're in North America, which is a thing that will take some time. That's been planned for quite a while as we're at capacity in our other data centers. The other thing as you are adding a 1,000 employees a year, that takes facilities, and we're building facilities, but the vast majority is hardware within our data centers and you do have to refresh that equipment every three years, and we're into our normal refresh as well there.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, I'll say one thing Rob. Last quarter, 32% of our net new ACV came internationally, and remember international has been suffering from the FX over the last year plus. So, I do – we are very pleased, and we're seeing great growth internationally. Just happens that North America continues to do well as well, both EMEA and APAC are well ahead of their plan for the full year right now, so...
Michael P. Scarpelli: There is no set pattern. We have some customers that are actually spending more on ITOM than they are on ITSM. But I would say in general, customers spend more on a per customer basis because ITSM is more developed. They're paying more for ITSM than ITOM, but ITOM is quickly catching up. We're seeing some very big deals at ITOM. We've actually this quarter to-date seen a nice deal, that's standalone ITOM, which – they're not an ITSM customer.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So, every quarter, as I mentioned on last quarter you have – especially on the renewal side, you have deals that get pulled in and pushed out and it's nothing unusual this quarter. This year, renewals were extremely strong. And in Q4, we think our guidance appropriately reflects what we see in the business today. And I'm assuming we're going to have a normal quarter exiting Q4 with deals getting pushed and pulled on the renewal side. In terms of FX, yes, FX rates have moved as a reminder, 30% plus of our revenue is converted from euros and a big chunk of our business is in pounds as well till they get converted into euros and then dollars. And so, it does have an impact but we've reflected that in our guidance.
Michael P. Scarpelli: We'll be giving guidance for 2017 in January. We've given you guys a framework for kind of how we see, over time how we will get free cash flow expansion as well as operating margin expansion based upon our growth rate. And where we sit today, we think that's appropriate still. And obviously, we'll revisit that in January when we give guidance for the full year.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I would add to that too Kash that if you look at our Global 2000 adds in the quarter, 22 of those out of the 23 had ITSM. That's one of the main selling features. If you look at 18 of our top 20 deals that includes both upsells as well as new customers. They all had ITSM in them, so it is a key to our business.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Okay. Well, I'm the finance guy, and you're going to want me to talk about the technical differences (51:42) data center architecture.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Let me answer your first question is, compute is compute, it's all automated the way we do things and whether you are a single tenant or multitenant, you're still going to need the same amount of compute power. And so it's not going to make a difference from a hardware standpoint. One of the big things though, that adds to our cost is we truly have mirrored data centers, where we are on a regular basis failing (52:09) our customers over from one data center to another to do the maintenance on our databases, which keeps us higher uptime. You've seen the margin expansion we've had, right, 84% on our subscription margin right now, which includes the support organization. And we truly have an Enterprise Class support organization that adds a lot of cost. We've given you our longer-term target model there, which you've seen and we're comfortable with that subscription margin there. I don't think there's really any difference because of our architecture.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yeah. Roughly today about 69% of our customer base has two or more products. There is still room there, but if you look at our corporate analysis, you can continue to see our customers year-after-year buy 50% plus our initial purchase. A lot of that is adding to their existing products they have with more user licenses and we're seeing more and more now that they're also buying these new products and that was part of our whole strategy that's going to a multi-product company that we shifted to in 2015. So, I really don't have any more data than that. But...
Michael P. Scarpelli: So, I'll start up with – we just gave guidance for Q4, and our Q4 guidance is based upon where we see our business for the quarter and we are off to a very good start and I'm pleased with it, don't really have much more to add to that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available as a webcast in the investors section of our website. Thank you for joining us today.
