Michael P. Scarpelli: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer. Our press release and a simultaneous broadcast of this call can be accessed at our website at investors.servicenow.com. We may make forward-looking statements on this conference call such as those using the words may, will, expects, beliefs or similar phrases to convey that information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors in documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission including our most recent quarterly [indiscernible] 10-Q for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. In addition, we will reference non-GAAP financial measures on this call. The company reports non-GAAP results in addition to, and not as a substitute for or superior to, financial measures calculated in accordance with GAAP. To see the reconciliation between these non-GAAP results and GAAP results, please refer to our press release filed earlier today, and for prior quarters, previously filed press releases, all of which are posted on our website at investors.servicenow.com. I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes. So when we look at our reps, we look at our reps in a few different ways. And one of the ways when we look at ramped reps, our productivity per ramped reps have actually stayed pretty consistent which is good. The new reps that we hired, the sales cycle, as we mentioned before, is a 9-month sales cycle. People are still ramping with all the hires we've done in the year. And on average, it takes 9 months to ramp a rep, we said, in a developed territory and new territories. And remember, a lot of our hires we've put into new territories internationally as we're really trying to expand internationally. That's a 15-month ramp on average. And we're pleased with what we see. We wouldn't continue to hire at the rates we're doing if we didn't see the productivity coming out of these people.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So our original planning for the year was to end the year with 600 and as we've mentioned before, that if you find good people, we may pull that in and all that would be doing is pulling in some of the hiring we're going to plan on doing in Q1 2014. But remember, Q4 is one of the tougher quarters to hire sales people because most good sales people, they're into acceleration in their fourth quarter and they're going to stick around through the end of the year.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, I'm not expecting Q4 to be down in terms of sales and marketing again, as a percentage. One of the reasons being is I expect Q4 marketing to increase. We're holding these now, forums that are kind of like mini Knowledge events we held in Europe in 3 cities, so that added to the spend. Our long term, we do you think sales and marketing will be 29% to 31% of our revenue in our long-term model and we're not changing that. But I think it's going to be a while before we get there, given the growth opportunity we see in front of us. We're going to continue to add pretty heavy. And keep in mind, too, we added 66 people into our sales and marketing organization. We're going to have the full impact of that in Q4 coming in. So I do expect our sales and marketing to continue to be increase in dollar terms.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The biggest constraint to our growth is getting good people on board, but it's also getting our system integrators as we are focused on large customers. The system integrators are key to that growth as well to accelerate our growth. But at the end of the day, it still takes time to ramp people and this is an enterprise software sale and it is a long sales cycle.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So just to clarify, this new pricing, we just rolled it out in October into our field and so it's going out in all new quotes right now. You do have some in-flight quotes that had our original platform pricing from early on in the year, as well as some upsells that don't have it, but we expect in 2014 as you're requoting all new customers, will be completely on that new pricing. And we continue to push with renewables to get on this new pricing, too.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, we're going to continue to add people into our professional service organization. But as a percentage of the total people in organization, it's not going to grow that fast. And the reason being is we are not out to do all the professional services. We want to create an environment where our partners can be successful in professional services. And we also don't want to staff up to do 100% of the professional services that we have sold. We will outsource some of that work to third parties. And so it depends but I don't expect that to grow at a very fast pace in terms of headcount growth. Training is the area within professional services that we will be investing very heavily in, and that's for training both our partners and our customers.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available as a webcast in the Investors section of our website, as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release. Thank you for joining us today. This concludes our call and we look forward to our next update in January, following the close of the fourth quarter. Thank you.
Frank Slootman: Walter, it's Frank. As you know, we've been telling the capital markets that we were going to be communicating in more definitive terms about exactly what the contribution of platform is. Really, starting in January, after the Q4 quarter, there's a lot of work that we want to make sure that we're authoritative, we're consistent the way we do it and that we don't have any false starts about it and it takes a fair amount of preparation. Now that said, we continue to make really good progress in the business. I think that last quarter, we reported that we had somewhere around 76% of our production instances having built custom applications on our platform, that number has continued to inch up during the September quarter as well. And we just have tons of anecdotal evidence, some of which we try to highlight in our prepared remarks, that message is spreading. So all I can say about in terms of pricing, we have evolved our pricing model to make sure that we can not only sort of strip platform out the overall bundle, we've done that all throughout 2012. But we've now created a more flexible model that lets people get started at a smaller price point and they don't have to sort of buy in wholesale to start using the platform. So it's really a pricing strategy that makes it more granular for customers to get started without immediately being confronted with all kinds of pricing consequences with ServiceNow. So that's really the change that we've made to our pricing model, our pricing model has been in transition in October. We've really rolled out a fairly significant sort of changes to that and it's really the best we feel about our pricing model to date. So we're in the midst of really rolling that out and implementing that throughout our operating territories.
Frank Slootman: In terms of pricing, what we've done is we've really created a much more granular way for our customers to buy into our services portfolio, which is pretty broad these days. We've historically operated with a one size fits all, one price for everything else. As you know, we started to strip out this year, the licensee, the used license for platform development. But the things we've now also done is we've really segmented the application portfolio itself. We've always sort of been confronted by customers who, on the one hand, like the fact that 1 price buys all. But then we also have the dynamic where customers say well, I'm not going to use everything so therefore, I don't want to pay for it. So eventually, we started to really sell on a pricing model where our customers can buy in on a limited set of applications and then expand that functionality to sort everything that we provide. Also as we said, the use of our platform for non-IT uses, and we have that now skewed and priced separately. And getting started on the platform itself in terms of building custom applications on a very limited basis, we have a price for that, as well as an all in, all out, all you can eat kind of thing. We have a price for that as well. So it's a much more fine-grained pricing structure and model from what we've had in the past. And this is a natural evolution from what we've started with in January of this year. It's still early going in terms of -- in sort of measuring all the impacts because we're literally in the midst of rolling it out for new customers. This will be a very positive change for existing customers in renewal situations and upsell. We'll probably take a little bit more work on our part to really transition it from the old to the new.
Frank Slootman: It is priced separately but it's also -- it can also be purchased as part of the bundle, but it is a chargeable item.
Frank Slootman: Well, there's always the -- that's always true. And in the case of renewal scenarios, there's always the opportunities for customers to true up, as well as true down. But the history has been is that our customers have had to true up both in terms of users, as well as the extent of their utilization of all the services and functionality that we provide. So it does go both ways, that's always been true.
Frank Slootman: I actually believe that the absolute vast, vast majority of our production customers are actually referenceable. If you know -- that I'm saying that on the basis of the fact that on an ongoing basis, a number of escalated accounts that we have, and those are accounts that are in some form of distress for whatever reason, is extraordinarily small. And many times, it's actually at 0. If you have attended our Users Conference Knowledge this year in May, you'll get a sense of what the referenceability of our broader customer base is, which is extraordinarily large. Our net promoter scores, which many of you are familiar with, are also exceptionally high for our industry. So that part of our business is just excellent.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank. The only thing I would add to that is our business does encounter a considerable amount of friction due to the fact that we are replacing legacy systems that have been in place for 10, 15 years. They're highly customized, they're highly back-end integrated. It's not a trivial exercise to just sort of turn those things off and move onto a new platform, it's a real undertaking. So it's not a matter of you can just throw unlimited people at it and the growth will just go on from there, because it is a considerable campaign both from a sales standpoint, as well as from an implementation standpoint to get customers fully deployed on service. Now in spite of all that, you've seen extraordinary growth but I think that is due to the compelling nature of the platform. But it is a transition in industry that is going to take years and years to fully play out. And that's why the penetration numbers that we report are still actually relatively small.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we do, Jason. I mean, I'd like to say that it's all our doing but that's just not the reality. I mean, our customers are the ones that are fully understanding the capabilities that they have in-house. And the IT organization is still the central advocacy point for our broader adoption. IT organizations have tremendous influence in the other lines of business and the other functional areas in these enterprises, whether it's human resources or facilities or procurement or whatever it is. They typically go to HR when they have challenges or need help or advice. And that's really how ServiceNow spreads throughout the enterprise. We have maintained a lot of discipline. We're really staying focused on the IT organization as our core constituency. And we have really, sort of spread through the enterprise through the IT organization. Now in the future, we have every intention of becoming a much more effective and much more literate, if you will, in the broader enterprise and being able to speak the language of human resources and facilities and procurement and so on. But so far, this dynamic has really played out very much virally through the IT advocacy in the enterprise.
Frank Slootman: Yes. That's in effect, already happening. I wouldn't say that it's sort of universal across the board but there are certain countries and certain markets for some of our more aggressive and progressive representatives have -- they're really been running the HR play very, very effectively and really, sort of acquired the go-to-market lingo and be effective in starting up that conversation with customers. We certainly are going to come out with a lot more content in terms of applications to support that effort, so there's a better starting point than just the platform itself. So you're going to see more and more of us really priming that pump and doing a lot more than just waiting for customers to figure it out on their own.
Frank Slootman: Well, I think that the transition in terms of pricing that we've been going through, really for the better part of the last year, is just some necessary ones because the sort of the set of services and capabilities is so broad, we have to make it more granular. So it's an adjustment for customers but we're going to never let pricing stand in the way of meetings customers' needs and dealing with the ambitions that they have in terms of deploying the platform. It just takes a little bit of getting used to. It just takes time for them to sort of fully get their head around how it's going to go, how it's going to work going forward. Perhaps we've been in the middle of that for the better part of this year, we will still be in it for the next 3 to 6 months. But as you can tell, it's not holding the business back, it's just more work on that part to help the transition along.
Frank Slootman: Yes, so we have a lot of incentive for our SI partners to certify their people. And we've made an enormous amount of progress also during the last quarter. And there are incentives in place for our FI partners to certify more and more people because they will receive preference in the field from ServiceNow in terms of getting plugged into new engagements. So as you know, strategically, about 70% of the Services business around ServiceNow is executed by partners and the balance is done by ServiceNow. We really have to expand and build our ecosystem in order to continue to enable the growth that we've seen historically. So getting some of the really large integrators onboard is extremely helpful because they're able and willing to make the investments ahead of the curve. And that's what they need to in other, just to be opportunists and wait for business to fall on their lap. So it's a big focus area for us to expand the capacity of that ecosystem, not just in terms of people but in terms of trained people.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank, Richard. One of the advances that we have is that people can be trained pretty quickly on our platform. Our platform is not a super demanding environment in terms of programming skill sets and so on. So a lot of feeds that we get into our ecosystem actually come from our customers. That's not necessarily always a positive thing for our customers because our customers sometimes see clear paths working for our system integrators and moving along that path. But it's possible to actually make that transition on the ServiceNow platform. So we have a very large pool of talent to plug into, but that pool of talent needs to be trained and needs to be focused on this type of work. And obviously, it takes the concerted effort of a firm to make that happen, right? So I really feel good and I think we've shown, over the last couple of years, that we've been able to grow our ecosystem even though, as you point out, that the kind of growth that we have, we're never living in the surplus situation. It always feels like there is tension that we could use a lot more and I do expect that to continue until sort of the growth moderates a little bit more.
Frank Slootman: I think the App Creator is not a onetime thing, it's a development environment that we will continue to evolve and invest in and to essentially really productize the development platform for ServiceNow. They will help the platform become more approachable for more people and become more productive. As we said on previous calls, I mean, our platform was originally developed for ourselves and maybe for other professional services developers. The big focus for ServiceNow has been and will continue to be to really bring the platform to people really with minimal skill sets and really embrace what the Gartner Group refers to as the citizen developer contest where people actually built their own applications as they, for example, do on Microsoft Excel. It's no longer a professional staff, if you will, but it does all the work on the applications that then is used by a separate group of people. So you will continue to see a continuous new functionality, new features, new deliverables from us to make our platform and our development environments more attractive, more compelling, more approachable for very large numbers of people.
Frank Slootman: As we said during the prepared remarks, the automation is undergoing quite a lot of growth in terms of adoption in our customer base. And the reason is we're really emphasizing the use of the automation framework with ServiceNow. Now automation is really the key to driving an really enormous benefit and returns on investment. That's really where the big payouts are. I mean we talked to a very large financial institution that is very heavily scaled on ServiceNow and they told us they see the opportunity with our automation framework, to really dramatically reduce the level of staffing that they historically have had in their IT environment. That's really what it's all about. So our emphasis in terms of automation and really using that as an integral part of the overall platform is really leading to increased adoption there. We've also done a lot of template applications, new applications on our automation framework to help customers really understand what the potential is of the framework, the types of automation that they can undertake with the technology. So expect that to continue, it's a very important part of the overall strategy. In terms of Discovery, that's really a companion product in terms of the CMDB. So we really view that more as part and partial of our configuration management database.
Frank Slootman: Yes, it's a good question. That's a question that we ask ourselves as well. I think that's probably a more a question of timing. In other words, a question of when rather than if, and it could a be considerable time in the future when we do this. But I think that eventually, if we really are as successful as we think we will be in time in terms of penetrating all the other dimensions of the enterprise, it could well lead to that kind of a structure. We're obviously not ready to project that right this minute but it certainly is a consideration and we're not excluding it at all.
Frank Slootman: All our new customers are getting the new pricing model, period. So that's a given. In terms of existing customers, it's really the renewals that we do every quarter. And that's just a subset of our overall customer base. Of course, to every quarter that goes through in the renewal process with us as they're going to get confronted with the new framework and structure. They all take quite a bit of time because our average contract is about 32, 33 months. So it takes time to cycle through that.
Frank Slootman: Yes, this is Frank. That's actually a very good question. We're not a generic application development platform that you would attempt any type of application on. As we said many times, our platform is ideally suited for tackling request response, workflow-oriented applications. And then when I say requests, these are applications where the users are in need of product, service, help change of information. And the provisioning of these requests goes through a particular type of workflow in terms of the people that actually have to do the work. Sometimes that's heavily automated as it involves approvals, escalations and so on. So it is a very pervasive, very, very common service model that are actually today, a lot it actually lives in your email inbox. But that's why there's so much opportunity here. But if you're going to ask us, are your going to attempt an ERP suite of applications on your platform, that's lot less likely, right? Because we really will be looking for partners to do exactly that on our platform but we ourselves, wouldn't necessarily try to attempt that level of complexity of logic because that is not our core business.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank again. One of the really important things to sort of keep in mind when you look at ServiceNow is that we're not approaching the marketplace in terms of separate markets like, for example, cloud provisioning, looking at it as a separate market. Because we are a very comprehensive IT management platform, provisioning is just one of the services that we deliver. It benefits a great deal from being on the platform because of user administration, a common data model, a single code base. The fact that it's operationally all hosted in a single environment, it makes it very compelling for our customers to say, look, instead of going one-off for cloud provisioning, I'm just going to do this on ServiceNow. So the strength that we derive from our platform is very important in terms of how we go-to-market. And it's true for many of our other applications. When you look at project portfolio management, that actually is a standalone market, but we don't approach it as a stand-alone market because we have unique value that we deliver to it opportunities through our platform. The same is true for governance, risk, compliance, asset management and so on. So AOM, another area, right? So we always go-to-market not on the one-off basis against pure play competitors but we're really trying to leverage the strength to our platform. And that's how we do it and it look exceedingly well because we have value in these categories that nobody else can replicate. So we just want to just emphasize that, that is really important understanding our business and not look at us as a collection of separate products and businesses, because it's not.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we're pretty strong across the board. I mean, we're obviously very strong in financial services, we're very strong in big pharma, we're very strong in technology and big retail, the entire managed services provider. In other words, it's across the board. I don't think -- the only area that I think we wish we would be doing better in is the public sector. We've been doing well in state and local, the federal government is probably an area where we have a lot of room of, which is a good thing.
Frank Slootman: So we do post -- frankly, we do provide cloud provisioning capabilities in our product. I mean, we've demonstrated that at Knowledge13 over this year. They have been shipped and actually, I think, referenced one example in our prepared comments there, a customer that specifically bought our Orchestration product to do cloud provisioning. So that's actually -- we believe that's going to become a very popular use of our platform. So cloud provisioning through our Orchestration framework, I mean, it is a lot of stuff we provide right out of the box but because of the platform, there's no limit to how far customers can take this in terms of resilience, resources, both by the public cloud and other cloud applications.
Frank Slootman: I think we have in the past, given numbers on Orchestration in general, but not specific to cloud provisioning.
Frank Slootman: It's actually both. Both, our initial transactions are getting larger and that's because we're aiming for larger entities but also because we just are casting a much better message. I referenced 1 transaction that was actually much larger than originally envisioned because it included a lot of non-IT objectives that the organization had. Our upsells are also getting bigger because of the -- and the entities are large that we're selling to and the overall scope of the projects that we're undertaking is getting bigger. A whole organization due to all our channel strategy has evolved, the staffing that we've done in terms of our sales organization, these are all people that are very, very capable in dealing with larger enterprises. So that's why you see that trending in that direction.
