William McDermott: Yes, absolutely. I'd be happy to, Keith. Thank you for the question. I think the answer is we've done all of those things. With Québec, we're delivering new low-code tools that move app development beyond the borders of just the engineering organization and really into the hands of the citizen developers. So as you know, with digital transformation is a whole move to modernized apps, and this is really tying engineering and business together, and we're seeing a greater market awareness for ServiceNow's digital transformation enablement to automate manual processes within organizations. And we have a focus in this company on being the platform of all platforms, which means, we don't need anyone to lose for us to win. So lots of folks integrate into the Now platform. And our low-code, no-code app development to create new workflows that deliver great experiences is really taking off. And I gave a couple of examples in our prepared remarks, one such example is a National Cancer Institute. So if you think about what they're doing at NCI, they established a digital service center of excellence, and they've done that around ServiceNow's low-code app engine platform. And when you think about time to value, it's just 10 days, they were up and running with an online portal to collect and track specimens of COVID-19 patients. So we think that this is going to be a runaway success story for the company. And when you look at the year-on-year growth here and you look at the pipeline, we are extremely bullish on this business.
William McDermott: Sure. Absolutely, Alex. First of all, when you look at the pipeline in my prepared remarks, I was very careful to point out that it's never been better than it is right now. And in fact, it's outstanding. And has a couple of driving forces here. One, if you look at EMEA as a theater, the EMEA business is smoking hot. And you saw 80% year-on-year growth in the first quarter out of EMEA. So let that be the first indicator that the brand is now alive and - we are operating extremely well through the Rolodex of EMEA and the CEOs across various industries and various mission-critical geographies are adopting us as the workflow standard. Continue to believe in EMEA as a great wellspring of growth to ServiceNow, and that was a big one for us to get really rolling. The other piece is APJ. We're seeing now outstanding growth out of APJ, and I would say the same is true for the brand. Now we're well known. We're on fire in Japan. As you know, Japan is an on-premise market and needs to move to the cloud. The workflow revolution is one great way to get them going in the cloud. I gave an example of that in my prepared remarks. We're also expecting better things that was with the leadership adjustment that we've made. We see South Korea doing extremely well. So I want you to believe in APJ is yet another well spring of growth that can go higher and higher with ServiceNow. We've always been strong in the Americas. The Americas had an extraordinary Q4, as you know, and they'll kick back into their normal growth rates at higher and be on course with where we wanted them to be at the end of Q2. So you add all that up in the geographic theaters and the business is in great shape. The other thing we've done is really focused on some breakthrough industries, financial services and telecommunications quickly come to mind, where once we get rolling, the Bowling alley effect takes effect very, very quickly here. And keep in mind, we're now in a global economy. That is shifting quickly to lights back on. Last year, GDP was down substantially in the global economy, yet digital transformation spend was up. This year as the economy comes back, they're not slowing down digital transformation spend, actually, it's also going up, but the economy is waking up. So what's gorgeous about this for us is we now have the CRM techniques of digital selling, combine it with the direct selling that always worked well. And some of the techniques that we've enabled also on inside selling and how we've taken the whole marketing value chain from the brand and communications to field marketing, industry specialization product marketing and then all the resources in the field to basically take that industry specific, value-driven story to the customer, and we've aligned that with our services organization, and an expansive ecosystem with all the big partners betting long on ServiceNow, setting up global practices with ServiceNow. So Alex, I've been in this business for 20 years. I've never seen an opportunity like this in my career, and I actually think we're just getting started.
William McDermott: Yes. Thanks, Samad. It's actually very obvious that with a change in administration, everybody has to get their offices and get settled in place and budgets have to be allocated and so on. So we see the light turning on the business model at the federal level very strongly in Q2. And we expected that all along. So it makes up about 10% of our business now. So it's a big part of our business, and the pipeline is absolutely swelling, and it's swelling because of the change in administration. But the administration, as you know, is very focused on digital transformation because it's really the only way to run a much more refined, low cost, high delivery process for the constituents to put in office. So everybody is highly aware of that. And we do fantastic, as you know, in federal. And in fact, Homeland security, many other departments have chosen us a vaccine management just as one thing to give you. And state and local, we're doing really good and again, a groundswell of opportunity there. And I do believe as we go through Q2 and into Q3 and Q4, the deals will just get larger and the business will come in stronger as we go. We're doing great in federal, state and local.
William McDermott: Kash, thank you very much for the question because it's a very important one. Somehow, some way, I actually think some people have this illusion that ServiceNow was advantaged because of COVID. And the truth is that is not the case. The truth is that we lean vaccine management on an emergency response, return to work in vaccine management level it was great for our brand. It was the right thing for our purpose, and it was wonderful in terms of expanding the inspiration of ServiceNow in the global economy. On a financial level, we, like everyone else, had to figure out a new way of connecting with customers. And in that environment, you'll always do better with your existing customers that already really like you and a loyal to you in terms of expanding your portfolio across your base. What you're going to see now is net new logos, net new ACV really kick up into high Gear at ServiceNow, which makes this such an exciting story because our sales force is a largely go-to-market direct sales force. And now they will be able to utilize all of those skills that have been built into that culture and are wired for perfection, really wired for perfection geographically, by industry and by Persona, and that will now be a new tailwind for the investors to enjoy as we progress in 2021. The lead generation, I tried to cover that earlier to, Kash, because I want to really make this clear. We have really refined the company in the context of generating leads. And what I mean by that is we took the brand. We ran a campaign today if you care to see it. You can look at the Wall Street Journal, and you'll see the Wanka campaign because we're letting the world know that the workflow revolution is on. And even the Willy Wonka chocolate factory can run better on the backbone of the ServiceNow platform. And we're educating a whole new generation around what workflow is really all about. And we've taken the brand, the communications, the field, the product marketing and align that to the industry, the GEO, the persona, the inside sales, the direct sales, and we're managing that funnel with a meticulous level of detail around machine learning and AI that manifests itself ultimately in a CEO dashboard, but we manage the whole company on a CRM level that is a really, really world class. In fact, I've never seen it anywhere at the depth of analytics who're running the business on Now. So the leads are not all equal. You have to understand how to manage the pipeline. You have to manage the noise in the pipeline. And as the economy opens up, those processes have been built now for industrial mass scale. So I want to let you know, watch net new ACV, watch net new logos, and watch this machine tick into higher on the back of Knowledge '21 and an already robust and swelling pipeline. We're really in great shape.
William McDermott: And Kash, one thing that's really interesting is when Gina talks about those numbers, which I totally agree with, let's keep in mind, it's organic.
William McDermott: Yes. Excellent question, Michael. Many of our customers are trying to drive automation. And they're trying to drive it across a mix of legacy and, of course, modern applications. And when you think about RPA, it's not a particularly differentiating technology, but it's particularly important for integrating with legacy applications that don't support API-based integrations. So what Intellibot does has a very strong experience in developing RPA solution and has existing product capabilities and technical talent that will help us accelerate and enhance our automation efforts. So think about it this way. Our focus is on delivering world-class automation and a platform we call the Now platform. And what we want to do is accelerate digital transformation. And RPA is a piece of that strategy. So RPA will extend our core ServiceNow workflows and it will automate certain repetitive tasks and it'll integrate with these legacy systems for basically intelligent end-to-end automation. And this is strengthened with our existing technologies, such as AI and ML. And as it relates to our participation in the open market, I can tell you that customers tell me that they feel like RPA has left them with islands of automation. And it's getting harder for them to manage as they scale, they're kind of hitting a wall. So what they're looking for is what we are providing, which is a single platform where workflow is the core engine that drives the process. And then they have a choice of the right automation technology for the use case, based on integrations, RPA, decision management or artificial intelligence. So what we'll give them is we'll give them something that's natively integrated into the Now platform. But for example, if you IPF or any other well-known RPA technology out there such as automation anywhere automation anywhere, if they're looking to work with them, that simply integrates into the Now platform. And they support us, and we support them because we're all on the size of the customer, and that's what really matters. And I really think this is a breakthrough a moment in this Q&A because we have taken that position with all participants in the market. But we don't need anyone to lose for us to win. What we do is we workflow end-to-end business processes, and we're automating work to make it work better for people. And if the customer has a certain vendor that they're working with, it integrates seamlessly within Now platform, it's okay. But there's a lot more of them that is saying, give it to me on one platform, make my life simple. I don't want islands of automation. I want a platform that really manages my business in a smart way. Either way the customer wants to work with us, we're happy to work with them.
William McDermott: I think this is worth noting that, like, it's the way the customer wants to do business, right? So when they have a multiproduct contract, then they want to consume and combine and do all these things, we're just seeing the trend line go more towards the Q4 from a seasonality standpoint, but the good news is, and that's why I think Gina did a great job with changing kind of the nomenclature around this to RPO because that's what the customer wants -- we give the customer what they want and the timing that they want. But what I think our investors want out there is they want to know, are you guys getting new logos? Do you guys get net new ACV? Is your pipeline doing great? Do we have room to believe that this is a story that can keep delivering? And the answer to all those questions is yes, yes, yes.
William McDermott: Yes. I think that's a really insightful question for sure. When you think about what's going on, like I talked about discover in the prepared remarks, right, they were an early adopter of the Québec release. And what they're doing is trying to give value back to the business. So this -- they shared that it's a better time to be a developer on the ServiceNow platform than ever before. Because they use the new user interface builder. And this capability has allowed them to basically create modern and data-rich applications at an incredible pace. And then at the same time, what you see happening is innovation at the edge of the enterprise. Like I'm the executive sponsor for one of the biggest banking customers in the world. They've got to modernize 5,000 applications. So as I saying to me is how can I, for my business people. Modernize an application really quick or build a net new application. So what you're seeing is this convergence now between the developers and the business people demanding innovation and change swiftly coming together on the Now platform. This business, I would not be surprised if it ends up being the biggest business we have. I see the money going to the cloud, whether it's multi-cloud platforms, it's SaaS platforms or its app innovation at the edge of the enterprise, and we are right there. And the fact that we can connect it across all the experience zones, all the way back to IT, security, DevOps, et cetera, gives us a unique competitive differentiation and competitive advantage.
William McDermott: Yes. Sure. First of all, I would just remind you that like ServiceNow is positioning, enabling line of business users to develop workflow automation is really perfect. And we are at the kind of epicenter, I would say, of secular tailwinds, wins, which are forming around the convergence of IT and business, which I said earlier. So App modernization, operational transformation, IT in the business, they're all moving as quickly as possible to drive greater efficiency and more agility. This is a product already today where we have a very capable leader in engineering, Josh Conn, who's been with us now for some time. And when I first came in here, the first thing he said to me is, hey, I'm raising my hand. This could be big. And I said, we're going to get all behind you. So we already have specialists sales force that complement general line to make sure that we capitalize on this opportunity. And I think the reason that this opportunity is so smoke and hot right now is there just aren't enough developers to build the applications that the enterprise need to transform their business. So this huge unmet need in application delivery is really falling right on to the Now platform and these creative workflows are really driving the foundation of the partnership with our customers, tying together engineering and the business executives. So I would just say to you that we have -- we don't need to like hire new sales force to do this. We already got the specialist, we already got the great engineering, and our team really understands app engine. It really understands the platform, even the general line AE in the field sees this as a golden opportunity. And we've aligned all the empowerment levels and the compensation schemes and all the focus to be there because we know that's where the money is.
William McDermott: And Derek, keep in mind, right, Gina is absolutely right. The company started at IT. So this is actually a core strength of ours. And then we move to the employee and the customer and now it's all about the app engine in sort of this low-code world that we see conversion between business and IT. Our company grew up there. It's now prime time because business is pulling at engineering and IT to say, I want my new modern application, and I want to now. So we're kind of right there. The other thing we probably could have covered in greater detail, but I think you already all know this, is this one architecture, one data model and one platform is really coming through strong now. Because most companies out there are either best-of-breed where they do one thing particularly well, but not many things, or they have many different platforms that aren't so well integrated. In our case, even as we put new innovation on the Now platform, it's all integrated, and it all works. So folks are really excited about that within these enterprises because they got a lot riding on whatever they invest in working, pleasing people, delivering a positive ROI, and really making the decision-makers that invest in the platform look good because there's no tech debt with ServiceNow.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure. So I'll take the first question on the Q2 billings and the deceleration from Q1. So first off, you can see in our IR deck that in Q1, we had $11 million in multi-year billings that we don't expect to occur in Q2. So that's part of the deceleration. As well, we talked about timing, and we've talked about this in the past and why billings is not the best metric, right, because if customers are co terming during the contract period, they often renew early, which changes the timing of renewals and really impact billings. And so one of the reasons why billings is not the greatest of metrics and why we are pointing to and giving guidance now for cRPO of 30% in Q2. What I would say is that we are, in fact, seeing a reacceleration of net new ACV in Q2, given the Q2 comp from last year. It's just that there is a lot of noise in billings. And so I just continue to really stress that we should be looking more at cRPO. And then for the full-year, it's about 28% normalized because remember, last year, we had the pull forward of $80 million of billings out of Q1 of 2021 and into Q4. And so the full-year guide, we have increased it by almost the full Q1 be that you're seeing.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. I mean the RPO is definitely a better guide, and there's less noise in it than billings, but there is noise. There's no perfect forward indicator for you. And so if you think about contracted upsells, for example, on the timing of renewals, that could impact cRPO. Additionally, self-hosted deals could potentially impact the RPO vis-à-vis revenue growth. So there's no one perfect indicator, but cRPO is definitely a stronger indicator with less noise. So we will continue to guide one quarter out, and we'll continue to stress that. It has less noise and less confusion in it than the billings metric.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. I would say that we were really pleased with new logo growth in Q1. We saw strong growth in our new logos and seven new customers greater than $1 million across several verticals, right, pharmaceutical, insurance, e-commerce, just to name a few. And most of these deals actually had 4-plus products. And so we are continuing to see good traction in the new logos and obviously existing as well. And so we saw -- we're not going to give you numbers, but I wanted to make sure, again, with billings noise that people understood that we saw strong net new ACV acceleration in Q1 and expect that as well in Q2 and throughout the year.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. I think that we feel really good about our guidance from top line to bottom line. I think the growth is strong, pipeline is good. From an operating margin perspective, it's strong, free cash flow at 30%. I mean, where are you seeing growth that you're seeing, top line and free cash flow margins of 30% with the scale that we're at. So we feel really good about the guidance. We feel really good about the growth, and we'll just continue to keep executing according to plan.
Gina Mastantuono: No. The only reason why the full guide wasn't through to the full-year was we had some pull-through of billings from Q2 into Q1 of about $7 million. We feel really good about the guide and there's -- I mean, I think it's a strong guide throughout, and we're going to really see the seasonality, right? So Q2 and Q3, I tried to talk about that whereas we're seeing more and more billing being pushed into Q4, that's really what you're seeing here. We're seeing very strong acceleration of net new in Q2 as well as into Q3 and Q4.
Gina Mastantuono: It's - yes. So thanks, Sterling. It's much, much smaller. It's less than 5%. And so we are really seeing a bounce back in the bulk of those industries that we've called out last year as being part of the 20%. And we talked about some really large deals in some of those verticals, including retail, entertainment, transportation and manufacturing in this quarter, as well as the renewal rates in those industries are actually higher. So what's really happening, as you can imagine, is these customers who have been harder hit, they're more focused than ever on reducing risk, taking out costs, driving productivity. And so they are leaning in even more heavily with ServiceNow before. And so I just wanted to make sure that people understood that not every customer is in that lucky position right now. And there are still some that are hard hit, and we continue to work with them and help them through it. But yes, the bulk of this industry are really bouncing back fairly well and really helping lean into this digital transformation that we're seeing.
Gina Mastantuono: I'll just add one thing, Derek, to say that the IT organizations are becoming more and more important here because the businesses, while -- yes, they bought these applications. The IT organization is responsible for ensuring they're safe, secure, right? And so the partnership between the business and IT is becoming stronger and stronger. And ServiceNow is the platform that's strategic to IT, trusted, scalable and secure. And it's a platform that IT is going to continue to use to build these mission-critical applications for the lines of business. And so really, we are very well positioned given our strategic relevancy in the suite with the CIO.
