Gina Mastantuono: Well, thank you, Keith, for all of those comments. I appreciate that. Vancouver launch is the end of September. So if you think about from a timing perspective, we won't see it even in the market really until Q4. I'll let CJ talk a little bit more about our very exciting Lighthouse program. But as we think about longer-term guidance, right, our scale is such that it's going to take a little while for us to see real impact on the top line, but rest assured, we absolutely are very bullish on the opportunities in front of us as we think about the value that we're creating for our customers with Gen AI.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, it's a great question, Samad. And what I'd say is, listen, at the end of the day, what you've seen quarter-after-quarter from ServiceNow is solid execution. The demand environment is very durable. And that being said, we continue to be prudent with our guidance, right? At the end of the day, we absolutely believe that Generative AI could potentially bring renewals forward, but I'm not baking that into a guide right now. We just don't know what that's going to look like. What I can tell you is that from a -- if you think about the Q3 guide versus last year, we have a full-year now of slower macro demand, right? So really Q3 is when things started to shift. The Q3 of last year had an incredible Q4 of ‘21 and an incredible Q1 of ‘22 in that CRPO guide. Our CRPO guide now for Q3 is strong. We are reflecting lower level of early renewals as we continue to see. But you're 100% right. The Generative AI potential and opportunity could absolutely have some upside that we've not reflected into our guide right now.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So John, what I said was that it had its best Q2 ever. And so Q3, as you know, is always a big quarter for Fed. But what I said was continuing the trend. So it had its best Q1 ever. It had its best Q2 ever. It had it best Q4 as well. And so it's not bigger than Q3, but it had a great quarter. It saw $10 million deals, including one over $8 million. And what you're really seeing is that our message around accelerating digital transformation journey is resonating. If you think about what they're looking to really partner with ServiceNow and platforms like ServiceNow, much more through an enterprise lens, more strategic, more multiyear, and they're really looking to digitally transform the citizen experience across the board. And so we're really excited about the continued trends that we're seeing. We have an incredible new leader in Dr. Raj Iyer doing incredible work with that whole team. And so you can only imagine that the opportunity remains really strong.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. I would not say that we're giving you an all clear sign on the economy, right? I think we continue to execute extremely well, but from a macro perspective, I would say that there's not a whole lot of change, except for the commentary on Gen AI, right? So everyone is really excited about the productivity gains and the value that Gen AI is going to create for the business. What that means for the back half is, I believe, it's early to tell. But at the end of the day, what I'll tell you is our pipeline remains healthy, and we actually see higher pipeline coverage ratios going into Q3 than we saw last year. A lot of momentum coming out of Knowledge ‘23. I talked about in my script, over $3 billion in pipeline attended that Knowledge Conference, and we saw a 50% increase in the executive program attending. So if you think of the C-suite, the higher-up folks are coming to understand what ServiceNow can do and provide. And so we've created approximately $0.5 billion in pipeline to-date out of that event. And we continue to see strong demand for our team to fly out and do demos, similar to what we presented at K23, especially around Gen AI. And so I'd be cautious, like there's not a whole lot of change in the macro, but there's a lot of excitement about what Gen AI, and in particular, with ServiceNow's Gen AI strategy can do for customers in the short, mid and long-term.
Gina Mastantuono: So from a CapEx perspective, Alex, baked into our margin guide for this year, I'm not concerned, right? So any incremental demand is reflected in the free cash flow for 2023. As we think about going forward, at this point, we don't see any large requirements for increases. But as we see where demand kind of starts coming through in Q3 and Q4, the back half of the year, I'll reflect that in my guide for 2024. But rest assured, as you have known us to always do, if there is some pressure on gross margins as a result of a little bit more CapEx, we'll be offsetting that with operational efficiencies as we continue to roll out Gen AI capabilities within our own organization.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. We -- so if you remember, I talked about the fact that we actually, in Q1, despite the macro stuff going on within that industry, we saw growth in Q1, and that was cycling huge growth in Q1 of 2022. And so we were really pleased with what we saw in Q1. And I would say we continue to see strength in financial services, and we had good growth in there and actually very good as we talked about deals with Barclays, for example. And so we continue to be demonstrating really strong value in all our financial services customers. So continued strength their costs.
CJ Desai: Thank you, Gina. Thank you, Keith, for the question. And the way I would answer it in terms of the demand that we are seeing from some of the largest companies, some of them that were mentioned earlier from the industry perspective is very real. They believe that Generative AI, in context of ServiceNow, will deliver higher productivity. And I stay consistent that we are going to monetize only when we get higher value that are delivered for our customer and get a fraction of that value, whether it's 10%, 90% or whatever. So if a customer gets 100 points of value, ServiceNow keeps 10%, customer gets 90% of the value. What I mean here is our premium SKUs that Bill outlined will be Pro Plus. So this will be on top of ITSM Pro, CSM Pro, HRSV Pro with an exciting new offering for ServiceNow developers that we showcased at Knowledge, which will be text-to-code, text-to-workflow. These products are being released in September. We will see. We know how our adoption curve was for ITSM Pro and CSM Pro in 2019, so we have some models. But customers want to try it first, see the value, and then we will share with you at the next earnings on how things are going.
CJ Desai: Okay. So first of all, thanks, Matt, and I will start. As it was outlined that ITSM Pro, as well as CSM Pro, which are very similar, customer-facing agents and employee-facing agents, had amazing growth in second quarter. And even when I look at the percent of total, I feel very good about the Pro trajectory that we have been on in this market for the past few years based on automation and other features that we deliver via Pro. Now on your question on seat expansion, the way I think about it is T times Q times R, where R is the rate of increase. So if you look at ITSM Pro, what we have seen is besides the 25% uplift that Gina shared at the Financial Analyst Day, the seed expansion has been 10%. And so you may ask, okay, why is that? The reason is very simple, as the world is becoming more digitized, as the corporations are becoming more digitized, the incident volumes or a customer service requests are going up. So while they are leveraging the Pro features, the seed expansion is not a coincidence, because number of incidents, whether you look at security incidents, IT incidents, our digital products continue to go up. And that's why I look at T times Q times R where R being the rate of increase on the number of if you keep the quantity constant, that R is driven by higher level of digitization. So when I think about Generative AI specifically, we look at this base of Pro and we think about Pro Plus. And given the value that is already being delivered by Pro, Pro Plus will allow you to gain additional value or whether it's the employees, whether it's our customers' customers or whether it's our agents. And that's why we feel very comfortable with the monetization strategy with Pro Plus because our customers will get value because of higher productivity, and we'll get a small percent of it.
CJ Desai: Yes, thank you, Bill, and spot on. So Kash, we have always thought about pricing of services in the context of what value our customers get, whether when we launched ITSM Pro, which was exactly five years ago, and we have kept the same price for ITSM Pro over the past five years. Now in terms of Pro Plus, based on very specific use cases, right? So I'll start with specific use cases, which we call domain specific. Those large language models we do not need to run super large language models because we are saying that, hey, for ITSM, this model will give additional productivity on top of Pro. And that productivity based on the use case could be significant. So from a pricing perspective, on the list price, we would like to be at least minimum, 60% plus when we start on top of Pro. So you're a Pro customer, you're already getting the value. We have seen it over the past five years, and we have seen the seat expansion happen as well. So on Pro Plus, you start with 60% plus. Customers are trying out this large language models. The models have accuracy, they are trying to learn themselves. Hey, do I take the prediction that comes out of large language model? Do I just accept it? But we fundamentally believe, which is what I shared at the Financial Analyst Day, that Generative AI is a tailwind for our business, but most importantly, the value that customers get. So I want to start with explaining the value, because you can say somebody is more productive for a particular task that they are repeating over and over again, but what percent of their day they spend on the task. And how do we look at the particular work week or a customer service agent or an IT agent. And then if we can say, okay, for your industry, for these use cases on ServiceNow, we believe we can deliver very high value, and hence, there is a premium we have Pro Plus. And we'll start with the 10%, 90% map. And as we see more and more value getting delivered, of course, we are going to ask for higher prices.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So first of all, thank you, Keith. Lots of questions in there. And I would say when we launched ITSM Pro in September 2018, the exact same question was asked. And at that point, I said, okay, listen, if -- even if Q remains the same, with the 50% on the list price uplift, we should be able to deliver value for our customers. And how it has played out, though, is that not only we have been able to get 25% uplift on ITSM Pro, but in addition, the seat count went up by 10%, which is the rate of increase. Now when I look at Generative AI, to answer your first question, not only is Pro Plus, because it's also Enterprise Plus. Because Enterprise features are things like process mining, workforce optimization, skills mapping for the workforce in IT or customer service. So these are not related to AI feature set. So enterprise has a very different payload than Pro. So we are Pro Plus as well as Enterprise Plus. So that's number one. And number two, in your question around early customer conversations, customers are still dealing with labor shortage. They are still trying to figure out how they can make their labor force more productive. It is always about efficiency so they can get more work done. And in that environment, I have formed belief right now that Generative AI is a catalyst so that their employee base is still more productive. And so even if Q remains the same, I'm still optimistic on the rate of increase, as well as the price we will get because of the value we are going to deliver.
CJ Desai: Yes, absolutely, Alex. So I'm going to have Gina answer the CapEx and COGS question, and then I'll answer your pricing question.
CJ Desai: Got it. So Alex, the two things that I do want to share based on Gina's comments is, number one, we do not require large language model with hundreds of billions of parameters because for our domain specific use case, we can run what we have seen with text-to-code, for example, is one-tenth per size of OpenAI model. So that allows us to run it efficiently. It allows us to run while respecting the privacy of our customers' data. So that's number one, and that goes into the COGS answer that Gina gave based on the initial demand and customers that we are working with. Now in terms of your question around P times Q. The uplift that we believe we can absolutely price it as would be on the price. So if the quantity remains the same, the uplift will be on top of Pro with the list price, 60% uplift. And then, of course, our sales team works with enterprise discounts, all that you know how that plays out. And that's why if you assume that, why is that 60% is the number? It is all based on the value that we believe our customers will derive with additional Gen AI features that we are going to release for ITSM or whether it's for customer service management, those things, definitely, there is a cost of R&D and as well as cost to run something like that, but it will always be based on the value they get. So I feel pretty comfortable on the uplift list price on that specific price at the seat level. And then the second thing I would say is that we have seen, because of digitization on ITSM Pro, which was the point I was trying to make earlier, the seats have expanded by 10% over the last five years, while the price uplift that we have realized, which was 50% on top of ITSM, and we got 25%.
CJ Desai: Yes. And I'll just add one thing, Karl, on Gina's point, is that specifically in Q2, within Fin in the banking sector, we saw measurable progress across our portfolio, both in the United States and Canada, as well as in Europe. So the platform is resonating. The largest of the largest bank expanded. And I can tell you that one bank, which expanded with us, is now close to -- at a TCV level, $100 million when they renewed with us in Q2. So we are seeing that banks are back, and there is a very decent pipeline in the second-half as well.
CJ Desai: Yes. So thank you so much, Brad. So first of all, I would start with, through for CSM also had its best quarter besides Customer Workflow overall, including our field service management also had a great quarter. So when I think about this category, we were very good on tying front office to the mid office to the back office, and that has been our differentiator, not just the engagement layer, but actually getting work done when a customer raises a request. And now we have some of the largest brands in the world, which showed up at our Knowledge ‘23 event on how they are using our Customer Workflow solution, all the way from engagement layer, to mid-office and back-office workflows. So that's number one. The other comments that were shared earlier by Gina is that we are also seeing, in certain specific industries, Customer Workflows resonate really, really well. One is telco, as Gina shared on our industry-specific SKUs, but also when I look at public sector, when I look at government-to-citizen experience, all of that on our ability to get work done on ServiceNow platform and leveraging our back-office experience and tying that to the front office is resonating at the largest brands in United States and Europe. And I remain extremely optimistic on this particular product line as we have transformed how customer can be served better when you tie the front office to the mid office and back office. And on Creator, also very, very nice growth in Q2 driven by just -- there was an earlier comment on U.S. Federal, but we are seeing App Engine, which provides low-code capabilities for our customers, the ability to integrate with all the systems that are available as well as our platform encryption and just the security features of our platform, that is resonating really well from financial services to health care and many other organizations, including sub-verticals within public sector. So App Engine, when you think about low code and the text-to-code innovation that we will deliver in September, which we showcased at our Knowledge Conference, there is so much demand. And Bill touched on this early on when I speak to some of our largest customers, our midsized customers, the backlog on ServiceNow remains very high. And what I mean by backlog, they want to automate more things using ServiceNow. They don't have enough people who can automate more things using ServiceNow. So with Generative AI and text-to-code and text-to-workflow capabilities, that's what really excites them so that they can reduce the backlog, automate more using our platform, so they get higher value and become an efficient organization.
Bill McDermott: And Matt, what I would build on from CJ's commentary, is this is the entire enchilada as it relates to transforming businesses. Generative AI and these LLM models are now putting CEOs in a position where they have to come up with a new playbook. So if you're talking, for example, to a telco, media and technology CEO, they're thinking, how do I reinvent my customer service orientation, the offers that I'm making? How do I manage the network? How do I deliver great service operations? Similarly, you might be surprised a little bit to know how forward leaning the public sector is. They're thinking like self-service citizen experience. How do I really rethink citizen-facing assisted services? How do I drive employee productivity and really rethink the way we're running things? And manufacturing, I met with one CEO that for every minute, the shop floor is down or isn't as productive as it should be, every minute is $500,000. So that factory employee, the sourcing and supply chain, building a digital factory, how do I rethink sales and service. And health care, health care CEO who's running probably the most prestigious health care institution in the world said, how do I rethink health care and completely model something that doesn't exist today as it relates to the patient care and how I can move services from an in-house establishment to somebody's home. Like it's all on the table. So the point that I want to make is this. ServiceNow is now in all of those conversations. And many of those you might have thought of as, wow, that sounds like ERP modernization, or probably sounds like a supply chain case or a manufacturing case. So actually, that's the point. We have become the intelligent enterprise for digital transformation, and we're lifting people out of soul-crushing work and modernizing these companies with a 21st Century platform that's resonating. You combine that with LLMs, the combination of NVIDIA and others, I really think this is a once-in-a-generation moment.
Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much for the question, Mark. First of all, when we get to the C-level, and we're talking to the corner office, it's all about innovation. And there is no lack of interest in digital transformation. There is no lack of interest in rethinking the employee or the customer experience or even how you empower people to do their best work, especially engineers and IT professionals because the digital strategy has become the business strategy. So the whole thing for us is not so much based on one month or one quarter versus another. It's having a chance to portray the broad vision and the completeness of vision we have with C-level decision-makers that understand what transformation really is all about. So that is the only limiting factor just making sure we get a chance to explain the breadth and depth of our story. In terms of the geographic scenario, we're growing in all of them very well. They each have their own individual scenarios. Obviously, you're well aware of energy and security and obviously, the Ukrainian situation, which is just a human tragedy. Americas is extremely strong. Europe is strong in spite of that because they need technology to dig their way out of a lot of the complexity. And Asia is going well for us, especially in Japan, where we have a new leader now, and we really feel like we planted a flag in Japan, and we have a new frontier that's going to grow really fast. So we're feeling good about all the geos. Some of the industries are doing incredible things. And yet at the same time, I want to make the point back to the platform. We had 19 of our top 20 deals with five or more products in the deal bomb. And in nine of the deals, we had 10 or more products. And that's a tribute to CJ and an amazing engineering team, but also in concert with Paul and our go-to-market machine, the collaboration on taking innovation from the factory and getting it in the hands of the customer quickly is really establishing itself as an art form here. And I'm super proud of the team, and I just want to give it up for the team.
Bill McDermott: And if I could just build one thing on Gina's commentary, John. You might remember the great Kevin Haverty that ran all of our sales force for double-digit years. Kevin, is not only with us, but he oversees the whole government business as an entity for the corporation, and we see amazing opportunities to take what we have done in U.S. federal also state and local, don't forget, 40 out of the 50 states here run in ServiceNow. We see a great opportunity to take that to Asia, specifically India and Japan, obviously, across Europe, Germany, France, the U.K., to name a few, and we also see expansive opportunities in the Middle East. And I just want to shout out to Kevin because him being here and being a part of our future, and also mentoring Raj and really building a powerhouse is just so exciting to me personally. And I love the Fed team, and I just want to give them a little shout out, too, because they're amazing.
Bill McDermott: And one set of facts, Rob, that might be interesting to you and others is the loyalty effect. You understand cloud economics, of course, but there's also the human effect of loyalty. Right now, we took a very strong position with our employees that we would remain a loyal to them, no matter the weather conditions in the marketplace, that we would do it together. And we now have the best retention rates in the history of the company. We have 99% retention rate with our customers. So if you take the loyalty effect into consideration, the net present value of what that means, and you combine it with the net new ACV that we think we can get out of this amazing platform and the innovators that are leading the charge for us, we have a tremendous sense of purpose and confidence within the company. And I think that really is fun to watch, and it's pretty thrilling to see what we can do with our customers. And I'm excited about this brave new world. And we're really fired up and ready to go over here.
Bill McDermott: Yes, Kash, Thank you so much for the question. First of all, the pricing power in a technology company is always representative of its innovation. And again, I can't thank the leaders from CJ all the way through the engineering organization of this company for their great leadership. And I believe strongly, we have something you can reference that's quite fact-based. We have already introduced AI into the ServiceNow platform for some time, as CJ said. And we're seeing the Pro version of the ServiceNow platform grow more than 50%, 5-0 percent, year-on-year. And in terms of putting a figure on it, with Pro Plus, where we are building those LLM models into the ServiceNow platform and extending those partnerships, I'll let CJ talk about what we think we can get, but it is on top, and it is pretty significant because the business cases for the customers are so compelling.
Bill McDermott: And Alex, one thing I would also like you to know and everybody else is we're getting a lot of new logos. And every time you get a new logo, you get new seats. The other thing is on the platform expansion in the company, we are now in a world where we're selling multi-product solutions, business solutions, to significant companies and industries, and we're communicating with all the personas. So one data point that you might find interesting is that 19 of the top 20 deals this quarter, there was five or more products in there. That's a lot of seats. In nine of our deals, there was 10 or more products in the deal. And then finally, if you think about large-scale enterprise deals, we are growing our deals in the $20-plus million category 50% year-on-year. So we're getting a lot of new seats. And I think that is something that you should always keep in mind. New logos, expanding on the platform in every company, going into new geos, and new personas, all new seats. And then if you apply the logic of innovation and pricing, as CJ said, you're going to get a lot of good outcomes for the customer and for the shareholders.
Bill McDermott: Yes, it's a good question, Peter. One of the things that I would just share with the group here is we have really, really great partnerships. And I mentioned the Cognizant partnership, they're accelerating their adoption of AI-driven automation with us and taking that to market. KPMG, reimagining finance, supply chain and procurement. We talked a little bit about Accenture. They're the first mover in joining the ServiceNow customer Lighthouse program. But we also have other channel partners that are developing giving our sales force expanded reach, very large technology companies and reporting on that might be worth doing in the future, certainly wouldn't be against it. But you're right, that a lot of the technology partners, whether they're hyperscalers, they're part of the technology stack or they're just strong technology companies, they recognize the power of their solutions when you combine it with workflow automation from ServiceNow, because then instead of selling boxes or products in a SKU, they move into business solutions. And then they can customize that story by industry. And we're even having some situation in the channel where we're developing smaller bite-sized turnkey solutions that can be sold in a virtual world. So we can do a lot with the channel. I think it's early days for those technology channel partners. The SIs have all adopted us. All have now -- the big ones all have billion-plus practices. One is beyond $5 billion. So you're on a good point, and we'll be sure to talk about that a lot.
Bill McDermott: Yes, thank you very much. I want to go back to one of the comments I made earlier. There is no lack of interest in the C-suite for Gen AI. In fact, every one of them knows they have to have a playbook, and they're extremely focused on this. And most of the really forward-leaning ones are demanding of their C-suite direct reports that they're using this in their everyday business activities to run a better company, to run a more margin-efficient company and ultimately, a company that takes better care of their people and their customers. So this is set in stone now. This is real. This is happening. And what's interesting about IT budgets, and this is something that I shared a little bit with Alex earlier, where in IT as the standard, which is great, because the IT strategy has easily become the business strategy, but we are now going across all the personas in an enterprise. And what's great about the cloud business model, a lot of these personas have their own budgets and they're going to fund their own initiatives, and they're looking at ServiceNow now as a company that can fundamentally change the game. So I think that the future is bright. And whether you're thinking about customer and employee service desk where you have virtual agents that are serving queries and general how-twos, you think about text-to-code, you think about automating a classification of different cases and how you resolve them, how you take operational support, not only across IT, but proactively manage cases that go through all the other departments, how you have touchless correspondence and literally onboard all the business processes. So if you're Gina, you're thinking about, who are my partners, who am I going to procure things from, how am I going to make this onboarding process and all the visibility into all business operations completely seamless. So this is what's happening in every company right now. And I think we're going to be a big benefactor, because we became a platform company, and we now have the relationship capital with these executives to go way beyond just the IT budget. Not that, that's not a good place to be, but it's better when you can go into the entirety of the budget. And that's where all the user counts are. That's where the business model innovation is, and that's where we have the biggest impact. So that's where we're going to be. So I think the future, as you look into 2024, is going to be extremely bright. And I think we have to now do all the hard work to make sure we're the benefactor of a big cut of that overall budget in the company, whether it's at the department level or the central IT level.
