Bill McDermott: Yes, Brad, thank you very much for the question. Things are going very well out there, and the momentum is terrific. What's really happening and I can say this after 186 CEO meetings in the last six months, the CEOs are now getting very involved with the Gen AI revolution. They realize there has to be architectural adjustments to their environment and the manner in which they manage their data and the platforms they're beholden to actually take advantage of Gen AI. And if you think about the half a century mess that exists out there with legacy systems, in many cases, multiples of the same system, we have one unifying force in these conversations, which is the Now platform because we cooperate with the complexity of this landscape without putting people in a position to rip and replace. So, they're looking for platforms that matter. We're one of those and I think as Gina said, we are the intelligent platform for end-to-end digital transformation. When you have that C-level executive meeting, they really get it now and with regard to Gen AI, the momentum is outstanding. As I said, that SKU has outsold any other new introduction we put into the marketplace. So, there's a real appetite to invest in Gen AI, and there's no price sensitivity around it because the business cases are so unbelievable. I mean if you're improving productivity, 40%, 50%, it just sells itself. So, I think we're in a really, really good place. The Gen AI investments are coming. We're actually getting orders because we have great product, thanks to CJ and his unbelievable engineering team. So, I would tell you at this time last year, compared to this time this year, you should be more bullish now.
Bill McDermott: Yes, I mean, I'll obviously let CJ comment on this also. But you look at the Visa strategic partnership using Gen AI solution to manage end-to-end dispute resolutions with customers. I mean this is one of the great brands in the world, one of the substantial companies. And just think about the impact Gen AI has in a radically simplifying their conversation with their customer and deflecting all the human capital it takes to resolve these cases when technology can do it. If you look at EY and the idea of instilling Gen AI governance on a single pane of glass to manage risk and compliance for some of the biggest corporations in the world. If you look at the opportunity, every single industry has a great opportunity. I was in Germany recently, and I was talking to a home appliance industry participant. Post-COVID, they went from 25% online sales to much more than 50%, and it's growing. So, when CJ and his team brought Field Service Management with Gen AI to the marketplace, just think about one call where the agent instead of -- the rep instead of using a clipboard and a pencil, he's got it on the mobile, knows exactly what part to bring, resolves the case on the spot. That's one part of it, but here is another part of it. The consumer will pay a lot more if they can get a same-day repairs agreement along with the appliance. And the margins on same-day repair are far greater than the box itself, plus you create a nice annuity stream. So, what we're talking about here is fundamentally rethinking the way business is transformed using our platform and Gen AI. And CJ, I know, and I do want to congratulate you and thank you for the job that you continue to do, bringing this innovation to the marketplace. Please give us your thoughts.
Bill McDermott: Thank you very much, Arjun, and I really appreciate it. Just a couple of statistics on the customer workflows, 18 of our top 20 deals, what we're seeing is there's a tremendous opportunity to really take ServiceNow and squarely place it on the Customer Relationship Management category. When you think about front, mid and back office and the fact that we can align all three of those things, and nobody has to lose for us to win. We could fill in all the blanks for what the current participants don't do, especially with their integration problems. It's just a fantastic opportunity for our customers. And I think it's important to note, when I gave the Field Service Management example, our net new ACV in Field Service Management, specifically was up over 50% and year-over-year. So, I think it's important to recognize that we have a whole list of new logos in this space. And employee workflows, nine of our top 20 deals and was kind of interesting. Every single CEO now is looking to make the people packed far more productive than it is and with natural language to have your employees seek the data and the information they want and have it reported back to them in just a very nice paragraph of content and data so they can do their jobs better, is kind of like in the no-brainer category. And we have some really great logos that I'm sure CJ would like to share with you as well. But both of those areas are really good. And incidentally, that employee spot that I mentioned was up 80% year-over-year.
Bill McDermott: Yes. May I also just add one thing, Kash. If you think about every single industry, they all have their own personality. So, for example, I had the opportunity to meet a pharma company. And as you know, the average life cycle, for example, for clinical trials is over six and a half years. And this is an industry that drops $200 billion a year on this clinical trial process and 90% of them fail. So, if you just think about that for a minute, you say, well, what can generative AI do to automate document generation, for example, that would be in line with regulatory protocols and you come up with site contracting agreements, for example, that also include the patient, because the patient has to be engaged in the process, otherwise, they won't stay in the trial. And every time a patient opts out, they lose money, $20,000 per patient. So, generative AI on the ServiceNow platform obviously can go in there and radically cut down the cycle-time of these clinical trials. So, CEOs right out of the gates are ready to go. Your team, my team, let's figure this out. So, there's a real appetite. And I think why I'm so bullish is we have a platform that already has it.
Bill McDermott: And Keith, Gina doesn't brag about this, neither does Russ Elmer, who is our Office of General Counsel lead. We're using the Now platform. So, in all the back office functions of the company, we're so automated, so productive. And they're getting things done on the Now platform that it would take other companies five and six times the headcount to do the same job. And that is really something. We actually even had with legal service delivery, AI tell us that we're spending too much time on contracts less than $250,000. Our office of General Counsel, Russ made the decision based on AI that we could fundamentally change that and reorient the workflow around those kinds of agreements, which gave us a huge rush, and he didn't have to hire anybody. And then he actually took that product and our great engineering team built it. We call it LSD, Legal Service Delivery and now lawyers all over the world, they want to jump on. So, everything we do internally with Now on Now as an external marketing force associated with it.
Bill McDermott: Yes, I think we were -- I think, Mike, you called it. I think we were at 23 out of 24 of the world's largest and most significant ones. And now we're at 24 out of 24. And I just seriously want to credit the amazing platform of ServiceNow, the MRA process and integrated risk management and the complexity of going into an environment like that is pretty serious stuff. And to have a marquee brand trust us and believe in us and believe in ServiceNow the way they did is really inspiring. And I really have to turn it over to CJ and give him so much credit for the hard work that he put into it. And I know firsthand because I had the front row seat to watching it and how we spent time with this wonderful customer. And CJ, I'm sure you got some color that you might want to put on that.
CJ Desai: Thank you, Bill. And Mark, here is how I would say some of the questions that you asked are absolutely spot on. Element AI team was absolutely a game changer from talent perspective. And our investments in AI, that you're very familiar with since 2017, continue for us, not only on the speed of innovation, but what we learned from our customers. Let me give you a couple of quick insights. We were the first ones -- one of the first ones to release the product with use case specific generative AI starting in September. So we definitely had first mover's advantage from that perspective. However, from a customer sentiment perspective, I will tell you there were two Wall Street banks telling me specifically that they wanted to be the first ones on the Street, Wall Street in New York, to go with our Gen AI solution and one of them signed with us. And you work for one, but in the sense that this is a highly regulated environment, regulators want to know how AI is done, and we were able to sign with the first Wall Street Bank in New York in Q4. In addition, we also signed with a large manufacturing company that wants to fundamentally transform their employee productivity. And then we also signed with a very large restaurant food retailer who wanted to transform employee experience and overall shared services productivity so that their margins can go up. This is definitely a game changer. We are learning a lot from our customers. We are seeing very significant momentum and I was here when we launched 2018 September, ITSM Pro, and as Bill and Gina shared that this has exceeded all of our expectations on how well we did on the monetization of our Pro Plus SKUS. Thank you, Mark.
CJ Desai: Thank you, Bill. And Arjun, some of the questions that you asked, you're spot on. So, AI and specifically Pro Plus SKU was a catalyst, both for our employee and customer workflow. So, that's number one. Number two, within customer workflow, which had an amazing quarter, and I'm so proud of that team and ServiceNow to cross $1 billion which just a few years ago was $10 million. That's a multiple orders of magnitude growth on the difference we are making in customer service because we are ServiceNow, and we know how to do customer service. So, ServiceNow growth was unbelievable from customer service and customer workflow perspective. Two sectors, I'll call out besides Bill's point on Field Service Management. Number one, our telco products, specifically designed for telco industry, saw triple-digit growth with some of the largest telcos in the world related to customer service. And also, we saw in public sector from a direct to citizen perspective, Customer Service Management Did really well in Q4. And on employee workflow, as Gina outlined, we had many million-dollar deals across the industries, including public sector and that business, in addition to HR service delivery with workplace service delivery and legal service delivery, continues to do very well, growing very strongly.
CJ Desai: Hey Kash. So, I will touch on this from a couple of things. demand environment, as Gina has outlined, it continues to be still tough, right? We are not ready to say that things have improved significantly. It is our platform's strategic relevance, as Gina called out, is very high, which has allowed us to what you saw million-dollar deals and large deals that happened in our Q4 across the globe, across the industries, the performance was very strong. So, let me just touch on that. On generative AI the demand for generative AI varies by industry, but we are -- I'll give you an example of a large manufacturing company, the CIO reached out to me in October, wanted to do a four weeks POC and purchase it in December. So, from a sales cycle perspective, that was a top-down decision moving very, very fast. A large retailer is currently also doing a proof of concept with ServiceNow Pro Plus SKU because it is a CEO initiative that Bill talked about. So, from a demand on Gen AI specifically, it is very, very clear that customers are pulling us in that direction in certain industries. And for those sales cycles, yes, they are very fast. They want to see a large manufacturing company CEO that Bill met in Germany, I had a follow-up call in December, and he said, CJ, I want to kick off on Pro Plus SKU for the specific use cases on ITSM. And you and I should review the results end of February. This is faster than ITSM Pro sales cycle. And so I would say overall environment is still similar from what we saw in Q3 to Q4, and Gina will touch on it, but Gen AI, it's on a faster cycle.
CJ Desai: Yes. And Keith, Gina handled this really well in terms of sales efficiency. But one of the things that Bill mentioned that I just wanted to call out that we are really proud of our sales teams besides expansion of our platform in different buying centers, but also the new logo growth. The new logo growth for 2023 was way ahead of what our expectations were specifically in Americas and Europe compared to 2022, including the large transaction that Bill referenced. But when your sales capacity and sales efficiency specifically is improving, while you're also gaining new logos, which is just a very super proud moment for us in 2023.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So, Samad, here is what I would say. In general, every single workflow grew for us on net new ACV, which is always a great thing that, that's a balanced performance across every single workflow. And so really proud of the team, both our go-to-market and engineering teams that we continue to deliver innovations and our go-to-market teams, they know how to sell that innovation across our product lines. So, that's number one. Number two, when I look at some of our industry products that I called out, specifically for TMT as in telco, media and tech, they are seeing very nice traction. We also released in our technology workflow under the leadership of Pablo Stern, operational technology product that also grew very nicely. Bill called out Field Service Management, Customer Service Management had an amazing not only Q4 but 2023, and then employee workflow also grew. So, as I'm walking through this list besides Gen AI and then I can tell you the same thing about security, risk, and so our asset management had a phenomenal 2023. So, I expect all these product lines to continue to have momentum besides generative AI.
CJ Desai: Yes. So, Mike, first of all, the Pro SKUs, as you know, that we launched it in 2018 Q3, so we have five years of consistent trajectory and measures on how we did on Pro across ITSM, CSM and so on. And that we shared at Financial Analyst Day in May. Gina shared that number that we got 25% uplift. When I look at Pro Plus, first, just to underscore what Gina said that it definitely exceeded our expectation, did really, really well and the fastest growth. We have launched so many products over so many years. This definitely exceeded our expectations. So, that's number one. Number two, just simple thing. When I'm looking at what, based on the volume discounts, customers leaning in, asking us to try out from POC, POE perspective, it is in line with what my expectations were on how we would get the price uplift. So, right now, as Bill said, I did not get any, Oh my God, CJ, this is not going to work for us, where is the value. We have to always earn our right and deliver the value for our customers. But right now, it is in line with my expectations.
CJ Desai: Yes. Karl, great to hear from you. I would say fundamentally, when I look at that particular financial services institution, 100% is true that it is on our core of the core. So, from an IT service management perspective, IT operations management perspective, this is not generative AI-specific deal, but it was very much a very strategic transaction on the foundational platform for automation and digital services at this large financial services institution. It is the largest new logo win that we had there, and it is in eight-figures of net new ACV. So, that is material.
CJ Desai: Yes. So, Joel, everything that we have seen, as you saw in 2023, consistent performance in our what we call global public sector. So, let me start there. US Federal, we highlighted the strength in Q3, followed by some of the logos that Bill discussed. However, I do want to state that we are also doing really well. Our platform is for state and local governments in the United States and that growth was also very inspiring in 2023. So not only US Federal, but also US state and local. Now, let me take an example for Q4. Besides United States, we also did really well in public sector in United Kingdom. On Bill's ask and our customers' ask, I spent some time in London with our public sector customers, and they continue to also leverage ServiceNow for similar use cases that we have seen in the US Federal. And then in Q4, our Australia public sector team also did really well, and we had significant platform expansion with some of the large central governments their agencies, including generative AI. So, it is a pretty good picture. And we see in 2024, besides these nations. When I look at Canada, when I look at Germany and many others, the opportunity remains large, as Bill called it out.
CJ Desai: The trajectory, so I just want to make sure that you understand, first is that our Gen AI conversations have started with the government. One of our first logos in Q3 was with a large public sector agency, as I call it. We also had a few wins in Q4 in public sector. And as we go into 2024, across state, local and federal, across countries, we will continue to see the demand. It's early days. I would say, compared to like a financial services or manufacturing and others. But given our position of our platform and the strength we have with AI, we are definitely going to see in the second half adoption of generative AI.
CJ Desai: Yes. So, Brad, I will touch on it. Besides financial services institution, we also saw many large new customer wins in manufacturing, specifically automotive. We also saw in public sector. We got new logos with new agencies and commercial business which is a massive strength for ServiceNow continue to outperform large new logos. And in my initial commentary, I stated that Americas and Europe also had large logo, new growth. So, this is something that Paul Smith and the team focused on starting with the first quarter and continued to build throughout the year. And as I told, Keith Weiss, this is something we are really, really proud of in terms of just our ability to focus on high-quality logos that matter. And even these logos, whether it's in public sector, manufacturing, financial services or our commercial segment, it's not that we have maxed out. Even this large financial services, they just bought ITSM and ITOM. When I look at a large automotive, it was just ITSM and ITOM. So, yes, we are starting at a bigger scale, but this specific account will continue to expand for us. And one last thing I'll touch on that some of the big ones who became our customer for the first time, our teams did a beautiful job working with the customer that, hey, once you implement, say, ITSM in the next six to nine months, then they have set aside budget for IT asset management or for security or risk. So, that has been also built in as we go into 2024.
Gina Mastantuono: Hi Keith, this is Gina. Thanks so much for the question. So, yes, we're really proud of the beat on the topline as well as the bottom-line in Q4 and obviously continuing to expand those margins in 2024. Specifically, when you think about investments in R&D head count, it's all around continued innovation and our investments in Gen AI and AI. And so not surprising given the commentary that you've already heard, we're continuing to double down in investments on fingers on keyboards, engineers really driving the Gen AI revolution. So, you'll continue to see more of that. On the sales side, it's really about scale and leverage, right? And so sales and marketing head count, there's a lot in there. It's not just quota-bearing feet on the street sales, right? So, you've got marketing, you've got marketing operations, you have sales operations in there. If you actually were able to break it down to feet-on-the-street quota-bearing sales, you would see that growth rate much higher. And in fact, as I think about sales capacity going into 2024, we have a larger increase in ramped reps going into 2024 than we've had in years. So, from a capacity perspective, we feel great about how we're entering 2024.
Gina Mastantuono: Absolutely. Productivity and efficiency is going up as well as the fact that from a scale perspective, you're not growing some of the operational heads as much.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, sure. So, we beat our Q4 cRPO growth guidance by 200 basis points as you know. And I would say it's driven probably half and half by net new ACV outperformance and certainly, Gen AI is in there, but it's not all Gen AI. So, our core business is also doing well. And then we also did see higher early renewals than we had assumed in our guidance. And I would say it's about half and half of the total beat.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure, Alex, it's Gina. What I'd say is and we called this out in my script, right? At the end of the day, Gen AI products drove the largest net new ACV contribution in the first full quarter of any of our new product family releases ever, including original Pro SKU. So, I get the question often, do we the adoption curve to be steeper for our Pro Plus than our Pro. Certainly, in the first full quarter of launch, it absolutely has shown that. That being said, it's very early days. And so from a revenue contribution perspective, it's not going to be huge, but it's certainly helped when I thought about my guide for 2024 and that increase of $165 million at the midpoint, right? So Gen AI, early days, but the adoption curve so far is steeper than the original Pro. We will keep an eye on it. And as the numbers get larger, we will continue to update you and everyone else as to the penetration. But right now, excitement and interest from our customer base is much stronger than we ever saw in the first -- in early days of our Pro SKU, and we're excited by that momentum at the same time being conservative as I think about the guidance for 2024 because it's still so early.
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So, we called out the 150 basis point impact in Q1 that increases to about 200 basis points in Q2, so we expect similar levels from Q1 to Q2. I'm not going to guide out any further than that at this point. But what I'll tell you is that I increased the full year 2024 guide by $165 million. We remain as confident as ever in our guide of $15 billion plus in 2026. And Gen AI and the innovation in our -- all of our product portfolio is going to help drive that growth.
Gina Mastantuono: Thanks Peter for the question. What I'd say is that we are -- we feel great about our expansion rates at the scale that we're at as well as on new logo growth. So, CJ mentioned earlier, our new logo growth, especially in our larger customers, has been an accelerating each and every year and each and every quarter over the last several years. And so at our scale, our expansion rates remain extremely strong, and as does our net new logo growth. And so you will continue to see a nice mix of existing customers upselling with us as well as new logos joining us. And so we hit $8.7 billion in revenue going to $10.575 billion next year. At our scale, these expansion rates are best-in-class, and we remain extremely proud of them.
