Bill McDermott: Thank you very much, Phil, for your kind remarks and also for your question. Customers are absolutely focused on technology being the business strategy. And digital transformation is in full flight, and we will capitalize on that greatly. The reality on our numbers is we did not see any evidence of unusual demand pull forward into our business for 2021. It happened in an extremely linear and coherent fashion, which was really a thing of beauty to watch from an execution perspective. And as I look at the pipelines, they’re ever increasing, and they’re doing that across the platform, the employee experience, the customer experience, the creator experience. And all of this now is really making ServiceNow one of those real standard platforms for well-run companies in the 21st century. And I think that includes a very short list of others. We’re one of them. And Phil, the business just couldn’t be going better.
Bill McDermott: Raimo, excellent question. This is really a beautiful point in the scale phase that ServiceNow is in. And you might notice the substantial promotion for CJ in addition to taking on his normal great results for development and engineering. He’s now moving into the industry phase where we’re going to connect the code to the actual industry-specific solutions the specialist professionals that guide our general line sales force and our customer relationships each and every day. And that’s going to give us a real special bilateral communication with our customers to innovate at an even faster clip than we have in the past, if that’s possible. And you see what happens in telecommunications, in financial services. You see what happens in government, health care, life sciences. All the businesses that we’ve chosen to focus on from an industry perspective are really scaling and doing so very, very quickly. And here’s where the big deals have only just begun. If you look at businesses today, and there’s one retailer in particular that I referenced in the call like CBS, which is a great company, they have retail customers, but they’re also transforming into a health and wellness company, and they understand the experience that they have to give their customers is evolving into a multi-workflow environment. So on one hand, I have to keep my associates super happy because they have complex enough jobs. I have to keep my customers happy because, in some cases, they want to come to the store. In other cases, they want the store to come to them. I’m transforming my business model between all of these factors, and now I’m going for health and wellness. And someday, I’ll not only do that in store, but I can do that at the home. So you’re seeing multi-complex workflows possible on the Now Platform coming together to form greater-sized solutions that have major business impact for our customers and the value we can create with digital transformation. So the challenge I’ve got out to the company, Raimo, is the large deals will accelerate dramatically on a year-over-year basis. We are now prepared for that, and we have the best leaders in the positions in the company to deliver that, and we have an extremely inspired workforce and an extremely inspired ecosystem. So all that comes together. And as you know, I’ve seen the movie before. When it all comes together, it equals big growth.
Bill McDermott: Yes. Alex, that’s a really significant set of issues, and I’ll address them head on. First of all, every great company has a great core business. Because when you have a multibillion core business, that core business has to perform, so you get the leverage on all the adjacencies. Our core business is better than ever, and it’s growing really strong. In fact, I think it could be very close to the overall corporate growth rate as we look into the crystal ball. Then you add on employee experience. You have to remember, this employee experience and the future of work and where people are going to be working and how they’re going to be working, especially exacerbated by a talent war out there, is really a big deal. And CEOs need to retain the people they have now. They better be recruiting and onboarding in a flawless manner because the employees today expect consumer-grade user experiences in the enterprise. And if they don’t get them, they even don’t come on in the first place because they know what’s going on in these companies. The Internet tells them that. Or when they get there, they don’t stay very long because they’re not happy. So the employee experience is front and center. And then on customer service management, the reality is this is just starting because the world is really acknowledged that the customer is not going to come to you the way they used to. You’re going to have to go to them, and you’re going to have to explain to that customer that your brand gets it and you can give them an experience no matter where they’re experience in your brand that has enormous consistency, service value, and yes, even helpful hands in terms of smart transactions through an AI platform like ServiceNow. And then you take the creative workflow. Look, 500 million applications between now and the end of 2023 is more applications that have been built in the last 40 years. So there’s no choice. It’s going to be low code, no code, and the ServiceNow platform is beautifully positioned. Now let me extend to your question on industry and low code. That is absolutely a very astute observation because if you take the low-code revolution and you combine it with industry, we’re now solving business problems that have been out there for a long time. We featured the Celonis partnership where they could do the X-ray and the non-ServiceNow installed environments. We can activate all the changes that are necessary to augment the business process on the now action layer. And of course, here’s the big thing, all those systems out there have been mass customized. But with ServiceNow, you can carry forward all your customizations with the creative workflow. You don’t need a team of consultants in a truck coming over there for years and years projects and billions and billions. This is speed to market. This is low-cost rollout of big ideas and business model innovations and better service for the employee and the customer. So it all comes together. And the reason I’m so excited about what we’re doing with the executive team here is we’re all lined up now to take everything we know how to do and scale it across the world in every geo, in every industry and every persona. And I have to thank my partners out there. I mean they’re knocking down the door to get a bigger piece of the ServiceNow franchise. So it’s all of those things coming together, Alex. Now on M&A, I want to be really super clear about this. We have no targets on the Board for M&A. And the reason for that it is on an organic growth basis. You see the numbers as much as I see the numbers. The cloud economics are in full flight. And we have engineers that love this company, and they love coming to work every day, whether they’re working out of their home or our office, we’re all open. And they come in and they create new things and they have an idea that they can take and they have a dream that they can build. When I listen to other engineers and other software companies that want to come over here tell me they spend 90% of their time integrating the past as opposed to innovating the future, it just reminds me of how thoughtful we have to be on M&A. So as Gina said, we have $5 billion in cash. That’s going to continue to grow exponentially you know that. We’re fueling our organic growth ambitions. We can be opportunistic. But in this guide and this current state of affairs, there is no intent to do any large-scale M&A. And if that were to change, I would be the first to tell you.
Bill McDermott: Well, first of all, I want to tip my cap to our regional presidents because they know I love – and I love all of them. We have great leadership with Mitch in APJ, great leadership with Mike in the Americas and now Ulrik coming on in EMEA. I know them all personally. I admire them deeply, and I really appreciate what they’re doing for ServiceNow. And they’re all playing critical roles in our future. Mike as an example has done an extraordinary job here for a very, very long period of time. And 65% of the number resides in his past. So he knows what we think of him. And I've always told our leaders that this is a significant company, and each piece of this puzzle needs to be managed with incredible care, and these are the leaders that will do that. Now Paul Smith brings a very unique style and know-how, especially around the expansion of the C-level relationships where he has proven himself in an exemplar fashion for the 18 months that he has been here. And as you know, we had a great track record before we got here. And he understands all the concepts that I put out on this call today because he's been through them and we're activating them together and we know exactly what we are doing. And the other thing is with CJ and the closeness that CJ and Kevin have had all these years, that continues. Kevin is still with me. And CJ is right with me. And Paul is right with me. So we're all putting this together, and we're going to activate it in every region and every industry and across every persona. And what I'm so inspired by is these executives. I respect them with my whole heart, and they're doing a fabulous job, and they want ServiceNow to be defining enterprise software company in the 21st century. And they all want it as badly as I do, which is why I know it's going to happen.
Bill McDermott: Well, I really appreciate the question. Thank you so much for your kind remarks. I really do, Kash. Thanks a lot. ServiceNow has a unique ability to drive more efficiency and automate these processes and is absolutely a deflationary tool that helps alleviate the need for more hiring. Many companies think the only way to solve a problem is throw more bodies at it while we have no quarrel with increasing jobs. If there's a limited pool of digital assets, that's a problem. And that's why you need ServiceNow. So driving the productivity and efficiency out of the resources enterprises already have, helping them reduce the need for additional spend is our lead play in the playbook for the scenarios you laid out there. And one simple example, take virtual agents deflecting and automating tickets so that the IT help desk personnel can spend their time tackling more strategic issues, giving them more satisfaction with their job and creating a happier work environment. And this also reduces the need to hire more people in the first place. But then really smart CEOs are literally struggling every day now how I keep my people. And the only way to keep them is to give them a great experience. And they're going to feel you right out of the gates. If you recruited them and you can't onboard them properly, they're going to feel you if you can't train them and activate a customized training curriculum that's targeted specifically to their unique skills and attributes. And they're going to feel you real quick if they can't go to one portal to activate all of their services on their mobile device. So no matter where they are, their company's brand, their company's culture is talking to them. And then when you do need to manage these cases with people. My goodness, legal could be involved Finance could be involved. HR could be involved. COOs and CEOs could be involved. And most companies have literally thousands of cases that are in flight at any one time. Only ServiceNow, only ServiceNow can manage the multidisciplinary workflows that go across an organization in many different circular forms to close out a case properly. That's what we do, Kash. So I lean into the inflation conversation, the labor conversation with more and more activated now and straighting out supply chain dilemmas. We have one manufacturer in the auto industry that has us as the control tower for their entire supply chain now. A few years ago, nobody would even know that. We are solving ERP cases left, right and center with ServiceNow as the action platform. So I think the idea of this productivity, and I mentioned it in my discussion earlier, really manifests itself in our new impact product. We took a service, productized it in software where we can look at the entire value chain on the Now Platform, the entire value chain from the presale to the sale and the post-sale, all the activities that have taken place in the deployment in relation to the value that's being delivered in real-time with hard dollars and cents and an absolute measurement that the customer can look at on their iPhone, that the partner participates in the conversation. Incidentally, we're not using any other technology with the Now Platform and that ServiceNow can use. So now just think about the gorgeousness of that conversation where, as we deploy, we can show the business outcome. And the partner and ServiceNow and the customer are all on the same sheet of music on the Now Platform with ServiceNow Impact. Kash, it's amazing. We have 17 customers in the pilot join up on the Impact platform before we even launched it. We're now GA on it, and we're launching it with all of our employees globally tomorrow in every geography. This is going to create a renaissance of value delivery in the enterprise, the likes of which has never been seen before.
Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much for the question, Keith. As I mentioned earlier, we are one of these significant partners to the global SIs. So if you look at the top five technology partners for the top 10 SIs, we're one of them. So while they may have some difficulty hiring to meet demand, we are getting preferential resource allocation, not only as a top five technology partner, but also because our swelling pipeline and our growth is so amazing that they all want more of that real estate. And where they have less interesting growth scenarios with other partners, they're actually peeling off headcount in favor of the ServiceNow practice. This is happening all the place. In addition, one of the things we have done is we took matters into our own hands and built out academies. And we're doing more for university programs to meet the demand, the ServiceNow train talent. And I'd note that we've also been working with our partners to sponsor and engage with local diversity profit and nonprofits to target diverse populations for next-gen skill development, which will help alleviate such labor shortages in the future. We have to initiate people into the digital world that perhaps aren't initiated but it’s certainly more than capable. And I always go back to the root cause of why ServiceNow is so special. When Fred Luddy created this company, he created a platform that was a sensation, and it was designed to give people productivity, a tool to enable them to do things with their lives and their jobs that they could have never done without it. And I think that level of simplicity and agility in the general construct of the platform makes it so much easier for people to learn and develop and grow on it. And now they see where we're going. They know it's a growth sensation. And you know how it is, rising tide kind of lift all boats, and everybody wants to get on this one.
Bill McDermott: Yes. Of course. Well, Michael, thank you very much. First of all, we are very excited about Ben, his leadership and the whole Lightstep team. As you know, they have been doing a great job winning amazing forward-thinking brands, and they have been doing a phenomenal job culturally integrating back into ServiceNow. So we are going to begin going to market with Lightstep, and that's going to be at mass scale, and that will be announced at the employee kickoff tomorrow. So that's exciting. And the work with Lightstep to not only serve the needs of IT but to observe things in a way that can be consumed across the value chain of decision-makers in an enterprise is pretty big. And then RPA, this whole process mining, RPA and AI, the platform for hyper automation is the ServiceNow platform. That's a huge point. And CJ and his great team, unbelievable team, they are making a major release in RPA, as you know, in our San Diego release. So more and more customers will benefit from the power of the ServiceNow platform, including RPA built into the San Diego release. It's an exciting release. What Amy Lokey and the team have done also on the user experience. I mean, we sort of demonstration of it with the Board. It's unbelievable. You know when you're dealing with ServiceNow because you're going to have one gorgeous user experience, and it doesn't matter what area of the platform you're looking to enable. It's all one gorgeous user experience. And I mean, I've never seen anything better. And it is the scale story all the way. And when we hit Tokyo in September, I hope to be in Tokyo with that announcement because I want to reach out to my great friends in Japan as a Japanese expression called dantotsu, and that underscores the spirit of ServiceNow to be better than the best. And that's the standard that we hold ourselves to. And the marketplace in Japan is really getting the memo on the power of ServiceNow and what we can do to liberate them into the cloud, and that’s going to be an exciting part of our growth story.
Bill McDermott: Thank you for the question. It is entirely different. It is entirely different because the technology that is available to customers today can be so transformative. And I believe strongly that the Now Platform from ServiceNow is literally the control tower, the platform for digital transformation or digital business. And the reason I feel so strongly about that is the enterprise has been so behind in consumerizing experiences for people. And now with ServiceNow, these leaders of companies can finally say, all I hear is good news. My HR leader tells me that all the clunkiness of the past goes away with ServiceNow, and my people are happy, and they’re getting what they need. My Head of Revenue is telling me, wow, we could finally now do all the remote heavy thinking and diagnostics in a fully digital way, and we can bring our story to the customer and have that frictionless digital experience that’s easily repeatable drives tremendous customer SAT and NPS and creates the loyalty effect. Wow, we’re finally there. And then we can finally break through where companies are trying to refresh old applications. They can say, wow, now I can empower my people. They can build the new innovations. They can refresh the old but build the new innovations. And tech is the idea of liberating, not replacing people and creating more economic value and value-add. Plus every own person today doesn’t want to work for just a paycheck. They want to purpose. And I think our purpose to make work better for everyone is absolutely the right way to go. And I think that the leaders of companies want that for their company. And therefore, I think the confluence of all of this on one platform with one consumer-grade user experience for all people, whether they’re inside or outside the company, a platform that could take cost out and build revenue in is what this generation is waiting for. And once people are aware of ServiceNow, we win every time. So one of the moves that we’ve made, and I’m sure you’ve seen the pivot with the world works with ServiceNow, is bringing the world the brand that it deserves from ServiceNow. And I think that’s going to really turn on a lot of people to say, aha, I might have been a C-level decision maker that knew my IT people were happy with ServiceNow. I just never knew why. Once I started to learn about it or asked about it, now I know that they can activate transformation in all dimensions of my company, not the least of which is be the action layer for the whole enterprise. And I keep telling people when I meet with the CEOs, like we have good systems of record. They’re all very fine. But I don’t use them. We only use ServiceNow to run ServiceNow. And that’s why our people are so happy because everything works.
Bill McDermott: Yes, I absolutely will. And thank you very much for your kind remarks, and we appreciate it. I want to go back a little bit in time on this one. There once was a time where these gentlemen graduated from Technical University of Munich. We call it TUM over in Germany. And I got to know Alex very well several years ago and also his co-founders, and we built a very strong friendship. And he used to laugh because he sent me a note in December telling me about his business. And within a few minutes, I’d get back to him, and he never forgot that. And I still get back to him within a few minutes, and we still have a great friendship. And we know that we have delivery the past and move it into the cloud. We know we need to put it on an automation platform that can really change business. And therefore, in the non-ServiceNow environments, especially where it’s an ERP environment, Celonis does a very good job in the process mining to actually understand where the breaks are and the opportunities are in the business process to drive business productivity and performance. It is on that basis that we said, look, we should team up because our customers more and more are asking us to get involved, automating back-office business operations and business processes with the Now Platform. So we are essentially taking this relationship and applying automation that truly move the needle for organizations to understand how workflows across the people, processes and systems of their companies. And we’re helping map those elements in real time and building digital workflows to more efficiently automate work because the X-ray by itself doesn’t really help. We have to then put it on the action platform to actually automate it to drive a result. So our engineering teams have created a seamless product experience that’s going to make it easy and simple for customers to get the insight into the process across multiple, I might add, enterprise systems, and they’ll use Celonis EMS platform and convert that insight into action, automation and remediation with the ServiceNow workflow platform. And when you bring together process mining, automation, machine learning, RPA and low-code app development, and this touches on a question that came up earlier, low-code app development into a seamless product experience, customers will enable quick, continuous improvement with the flow of work. And I stress quick because – and this touches on an earlier, very smart question. These opportunities haven’t been there for customers in the past, and they’re only going to start learning about them now, which is why I see an even bigger hockey stick as we look into the future because we can revolutionize old installed base problems into new market opportunities in the cloud that are just sensational in terms of the business value they drive for corporations all over the world.
Bill McDermott: Yes, I’d be happy to. Our government business is truly a growth story at ServiceNow that is very, very special. So we look at the tailwinds in the U.S. federal market. It came through very strongly. It’s a big opportunity for us. What’s happening through is many of these agencies, they need or they have a mandate actually to digitally transform. One of the mandates is the President’s management agenda of PMA. Their vision is the administration’s guide to invest in the government’s capacity to deliver better results. And it’s aligning with ServiceNow’s core offering. So for example, if you look at the pillars, it’s all about strengthening and empowering federal workflow in the workforce. It’s sharing data, sharing business processes, looking at things across boundaries. They have delivered excellent equitable and secure federal services and customer experiences. This is driving acceleration for better customer service. If you look at their pillar three, it’s managing the business of government and that they want to make sure the systems work well. So this is all about business resiliency. Our cloud is extremely resilient. And they’re focused also on cybersecurity. And I think you’re familiar with that and the role that we could play in having a control tower for all the things going on from a security perspective. We can help other people’s solutions also tie into that control tower effect to manage the nation’s cybersecurity and obviously avoid recent ransomware attacks and other things. They’re also focused on vaccine management. And we said a long time ago, I believe this was in March of 2020 when we said this that the old vaccine management process would be the greatest workflow challenge that government faces maybe in our lifetime. And as you know, we have the world’s leading solution for that with entire countries. Of course, part of the United States, Germany, Scotland, many countries, including in Asia running on the Now Platform for vaccine management and returning to work safely and so forth. So all of this, to net it out, basically says that at the federal, the state, the local, the university and all public entities combined are focused on transforming digitally. They have to take these paper-based slow dangerous processes and put them in order. And the only way to do that is work home, digitize them and then execute the mission of government serving the people. And that’s why the public sector now represents double digits of the Now business, about 10% of our business. And look, with the problems the government has in digitizing things, this should be one of the more sensational industry stories for us for a long, long time, which is one of the reasons why the great Kevin Haverty and I will be working very, very closely on the public sector initiative globally in his new capacity.
Gina Mastantuono: And then, Phil, on your question with respect to ramp rep, you’re absolutely right, we did not pause at all on our headcount growth in Q4. We’re entering 2022 with more ramped sales reps than we entered 2021, and we feel really good about pipeline and the demand that we see in front of us. So we are absolutely not stopping our investment in go-to-market resources. We are planning for a very strong 2022.
Gina Mastantuono: And then, Keith, on your question with respect to labor inflation rates. Enterprise software's talent has been in high demand for some time now. So competitive compensation has been on the rise, and it's not new for us. We continue to monitor it. We definitely anticipate some continued pressure in the coming quarters, but we remain very committed to our margin guidance that we've given you for 2022 and beyond.
Gina Mastantuono: Great question, Michael. So you’re absolutely right, the benefit that you’re seeing this year hit EBIT and operating margins, but not free cash flow, right, because it’s just a change in depreciation, which is a non-cash, right? So that’s the reason why you’re seeing the benefit in operating income, but not in free cash flow. What you are seeing is free cash flow is the increased cost that I’ve been talking about as the COVID savings start to fade in 2022 as we come back in person for digital events and in-person events and travel. With respect to the longer tail of this change in depreciation, it definitely tapers off and gets smaller, right? So it’s a 100 basis point benefit this year by 2024. It goes down to just 50 points, right? So – and that’s only on the EBIT margins, not on free cash flow.
