Michael P. Scarpelli: Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us. On the call with me today is Frank Slootman, our Chief Executive Officer. Our press release and a simultaneous broadcast of this call can be accessed at our website at investors.servicenow.com. We may make forward-looking statements on this conference call such as those using the words may, will, expects, believes or similar phrases to convey that information is not historical fact. These statements are subject to risks, uncertainties and assumptions. Please refer to the press release and risk factors and documents filed with the Securities and Exchange Commission, including our most recent annual report on Form 10-K, for information on risks and uncertainties that may cause actual results to differ materially from those set forth in such statements. I would now like to turn the call over to Frank.
Michael P. Scarpelli: No, Neebula is really an immaterial acquisition from a revenue perspective in 2014, including billings.
Michael P. Scarpelli: But we'll reiterate again, that is not a metric that we manage the business on because we still have a lot of legacy contracts where there's upsells, where they buy under our old licensing model. So that doesn't accurately capture all of that business.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I'd also like to correct, when I was giving the full year guidance, the correct number is $668 million to $673 million. I believe I got that wrong.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes. What I would add is that what the HR case management does for us now, it gives our sales people an opportunity when a customer isn't ready to do an ITSM switch, it's another sales front into those organizations to get our beachhead at HR case management, and we're seeing more and more of that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: What I would add, Rob, is the company was a mix of perpetual and subscription licenses. In fact, when you normalize that to be subscription, they're doing less than $1 million a quarter. And in purchase accounting, we lose a lot of that, and we're not expecting with new deals being signed that's going to be that meaningful for the balance of this year.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Yes. So last quarter, we closed 5 deals, north of $1 million. We now -- with the upsells that we have in the quarter as well to the customers, we now have 91 customers that are paying us north of $1 million a year, up from 80 the prior quarter. In terms of looking at our pipeline, we have a lot of big deals in the pipeline. But big deals tend to be lumpy. We had a number of big deals that pushed from the quarter into this quarter right now. We expect that, and that will continue to happen. But it's -- the nice thing about our model is we're not dependent on any big deals to make our number, and you can see with our guidance increase how comfortable we are with the opportunity we see in front of us.
Michael P. Scarpelli: What I was going to say is -- what I will say is, we had record number of deals in that $500,000 to $1 million bucket this past quarter.
Michael P. Scarpelli: So we now are at 64% of our hiring target for our sales and marketing organization, and as we've said before, we typically front-end load that. But we're going to continue at -- we're going to add roughly another 170 to 180 in the second half of this year, so slightly below where we're at right now.
Michael P. Scarpelli: They were good. We had 2 deals in Q1 that were north -- they were $4 million-plus annual deals. This past quarter, the biggest deal we did, I think was $1.8 million in the quarter. So as I said, we had 5 deals. But what I will say is the upsells, we did a number of -- 3 of those big deals were upsells, but we also had a number of upsells to customers kind of in that $500,000 to $1 million range. And we also sought 2 big deals in APJ, which were north of $1 million, which we're very pleased with the execution in that region. Remember, we opened up a lot of new countries in APJ in 2013, and we're starting to see the impact of that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: We will be giving billings guidance, and the deferred revenues is falling out from the billings and the revenue guidance, and we feel comfortable with that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: I would say it was broad-based across the world. And what I would say, too, is that it's really still very much a direct sales model. We don't rely on a channel that heavily for sales. We do rely heavily on partners for implementation services. I did point out that APJ, we're very pleased with our results there with some very big deals, but it's really across the board. And you'd expect our new logo count to go up given the number of ramp reps we're moving into right now. So there was no surprise there on our front. And by the way, new customers exclude business addition of customers.
Michael P. Scarpelli: On Business Edition today, paying customers, we have 14 accounts in the last few quarters that we signed up. And we do have some other customers as well, too, but as Frank said, we're still learning a lot from those customers on what we need to do before we really do a big push with this.
Michael P. Scarpelli: The one thing I need to add [ph] is we are completely reimplementing that on top of our platform, which is going to take us some time to do as well, and you'll see a really big push on that.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Well, federal vertical was not unusually strong this quarter. I do expect next quarter will be strong, and we don't give specific billings guidance around different segments of our business. But I do expect Q3, as you'd expect, will be a good federal quarter for us.
Michael P. Scarpelli: And I would add that Discovery and Orchestration were about 7.4% of our net new ACV in the quarter, up from the prior quarter and up from the prior quarter before that with Orchestration growing the fastest of those 2.
Michael P. Scarpelli: Thank you. As a reminder, a replay of this call will be available as a webcast in the Investors section of our website as well as through the dial-in instructions contained in today's earnings release. Thank you for joining us today.
Frank Slootman: Thanks, Mike. Good afternoon, and thank you for joining us on today's call. We are very pleased with our performance during the quarter. Revenues grew 63% year-on-year to $167 million, and billings grew 59% year-on-year to $187 million. This quarter was marked by strong demand from the customer base, with renewals at 98% and upsells at 33% of annual contract values signed in the quarter as well as strong new account contributions. Our installed base is now 2,364 accounts with 455 Global 2000 customers. Some of the Global 2000 accounts added in the quarter include Eni, an integrated energy company; HGST, a Western Digital company; QBE Insurance Group, one of the world's largest insurance and reinsurance companies; Avago Technologies, a leading semiconductor company; and CONSOL Energy, a producer of natural gas and coal. Our strategy to enable the service-oriented enterprise continues to gain traction with customers and prospects. We're seeing good momentum [ph] of our platform in service domains outside of enterprise IT. Our HR service automation application has seen good uptick since we released the product last year, totaling 23 transactions in the second quarter alone. One of these was an upsell to a North American insurance fund. Their lack of a centralized HR service model inundated the group with questions and requests by phone and email. Advocated by the IT team, ServiceNow was selected to implement HR case and knowledge management for their 5,000 employees. Another case in point, a Global 2000 insurance company chose ServiceNow to provide their 25,000 users with a modern HR case management solution. This deployment was driven by a broader initiative to improve business process efficiency such as reducing the thousands of inbound calls to Human Resources. The IT team at this company advocated the use of ServiceNow and drove the first platform demonstration and assisted in the campaign from start to finish. In other service areas, a global rental car company built a custom application on ServiceNow that allows the IT team to align and prioritize business demands with required resources, budgets and overall strategy. The IT team is now working with our finance counterparts to automate and track their supplier interactions with a modern and consumer-like service experience using ServiceNow to manage things like invoice and order issues. A recent CIO survey by Morgan Stanley further illustrates our platform momentum as approximately 30% of the CIOs polled plan to use ServiceNow as a platform by the end of 2015, a nearly 50% increase from their previous survey in January 2014. A few things propel our business more than customer success and community. Our Knowledge conference this year in San Francisco broke all records, with more than 6,500 attendees, including more than 100 CIOs from global enterprises. It is a true industry event with more than 90% of the content delivered by customers and partners. Earlier this month, we acquired Neebula Systems for approximately $100 million in an all-cash transaction. Neebula's flagship product, ServiceWatch, automates the discovery, mapping and monitoring of IT-enabled enterprise services. It is a fundamental transformation from component-centric management to one that puts the service portfolio front and center. This solution will become a centerpiece of our IT operations management strategy and it strengthens our position to capture more of the $19 million ITOM market. Thus far, we have received strong positive feedback from customers, partners and investors on the acquisition. And finally, we welcome 2 new members to our Board of Directors, Sue Bostrom, most recently the Chief Marketing Officer at Cisco; and Anita Sands, recently the Group Managing Director, Head of Change Leadership and a member of the Wealth Management Americas Executive Committee at UBS Financial Services. Both bring significant corporate leadership, industry and management experience to our board. With that, I want to turn the call over to Mike.
Frank Slootman: I think I described -- yes, I think the figure is 32% this quarter. So it's substantially in the same area as it was last quarter.
Frank Slootman: It's actually -- Jason, it's Frank. It has become a pretty substantial sort of pull of activity for us. We highlighted in the prepared remarks how many transactions we've done. But one of the other things we noticed is that the pipeline on HR case management is now larger than what we have around PPM, which is our Project Portfolio Management applications. So it's really sort of rocketing up the pecking order, if you will, in terms of the hot applications that are in demand out there. And it's definitely a sales motion that is becoming more predictable because of the activity, but it's also something that makes a ton of sense. We're learning a lot more about why HR organizations are interested. We know -- we learn how to talk about it. We learn the language of HR better. We're able to point to a lot more references and successes we've had. And it's another one of those areas that is just wide open. HR has lived with email and voice messaging-oriented systems to execute on the service model, and this is just an area where they can book gains in terms of service experience and efficiency really quickly. So we expect this to continue. And the same thing is going on at facilities procurement. Those are the service domains where the IT organizations typically are driving these kind of service efficiencies.
Frank Slootman: Yes. The other thing I'd tell you is that HR case management is different from IT service management. It tends to be very much focused on knowledge. HR is a very information-centric service model where employees are looking for answers to questions, whereas IT tends to be very defect-oriented. Something's broken and people need help mitigating a situation. So even though the concepts are similar, where it focuses and the type of techniques and approaches they use are actually quite different. And these are the types of things that we're learning, which is really, really helpful when we go into new accounts and we try to explain what this is going to do for them.
Frank Slootman: Rob, it's Frank. We're super excited about Neebula, not just because of Neebula as a standalone technology and what it can do, but we think it's going to really help charge the overall ITOM strategy that we have. I mean it's going to help a lot with our Discovery, with our CMDB because it's extremely value added to those technologies. So it's not just an asset and a revenue opportunity in its own right. It will help all the other products that we have in our ITOM portfolio today as well as the ones that we are going to have in the future. This is really a leapfrog. It really tries to sort of set aside what we've been doing for 30 years in this marketplace and sort of fast track to what enterprises are really looking for and is understanding what the service availability is and how to analyze this up in terms of its component parts. So it is an exciting thing. I mean, the reason that we are still projecting it is not material is we don't have any history yet with the product and it's going to take us a quarter or 2 to start developing that history. Same thing that happened last year when we acquired Mirror42. We now have some good history on that, but we're excited about it. This is a very strategic component to our approach to that part of the marketplace.
Frank Slootman: And going forward, we're not going to do any perpetual transactions with Neebula. Everything will be on a subscription basis.
Frank Slootman: This is Frank again, Rob. I think we were exceptionally strong, both within our customer base this quarter with our renewals and our upsells, both being at or near record numbers, as well as our new customer acquisition, obviously, with the scale of our sales organization and then the number of ramp reps that we have out there going up quarter-on-quarter. Those numbers are going to get pushed higher. We also had record number of acquisitions in Global 2000 accounts, which is even more meaningful to us because that represents a ton of future upsell potential. So I think we're hitting on all cylinders here. From a competition standpoint, the dynamic really hasn't changed. It's really the -- more of the same of what we have reported on historically in terms of the legacy vendors. I mean a little bit of competition coming up from the bottom. That's truly the end of it. Our win rate is exceedingly high. I mean if we have any losses, it tends to be in the context of postponements or doing nothing for the time being. So that -- the status of that is really good. I think our brand position in the marketplace continues to strengthen quarter-on-quarter here.
Frank Slootman: Actually, this quarter, with the pricing evolution that we talked about previously and that we introduced, that now is an ELA framework that we have trained our sales organization on, whereas before, that's really something that we reserved for special situations. Now really, that is just another vector that we've trained our sales organization on that they can execute on because we're getting in more and more conversations where our customers do not want to buy incremental. They want to know what is it going to cost if I just go wall-to-wall and standardize on it. I think there's definitely an inflection happening where customers are looking at us like what does this look like when we go wall-to-wall and we standardize on ServiceNow versus I'm just going to do this set of applications for this set of users and we price at ala carte. So enterprise licensing is going to become a much more dominant part of our business going forward. We've always had activity around that with some of our leading customers that were very, very far along in the implementation. But it's now something that's happening upfront in new conversations with customers because they realize that they're going all out with ServiceNow, that's the way they have to approach the pricing model. And it's much more favorable as well because it's just -- the economics look much more interesting on an ELA basis if you go wall-to-wall than it does incrementally.
Frank Slootman: Yes. That's something that we have to be pretty damn careful with because it starts to bifurcate the model that we have and how we go to market. I mean our go to market, if you may recall from prior calls, we always seek to land an IT organization, occupy that space, then use the advocacy of the IT organization to start invading adjacent service domains. That's what we do, right? So we typically don't like to sort of go off to HR on our own without first having established an IT or certainly not without having IT as a strong advocate in rolling that out. That is a very key part of our sales strategy that we don't want to do that. I mean, we sometimes violated that and it comes back to bite us because all of a sudden, IT is now at odds with us because we've established ourselves in another service organization and we're not in IT yet. So we try to avoid that. Now, is it possible that down the road we get so much critical mass in some of these other service domains that it pays us to do that? We will definitely consider that. At this point in time, that's not on the horizon.
Frank Slootman: The sales productivity was actually -- was good. It was up both sequentially as well as year-on-year. Ramp reps are increasing in productivity, which really illustrates that our growth model is working. We are successfully converting sales people to yield as they move through their ramp periods. So that continues to work and gives us the confidence to continue to add resource to the sales organization as we go forward. This has been very consistent for us historically, and it continues to be as we get bigger and bigger here.
Frank Slootman: Yes, Raimo, I'll try to set a new record next quarter. But on IT, here's a key point to remember. This is our macro observation around what's going on. IT service management and IT operations management have really stopped being separate markets, separate spaces, separate tools, separate people and skill sets. Their workflows are now cutting across operations and service management. Now we have observed that for some time because we're in the middle of that. We're integrating with operations management tools all over the place through Orchestration. We're not just managing the work. We're actually doing the work as well. We think it's exceedingly important for us that we don't view ourselves as a service management platform exclusively. I think that ITOM is something that's separate in a different marketplace. Those boundaries are disappearing, which is why you see us move aggressively in these areas. There's a ton of opportunity because the people that are on the operations management side are going to have to figure out how to bridge into the service management side, and a lot of those vendors are the same legacy people that we already compete with. So the nice part is we're pleased with the Neebula acquisition because there's always 3 things that we look for when we move into a new marketplace like the operations management side. Number one is we're looking for exceptional talent, which we believe we acquired with Neebula. We're looking for really different -- for technology that solves really difficult problems. And thirdly, we're looking for a completely different way of approaching the problem. We don't want to go in with same old, same old just in order to have it, right? We're trying to invert the market, the same thing that we've done with service management. And it's a very exciting time. The tools on the operation management side are very stale, are very old, are very expensive. Customers are very, very ready to look at new approaches. And especially, they understand as well as we do that, that service and operations management are not going to be separate markets going forward.
Frank Slootman: Yes, that's actually correct. That's heavily in planning mode within ServiceNow. Last year, you saw us introduce the Share infrastructure, which is really a content exchange, especially for customers and partners. But in order for us attract the professional software developer people that develop software for a living and have to sell it, well, we're going to have to have a monetization infrastructure as well. And we're in the midst of -- in planning on having that. We have preliminary designs on making that available by Knowledge15 next year. So we are first definitely going after the professional software developer with the ServiceNow platform, and we need to have a monetization infrastructure in order for that to be a successful strategy for us. That's great question because it's very much on our minds these days.
Frank Slootman: Yes. Knowledge15 is -- we like to sort of draw the line in the sand around our big Knowledge conferences because it's sort of like a forcing function for us to make sure that we deliver. And we did that with Knowledge14 with the Share infrastructure. A lot of our products sees the light of day around the Knowledge conference.
Frank Slootman: Yes, good question. We've been adding customers on Business Edition reasonably well. I mean, we now have quite a few customers where we have a nice population that we can learn from, from what the product is doing and what it needs. But in terms of the go-to-market model, yes, we're really trying to change things up quite a lot to make it completely unattended to get away from a lead generation model, move toward a demand generation model. It's going to -- when we're all said and done, it's going to look a lot more like our low end -- our very low-end competition that people are really aiming for the SMB marketplace. I mean you're talking about transactions that are $5,000, $10,000, $15,000 a year in size. It's different in every regard and not just in the products but the contractual model, the support model, the feature set, the product and so on. So we're getting some really good experience. We're adding customers, but it is -- we are still on a journey here. It's going to be very, very different from our go-to-market motion that you see us exhibit on the enterprise side.
Frank Slootman: Yes. This is Frank. The uptake on Eureka has been amazing by historical standards. I think the data so far shows that it has moved 3.5x as many people by this time than our previous release, which was doubling. And that's a function of how compelling the content of the Eureka release has been. So that is going really, really well.
Frank Slootman: Yes. So the Board of Directors is evolving as a function of the company going public, the VCs being fully distributed in the company and just moving into the mode of being in a completely institutionally held public enterprise. So I mean we've added -- last year, we added Charlie Giancarlo to our board. Just now, we added both Sue Bostrom and Anita Sands. These are all people that have really large company background and experience. We plan on becoming a large enterprise. So we need to have people around the table that have been there and seen it done and can really help guide us. So our VCs are still around the table, but they will not be forever. So this is just an ongoing evolution. There's nothing abrupt about it. This is something that will take place over a number of years.
Frank Slootman: Yes. This is Frank. Terrific question. What happens in most HR organizations today is that there's just a volume of inquiry coming over to transom [ph] by email and by phone and HR organization staff to try and deal with it and respond to that in some reasonable manner. The problem there is we don't know how well we're doing. We don't really know what we're working on, what the sources is of the volume of work that's driving through the organization. So while we're executing on the service model, we're really not managing it. And what happens when you put a service model in place, I mean, a number of things start to happen. You get immediate data on what it is that your organization is working on. You can break it down by geography and categories and also how well your organization is actually doing in terms of responding to the workload that is coming at the organization day in and day out and so on. Once that data becomes apparent, first of all, we can manage our workforce a lot better. We can hold people accountable for their performance. But we can also start to get proactive around why is all this work coming over to transom [ph], right, are we having a problem with our group plan health insurance, are we having a problem with our 401(k) provider, what is it that's driving our work into the HR organization. Most people proactively start knocking off the problems that are driving the volume. This is, by the way, exactly what IT organizations do as well. Then you often see the staffing levels drop dramatically because the workloads go down. That is the essence of service management. Now as I said earlier, in human resources, the workloads tend to be very information-centric. People are looking for answers to specific questions, what's the policy on this and so on. And the faster that people can get to that information without actually invoking the time of people, right, the less resources are needed to deal with those workloads. And I've seen organizations that have cut their HR staffs in half, 50% in -- and once they started, they get full visibility to the work that was flowing through the organization week in and week out. So going from not having a service model and not managing service model to actually having one and then fully incrementally improving it, the benefits are dramatic. And that's why a lot of organizations say this is a total no-brainer compared to being on voicemail and email and just chasing our tail all day long.
Frank Slootman: Well, I mean, if you take it through its logical conclusion, everybody who works in the enterprise as both a requester of services and a provider of services, right, as a provider of services, that's really what your job is. If you're working in an organization, you are a provider of services in some form or fashion. So that means that if you are a provider of services, a service model is probably in order, depending on what your deal with. You work in procurement, you deal with suppliers, you work in facilities, you work in sales, you work in marketing, wherever it is, if you're a service provider, a service model is typically not far away. You're also a requester of services. A requester of services, we all are because we need help from HR, we need help from IT, we need help from facilities. So we need to have the ability to invoke the help and the systems of these organizations, and that's also, of course, where we have the service models. So in the end, every single employee in the enterprise is both a requester and a provider of services, and they're going to be -- and depending on what hat they're wearing on that particular moment, they're going to be on a ServiceNow system absorption, whether it's facilities or HR or IT or procurement, vendor management or whatever it is. You're on one part of the service model as a requester or as a provider on the other side. So that's how we're -- it's not just white space. I mean it sort of engulfs the entire world of work, if you will, and that goes on in an institution or in an enterprise.
Frank Slootman: Well, I think, first of all, it's not that different in terms of who the usual suspects are. They're the same people that we've always contended with because they're the incumbents trying to hang on to the legacy that I've built over a long period of time. But as I said earlier, we're at an inflection now where ServiceNow is not just viewed as being usable or useful in a few areas, but it's viewed as something that needs to be standardized upon because it makes sense to do so. And also, my comments about the whole ELA structure on pricing also address that. So competitively, people are viewing us much more as an enterprise platform now than they ever had before when they really were targeting a few specific applications that they wanted to automate with ServiceNow. So that -- from a competitive dynamics standpoint, I think we're much more threatening than we've ever been. And if you tie to that our forays into ITOM, now we're invading from our service management platform those markets as well, and that obviously also deals with the same set of competitors that we have on the service management side. So this game is far from over. We're just still in early innings, and we're going to be dealing with that same cast of characters for a long time.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we do and that's been going on for years as well. I referenced in the prepared remarks the CIO survey that is done by Morgan Stanley. And they survey 150 CIOs every 6 months or so, I believe, and there's always 2 platforms that get mentioned in that survey. It's Salesforce and it's ServiceNow. And I believe in the last survey, our numbers in terms of projected use by CIOs were right out there with Salesforce. So I think we are having tons of traction in this area, and we're obviously high profile that CIOs know about is in our -- and planning to be on our platform this year or next.
Frank Slootman: Yes, the -- this is Frank. The net effect of that set of introductions has been a reduction in friction. Making changes in pricing is never easy, and we keep doing it and when we encounter friction or have opportunities to make business go easier and faster. And we strongly feel, based on the experience that we now have under our belt, that the latest change is really, really helping for various reasons to reduce the friction. So we're pleased with it. Our sales people are pleased with it. It's a lot of progress from where we were. I referenced the ELA framework is really being a second vector to really approach enterprise-wide transaction. That is helping a lot because the incremental model introduced a lot of friction for enterprise-wide deals. So it's really good steps forward, and we're pleased with where we are on pricing. It's not an easy thing, but we're converging on a really good place with it.
Frank Slootman: Yes, we're not in the mode of massively scaling and ramping business position. We're very much in a mode of discovery and improvement, where we're not yet applying a full thrust of effort behind it because we feel we're not ready to do that. When we have -- we have now a couple of dozen customers that are some -- Mike said 14 or so that are paying customers where we have a whole bunch of them that are in test mode. It is the right pool for us to do the work that we have to do to figure that out. I expect that we're going to spend a few more quarters really in this kind of a mode of adding customers incrementally. Like this before, we really are going to sort of open the floodgates. We're not at that point. We don't think we can productively apply the resources to it. So we're sort of holding our powder dry until we feel we're at that point.
Frank Slootman: I think Neebula has about 30 customers in production. I think there's probably, I think, maybe about a dozen or so might be ServiceNow customers. They were a very active partner of ServiceNow. They came to our conferences. We had an integration with Neebula already. They were able to populate our CMDB and work with our Discovery tools. But that's just the history. We think that every single customer that Neebula can appeal to ServiceNow can appeal to as well. I mean, there's 100% intersection there from an opportunity standpoint. I mean we will present and lead with Neebula every single place that we go in with ServiceNow. You can count on that.
Frank Slootman: Yes. That's actually a question that was asked earlier that I didn't address. We said in prior calls, we're very fanatical around platform, and when we do acquisitions, we look at the architecture and the implementation to make sure that we can do it and that we can do it in a reasonable time. Mirror42, the acquisition we had last year, was fully implemented over a 9-year -- 9-year, excuse me, 9-month period. We are already far along, and the planning stage is doing exactly the same thing with Neebula. It's going to move into the ServiceNow cloud. It's going to use our data model. It's going to -- from a UI standpoint, you will not be able to tell that it's not a ServiceNow application, and it will get refreshed and managed right alongside everything else inside ServiceNow. So that's a very strong commitment we have to platform strategy.
Frank Slootman: Yes, and these are application areas that are -- have exactly the same kinds of characteristics in terms of service model. And typically, they're similar to HR in the sense that historically, they haven't had anything. They just have email interactions with people that needed help or services from those areas and particularly in procurement. They really ought to view themselves as a service organization because there's a very high intensity of interaction with people that are doing the requisitioning of services. So that's why the payoff is quite compelling to go to a structured, defined service model. But HR, because it is so employee facing in terms of what it does, it's the place where people like to go first. And the HR organizations are typically quite animated and interested in service models because they view themselves more service organizations, I would argue, than a purchase organization does that deals with suppliers all day long. But we will see good uptake in all these areas. I mean the sale that we're really trying to make with CIOs is that, look, you need an enterprise service model to make sure that the organization that you have in your enterprise are behaving as service providers and that you have structured processes that allow you to report on it and see how well you're doing, are you efficient in delivering the services and so on. And that's a new thing for large enterprises and institutions in the public sector.
Frank Slootman: We haven't really seen anything of that sort where there was activity going on that we picked up and started repurposing for sale and not excluding that, that might happen at some point. One thing I will mention about CreateNow, there was quite a bit of inflection during the quarter in terms of 8 percentage of the total non-ITSM revenue because it jumped during the quarter from 6% to 14% of our revenues -- of our bookings, excuse me, of our bookings. And just remember, 18 months ago, we weren't even charging for this yet. And so this is leaps and bounds. And we were even surprised to see the numbers sort of jump as hard as it did. And it just -- we think it's an indication of just general interest in the platform-building custom applications. It's been out there a while now. Sales people are getting used to it. Customers are getting used to it. So it's becoming much more mainstream in our go-to-market motion. So that was kind of an interesting metric to have seen emerge as well.
Frank Slootman: Well, it's -- the $19 billion is a highly fragmented aggregation of subsegments and it includes mainframe. So it's sort of a nice wrapper, but there's no doubt that most vendors, including us, were not addressing the full scope of that today or will be in the future. But obviously, there is -- there are many, many billions of dollars of spend going on in that area. We get questions all the time from our customers what are we planning on doing in this area because they're very, very interested in having this kind of software be on our platform. There are many, many more segments that we are evaluating opportunities both to build, to expand or to acquire. Neebula was really a nice shot in the arm, a really good, solid asset that really helps service availability management, which we think is a centerpiece for IT operations management. But there are many others that are existing categories that are being reinvented and where opportunity is lurking. So stay tuned.
Frank Slootman: Yes, so those -- this is Frank, Phil. These products have been doing really well. They've been growing as a percentage of our business almost every quarter, and it's becoming the -- by the way, I mean we did a new customer transaction, the largest transaction we did this quarter, which included -- and that customer is now our largest Discovery and Orchestration customers literally like in an initial transaction. Usually, we sell Discovery and Orchestration downstream from the initial transaction. Shows you it's going to become more front and center to what we're doing. So how does it fit with Neebula? I mean, Orchestration -- excuse me, Discovery, really, it finds the hard and soft assets in the infrastructure and then populates a repository. And that scan is typically repeated on a weekly basis to keep it up-to-date. What it doesn't do is map those hard and soft assets to the services that it supports. That's what Neebula will do. So Neebula is highly complementary to the sale of Discovery and the CMDB. This is something that has to be -- if you don't have Neebula, that is something that has to be done manually, which is darn near impossible because it will be out of date by the time you do it. The Neebula is completely dynamic and automated, which is what makes it such a compelling add-on to our portfolio of capabilities. Very, very necessary. And we believe that every customer that is serious about managing service availability are going to need to have Neebula or something like it.
