CJ Desai: Hey, Raimo, thank you so much, this is CJ, for the question. Great to hear from you. ITSM and ITOM which we define from a solution perspective as service operation is code of our core. So, as Bill outlined that we had very strong new logo business, and new logos that matter, where we almost always plan with ITSM and ITOM, and in general, we are seeing that ITSM continues to have expansion rates, whether it's via Pro SKUs, or just recently added Pro Plus, and with ITOM and our AIOps strategy, we continue to execute on not only the product roadmap, but how our customers are leveraging those innovations from visibility all the way to health in that digital real estate.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. Thank you, Bill, and thanks for the question. So, we have one data point from the last week of September, which, I do not want to translate it to trend. However, we are having many, many conversations with some of the iconic companies, and public sector customers, around ServiceNow's generative AI offering. So when we launched in 2018 Q3 the Pro SKUs, that was a curve that followed over multiple quarters, now 20 quarters, and we know what that looks like. With Pro Plus, what I'm seeing is, it is no longer about the potential of generative AI, where they are questioning is generative AI good for us in context of ServiceNow platform, but the conversations have shifted to, hey, CJ, how long would be -- would it take for us to implement? Does our data strategy need to be aligned, and what about the security, et cetera. So the positive side of this is that we are seeing good demand, and on the cautionary side is, we will work with our customers. They are learning. Like Bill said, the four customers who leaned in and bought our products on the last day of the quarter, but as we move forward, we'll work with these customers, and as we get a couple of quarters under the belt, we will be able to tell you how this is looking versus Pro. So Pro Plus versus Pro.
CJ Desai: Bill, you said it well. Mark, the only thing, great to hear from you. The only thing I would add is the engineering collaboration is absolutely necessary, but not sufficient when it comes to go-to-market partnership and relationship we have, working with Microsoft. So, whether it's our financial services customers or healthcare or government customers, when they are trying to leverage ServiceNow, hey, where are my assets? Are my assets healthy? Are they secure? Whether they are running on-prem, or in Azure, we have the best-in class partnership with Microsoft and that is definitely being noticed by some of our largest, as well as mid-sized customers, and brand-new customers.
CJ Desai: Hey, Gregg. Thanks for the question. I'll take this question. I would say, just to summarize because we, in the Vancouver release, launched Now Assist for our four flagship product lines which is ITSM, HR, customer service, and Creator. So let's start with that, and those are all resonating whether our customers want text-to-code or text-to-workflow capabilities, or they want their employees to be more productive, or they want their IT staff or customer service agents to be more productive. So, depending on the customer, and what they solving for, all of them are resonating really well. So this was driven mainly on Pro Plus, but these were Pro customers, who also bought Pro Plus. So one example, one of the customers who did buy this on September 29th, specifically, said to me, hey, CJ, you know, we had the most successful ITSM roll-out. Now, we want to buy Pro Plus, and they're on ITSM Pro already, and we just want our employee experience to be great, versus another customer that Bill mentioned, they said, not only we want to solve for our employees, but also our end customers. So these four specific transactions were across the board, resulting in very strategic and significant wins. As we move forward, I would tell you that what is still resonating with our customers is the speed to value. This is not something where now large language models need to be fine-tuned for one customer at a time, and the way our engineering team has implemented this solution, I can tell you, Generative AI is probably one of the best, if not the best complement I have seen to ServiceNow platform, where you can use generative AI to look up something to summarize something, and then you take action via ServiceNow platform.
CJ Desai: Thanks. So, first of all, Kirk, thank you for the question. When we start, and you know, yesterday we had our Board of Directors meeting and similar question was asked, we're first prioritized on our core set of use case that cut across every single industry. We are very focused on that, we are ITSM customer service, HR, as well as our Creator offerings. As we look forward though, there are specific use cases within financial services or healthcare types of customers or even government. So, I'll give you an example. Some of our public sector customers, they asked us, hey, CJ and the team, can you provide us a solution, that can potentially run on-prem, given the nature of that agency, and our engineering team delivered that for our public sector customer. So, I would consider that as a vertical solution, that we had to create, for our public sector customers. But as we take it to the next level, post this core set of use cases across our four workflows, we will definitely be prioritizing financial services and TMT moving forward.
CJ Desai: Yeah, Alex, thanks for the question. This is CJ. First of all, you know, yes, Federal had a phenomenal quarter, and it's been talked about by both Bill and Gina, but we also saw strength in certain industries, and certain geographies across the board. We won't be able to produce these kind of results, and this kind of beat on cRPO with our strengths in other industries and other geographies. So that's what I would say at the highest level that there were a lot of other strengths, and even from a use case or a workflow perspective, Bill already outlined, that our employee workflow, which is now customers are asking us this question that we want our employee productivity to be high, and what is ServiceNow's solution because employees waste too much time swivel chairing or looking for information, so we saw significant growth there, but the growth was across the board, given from a workflow perspective as all four workflows grew very, very nicely. And Alex, you know, how much I pay attention to that. The second thing I would say on Pro and Pro Plus, what we are seeing is that customers understand ServiceNow strategy is very specific to ServiceNow use cases. And one of the things that I realized after having this Pro Plus conversations with customers on a large sample size that, generative AI or our Pro Plus SKU is a productivity multiplier. It's not a productivity enhancer. When you have a productivity multiplier, and you can articulate what kind of productivity gains they will get, that is when they say, okay, we got it. And now, let's forget what are the pricing, and other things. So, competitive dynamics wise, from a generative AI standpoint for overall this Pro Plus SKU, it is still in the context of ServiceNow. How much value will they get, how fast will they get that value, and how much they're willing to pay.
CJ Desai: Absolutely, Bill. Right on. And, Derrick, you know, one of the things with this Lighthouse program that we were solving for is, have a great technology partner, and Jensen and the team are a great technology partner. Most of the -- most of us know NVIDIA as a great GPU provider among other engineered systems. But in this specific program, what most do not know is that NVIDIA's software team is working very closely with ServiceNow's engineering team, to really innovate on generative AI, and that is a very important point as part of this Lighthouse program is the engineering collaboration between NVIDIA and ServiceNow and a software layer, which, obviously, that pushes the hardware in the right direction. And then, when these customers, we talked about the four customers, there have been many, who start using this product, as they need to get adopted, besides Accenture, there will be other partners that we are also training, enabling so that they can implement really, really fast the solutions that come out of ServiceNow. So overall, this is a holistic strategy, engineering collaboration, and as Bill said, ecosystem collaboration, so that we can deliver the value for our customers. Customers' demands are high on the value that we will deliver, and we need great set of brands, technology, and system integrators to deliver the craft.
CJ Desai: Absolutely. So, you know, I would say observability is still fundamentally a big market. It's a big market that continues to grow. We started with Lightstep, and as you are aware that they provided a great solution for tracing, and with OTL as an OpenTelemetry, they had done some phenomenal work. Then we added the metrics capability, and just end of September we finally added logging capabilities. So now we feel that we have a full-blown cloud observability solution that we can take to the enterprise market, and we will compete head-on what the types of use cases, that we need to, with whoever we need to, and that's how I look at it. So, I'm optimistic. We have a lot of work to do. Finally, the product is there, full-blown cloud observability product between metrics, traces, and logging, we are ready to go. Thank you, Matt.
Bill McDermott: Well, Kash, thank you. I think that's the reason why we've raised our guidance on top of an outstanding quarter like this because we have great confidence in the core business. All CEOs right now are either in a move to increase productivity because of the crosswinds that you referenced in the macro or take costs out. And obviously, while doing so, they also have the added challenge of new business model innovation, such as the auto industry, now dealing with the transition to EV. What's unique about ServiceNow is digital transformation can deflect so many of the cost, and hence the labor-intensive procedures that companies have to deal with to properly serve their market. On top of that, you have one-third of the productivity of knowledge workers getting torn apart by swivel chairing between on average 13 individual applications a day. Now you add the productivity tailwind of generative AI on this once-in-a-generation ServiceNow platform, and you have achieved a very important business transformation. And I think right now, CEOs are focused on business transformation, and when you can give them one common UX that is consumer-grade, that integrates with a half-a-century-old legacy mess that they have to contend with, and we can get the actions that they need done, done, done to achieve cost-out productivity and growth on, they're all about ServiceNow now, and that's why you're seeing these results, and they are sustainable.
Bill McDermott: Well I can -- I can tell you that we, first of all, I appreciate your question, Keith. You know how well we have done with the Pro version of the platform and there's still plenty of room to expand on that, but the demand that we've seen so far for Pro Plus, and the transformational nature of what customers are now able to do on the Now Platform has led to the single best type that we have seen at ServiceNow. I'll let CJ give you some color on individual customers and some of the actual stories that, I think, you'll find illuminating.
Bill McDermott: And Keith, one thing to keep in mind is Pro is the necessary stepping stone to Pro Plus. So, from a shareholder value creation standpoint, it's plus-plus.
Bill McDermott: Yes. John, I'll start off and then let Gina give you some of her color as well. But our federal business, as I said, had the biggest quarter in ServiceNow's history with 75% year-over-year growth in NNACV, and we had 19 deals that were more than 1 million, including three over 10 million with the US Air Force as the third biggest deal in the history of ServiceNow. And what we're seeing is across all areas, federal agencies are really looking to consolidate contracts, point solutions, the messy middle, and they really want to standardize on a platform with a core set of products that they can grow with. And our GenAI offerings, for example, are really reinforcing our ability to help accelerate their transformation journey, and they're seeing really tremendous opportunity in GenAI on our platform. And we're already seeing early adopters show an interest in domain-specific models, which offer better security, as CJ said, and we're working with some agencies that I can tell care a lot about security. So I think it's really a tribute to ServiceNow's engineering and the way ServiceNow runs our cloud and the manner in which we care for our customers at a deep technical level and they know that they can count on that. And every agency where we've done business is highly referenceable and they're telling our story to other agencies for us. It's really a beautiful force multiplying situation. But I want to leave you with one thought. We're only getting started. With federal, with state, with local, the business transformation that's going to go on in the next decade across all of those categories will play beautifully into our growth agenda, and we'll continue to service it with 100% customer satisfaction. We are fired up with what we're able to do to transform government and make it run like a best run business.
Bill McDermott: Yeah. I'll start off, and then please, CJ, feel free to add your opinion on this as well, but our partnership with Microsoft is really geared to open additional addressable market for ServiceNow. And we're doing that by creating and expanding co-sell motion with Microsoft's enterprise sales teams. So that would talk to one-two punch, and ServiceNow is really helping streamline their migrations to Azure, while Azure exposes us to a much wider spectrum of customers. So we saw the partnership influence deals across geos in Q3, including government wins in Americas, and APAC as real driving forces between both Microsoft and ServiceNow. And we really are confident that the partnership, and the synergy with Microsoft does enable us to bring value to more customers, and do so at an unprecedented speed, and I do want to say, that we've been friends, with Satya and myself on a personal level for a long time, and we've done a lot of business together, and the friendship that exists with CJ and the engineering team at Microsoft is very rock-solid, and we trust each other, and we see that our mutual interest is better by working together, but also, we're doing it in the name of the customer. And I think that's the big thing. And I just want to complement CJ and our engineering team, not just for the 5,00 new innovations they brought to the platform this year, that would have been enough, but also for the hands-on relationship with great partners like Microsoft because you got to remember, everything we have has been integrated into Microsoft, from Office 365, to Dynamics, to Teams, to Azure, to AIOps, it's pretty -- pretty amazing when you think about the engineering work and talent that went into putting this together. So this isn't just by let's go to market and two is better than one. This is deep technical integration to serve customers at an unprecedented level.
Bill McDermott: And, Alex, if I may build on what CJ said, I can give you some additional color, if you like. One thing that might be of interest to you is in Americas, the number of $5 million plus deals actually more than quadrupled year-over-year, and the number of $10 million plus deal doubled year-over-year, and I think as CJ laid out beautifully, technology and employee workflows were enormously successful. And in EMEA, our 1 million plus deals grew 70% year-over-year now, which means that the platform and multiple components of the solutions that our great engineering team builds is resonating, and we're seeing particular uplift now in government and manufacturing. And one interesting fact. We have these world forums coming up in London, Paris, Frankfurt, and Rotterdam, and we have 1 billion plus pipeline that's registered for those events. So, we feel good about that. And APJ, when you think about it, 1 million plus deals increased 40% year-over-year, and Japan is continuing to impress us with the unprecedented opportunity of the world's third-largest economy as Germany is as well. So, we're seeing lots of real growth opportunities on the global stage, and I think Gina pointed that out earlier as well.
Bill McDermott: Yeah, Samad, the CEOs all have Boards of Directors, and they don't want to show up without a GenAI plan. So, this is a CEO-level decision, and I think that is why we meet with so many CEOs and the C-Suite is now completely embedded in the ServiceNow go-to-market plan, and it's working beautifully. What they are doing is as follows. According to IDC, the IT budget this year would have been about 3.5% spend, and next year, it's expected to go to, instead of incrementally increasing 3.5%, which is your typical year, it's expected, according to IDC, to incrementally go up 7%, and that's the IT budget itself. What I believe is going to happen, and based upon the CEO discussion that I'm having, and also based on my own way of thinking, I would very much like to take the position of looking at the world through the customers' eyes, and on them, 7% may or may not get it done. I might look to G&A functions to further fuel this generative AI revolution because this is really about business transformation, and truly transforming the way you run your company, and it's not a nice-to-have IT project. I do think that is one of the -- interesting question you have because, I think it's one of the reasons why I have said repeatedly the IT strategy has become the business strategy because digital transformation is an end-to-end imperative now generative AI across platforms that matter, and is only a few and we are one of them is really to me, going to get a very nice tailwind investment in 2024 regardless of the macro.
Gina Mastantuono: So, thanks. Tyler, thanks so much for the question. So yes, we're very excited. Q3 results were just phenomenal across the board, and the beat on constant-currency cRPO was two things, specifically strong net new ACV growth, and that was primarily driven, but not entirely, primarily, not entirely driven by very strong federal business, which was just fantastic and great business for us. We also did have better federal early renewals. If you remember, we've been really prudent in how we've been forecasting early renewals, given the current macroenvironment. And so the beat this quarter was two-pronged right. So strong net new ACV growth as well as strong early renewals. To your question on the impact of Q4 cRPO and the one point headwind, how Federal agencies usually contract is one year out, right. So their contracts are only 12 months in duration. So it doesn't have a negative impact on Q3, right, because at the end of Q3, you have it in their peripheral year. But at the end of Q4, with one quarter of those contracts roll-off cRPO, it means that there is a headwind to Q4 and because Q4, sorry, because Federal was so strong, and the mix of federal in Q3 was stronger than we've ever seen before, there is that headwind into Q4. But again, as you think about the underlying business, extremely strong results, in fact, Federal business has a strong renewal rate at 99%. So as you think about the underlying health of the business going into '24, it remains very strong.
Gina Mastantuono: The only thing, I would add, and Bill, fantastic answer. The only thing, I would add, John, is that, this is durable demand. The Federal agency's digitization agenda is only growing, and the success that we've had at Federal, we absolutely have the ability to replicate that outside of the US and public sector around the world.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah, it's a great question, Karl. Actually quarter-over quarter, year-over-year on-prem has remained consistent. So that hasn't been an impact and so the strength in our revenue in the quarter was the result of extremely fantastic execution by the team.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah. Brad, listen, this is a tale of continued execution. We've been very focused on adding heads and investing in our R&D resources, and our quota-bearing sales. And so, you will continue to see us invest in those critical areas for us, and that's been something that we've been doing for quarters now. And so, we'll continue to add the quota-bearing sales, the direct sales folks, as we enter into '24. You could expect to see similar levels of growth as we enter the following year. So feel really good about where we've been investing in those same areas that we've been talking about. Quota-bearing direct sales heads as well as critical key engineering as we think about the great innovation that comes from our R&D and engineering teams across the world.
Gina Mastantuono: Yeah, you know, Michael, thanks for the question. We don't provide formal fiscal year guidance until next quarter. That said, given our increase in revenue this year, we remain ever confident in the goal that we put forth back in May at Analyst Day for 2024 as well as 2026. The strength of our underlying business does provide solid momentum, and the potential for upside heading into '24, but as you said, Q4 is a big quarter for us. We expect great things, but it has a significant impact on next year. So, we'll wait for the formal guide, but feel very, very confident in the numbers that we laid out for you back in May, and stay tuned as we head into '24.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure. Yeah, Samad, great question. As you recall, at Analyst Day, we actually showed a lot of live demos of the work that we were doing around generative AI. We talked also about the fact that we're not jumping on this AI bandwagon, but we've been investing in AI for years and years and generative AI was part of that. So as you think about our roadmap and our plan, GenAI was part of that. Now, that being said, the interest, and the understanding, and the excitement about GenAI today versus back in May is extremely exciting to us. And so, if your question is, is there potential upside as a result of GenAI, absolutely, but one quarter does not a trend make. So we will absolutely continue to keep you posted on the adoption rate of our GenAI SKUs, but we are extremely excited about the pipeline build that we've seen already, and it's just been out for a very short amount of time. And yeah, so more to come on where GenAI goes for us, but rest assured, ServiceNow is going to be a winner in the GenAI space, and we're extremely excited about pipeline build, and where we are today.
