William McDermott: Thank you very much for the question, Kash. As I said, process optimization is the single biggest GenAI use case in the enterprise. And any process that exists in the enterprise today will be reengineered or engineered depending on how messy the process is with GenAI. So every workflow in every enterprise will be rethought. So just think about the sales process, for example, and the whole order to cash process, for example, or think about employees and onboarding and training them and providing all the services to them. Think about agent productivity, which is something that we're obviously moving very quickly on where you can bypass the systems that don't integrate very well. And instead of swivel sharing around or putting customers on hold or I'll get back to you tomorrow, have real-time data where most of the cases are deflected from virtual agent. But if an agent is involved, they have choice A or B, which one is more pleasing to the customer.  Okay, you like B, you got B. And the case is closed. Think about managing complex cases across an enterprise where all those screens are open and data is being processed instead of having spreadsheets and workarounds and e-mails and text. Now you have everything done on one platform with full case information and case closure. So literally, from running a business in every department to building software, like I said, with the breakthrough on natural language tech turning into code. Every single enterprise will run completely differently because of GenAI and because of our clean sheet platform. 
William McDermott: And I would just build on that, Karl, just for your benefit on the budgets themselves. The budgets are going up. And what I definitely see is the preference for GenAI now. I think we're ending one era in the enterprise, and we've begun another. And we're into a new frontier now where GenAI has opened up the eyes of the customer to say, there might be a different way of doing this. And that's creating real opportunity for us.  So CJ has it exactly right on the value-based economy, but also I do see the budgets not only going up in IT, but also just see GenAI becoming more of a business imperative. And if you can increase productivity, take cost out and show that in a value case this money that will be spent and maybe different people approving it, but the money will be spent.  I also want to acknowledge some really great partnerships that we've achieved with Microsoft and IBM and NVIDIA. And I look at great companies like Novartis really rethinking the whole pharma process altogether with GenAI. There's just so much goodness going on in this market. And I feel that you're coming off a strong Q4 to have a great print like this in Q1 with the momentum going into knowledge. I don't think I've ever felt this good in the 5 years that I've been here than I do right now on this call with you right now, absolutely the best I've felt. 
William McDermott: And one thing just to share with you, Keith (sic) [ Sanjit ], we have 20 -- 20 GenAI cases on the Now on Now story within ServiceNow. And our Chief Information Officer, Chris Bedi, put a very interesting LinkedIn post out there. Please take a look at it. Not only is he doing a great job. But if you think about ServiceNow, we have a financial system in ServiceNow. It's a system of record. We have one of them. Unlike many customers out there that have hundreds, we have a CRM system. We have one of them. And we have an HR system. We have one of them. But they are feeding the ServiceNow platform.  So all the data from those systems of record in terms of how we run this company, we run the whole company on ServiceNow. And now we have 20 different GenAI use cases across all the departments of the company. So my full expectation is that someday, we could do the earnings call where we're all in this room together and we'll take you through the living, learning lab of a GenAI-run company here at ServiceNow. 
William McDermott: Yes. It's a really important question, Gregg. I really believe the IT budgets in their own right will go up on a standard rate basis as we've seen now for many, many years. The business executives, however, are inserting their will into the generative AI revolution because the CEO is in a boardroom with her senior team sitting around a table with the Board of Directors, and they're like, "hey, what are you guys doing on GenAI?" And they know now that they got to go into that room with a story because this is a lot like when we had the internet, then we had the iPhone moment, everything went mobile. Everything is going GenAI. It's just a question of how quickly you get there.  So I believe that a lot of the business operating spend will be moved to GenAI technology use cases that serve the business. And the reason I believe I'm right on that, if you look at great companies, some of them in this quarter like Microsoft and Novartis, so Hitachi Energy or Equinix or IBM, they're looking at this as, hey, what does this mean to my employees, to my customers, to my partners and they're very well aware of the fact that inflation is sticky and rates are high, and they're on their own.  They've got to deal with this stuff. And the only way to change the game is to rethink the game and move from checkers to chess and GenAI is now opening up the window for transformational conversations. And that's why I say we are the AI platform for business transformation because we're using technology to transform the business, how can the business run at a lower cost. They're asking questions like, why am I on several different releases on-premise and in cloud and why do I have all these systems? I need a system for every 1,000 employees, it's ridiculous.  So they want to rethink things. And so I think there's two things that are going to happen: one is business budget is going to move into the GenAI category, and it's not going to take away from the IT spend in the end; and two, there's going to be real winners and real losers. And real winners and real losers has already begun its formation because if you don't plant the AI flag in the ground in the next 8 months, there's not going to be an AI flag to put in the ground and ours are getting put in the ground all over the global economy. And the company that I see out there doing extremely well in that regard is what Microsoft is doing with Copilot.  And I see what we are doing with Now Assist AI. And I think it's the combination of those 2 players in the enterprise. And obviously, you've got the great ones like NVIDIA and so forth that's building the GPU force, but that is really what I'm seeing. And I'm also super honored this quarter to see IBM really jump in as a friend and a partner with ServiceNow, and we feel the same way about Watson X. And we're very open to all the participants that are making LLMs and they can all integrate with ServiceNow, and we'll own the domain specific to ServiceNow, but we welcome all participants. And I think that's another unique part of ServiceNow that we're not interested in shutting anybody out. We're actually technology capable enough to open up to everybody and that's really turning on the whole ecosystem in our favor. So plants are being put in flags in the ground in the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia, all the way to Japan and beyond. We are winning. 
William McDermott: Yes. First of all, Mark, thank you very much. Incidentally, my compliments on the research that you put out. I read your e-mail this morning and you called the quarter exactly as it was. So super well done on your part, not surprising considering the great company you work for.  I will give you a couple of things. Leadership is everything. We just hired a great leader who is leading our training initiatives globally, both internally and externally, world renowned and she is going to drive not only a knowledge revolution within our own company but also within the ecosystem. And no, we're not going to build a services company here. We're very comfortable with the ecosystem and building out the ecosystem. We made a commitment with rise up with ServiceNow that we have 1 million people trained around the world on the ServiceNow platform, and we're well on our way to achieving that goal.  I talked about platformation as one company that probably not everybody on this call ever heard of, but you know all the big ones, and they're all investing huge human capital contributions and some of them have literally multi, multibillion business plans built with ServiceNow. So we really like the fact that we can impact the customers' value case with our ServiceNow Six Sigma knowledge team and then we can extend the feet on the street through the ecosystem and also the trust that we have with the ecosystem where they know we're not trying to duplicate their business models on the contrary.  We need them to invest in their business models to move our ambition to be the defining one forward. So it's a really good question actually. And you are right, we're working really hard at it, but it's also true for you to know that the partners see the opportunity like never before, and they're doubling down on ServiceNow. So we think we got a good formed strategy, and we think that we are going to be able to cover this global economy, and we're moving at warp speed to do so. 
William McDermott: Yes. Samad, we see the biggest opportunity we've ever seen. And we know the GenAI revolution is real, and we're doubling down. What you're seeing our investments are very focused on building the best software in the world, and selling the best software in the world. So we have great leadership on both the engineering side and the go-to-market side and we're going to have more clarity of focus in the way we drive the go-to-market.  Now we're getting to size and scale the calls for that. So there are various motions to market that will have single line of sight accountability and responsibility for a number and the accountability can't be stressed highly enough because we need leaders that can run businesses here. And that's what really big leaders want to do anyway. And Gina rightfully pointed out, we don't do anything without the margin in mind. So we have a pipeline. We manage the whole company on something we call the CEO of Dashboard. We are in real time with a rolling 4-quarter average pipe. We have our GenAI use cases that are against that pipe based on the stage of the sales cycle.  So we know how many we can afford to hire based on probability of closure within 1% to 2%, and that is how we drive the financial performance of the company and how many people we let in the door. I do want to stress because we run a clean platform here and we run a GenAI company here. That's our absolute commitment.  We are going to run a super efficient company. So on the G&A side of the equation, we continue to be lean and as we get bigger as a percent of revenue, that will drop even further. So I think you're going to like that. And I think a lot of companies now are showing up here at our doorstep, they want to see the Now on Now story because they're like, how is it that you could have one financial system for thousands and thousands and one HR system and one CRM system, when my company has hundreds and I can't even keep track of them all. And I think a lot of what I'm trying to explain to you is we're in the beginning stages of the end of one era and the beginning of another. 
William McDermott: By the way, Samad, when you show up, you'll notice that it will be a stunning knowledge, and you'll see thousands more people than you saw last year. We just keep getting bigger and bigger. So get ready for the best Vegas show you've ever seen. 
William McDermott: And Derrick, I would just give you one thing to think about, too. You could take great companies like Novartis, who want to be a global leader in their industry. And that industry has been held back with 6.5-year clinical trials. And these kinds of CEOs are rethinking everything and they're using generative AI as the gateway to change. And they're looking at not only GenAI, but they're also looking at ServiceNow as a fresh new platform design to take on some of the tougher process challenges that has slowed companies down. And as CJ said, which I think is a major point, the time to implementation on these GenAI use cases has been faster than anything I've seen, not just against Pro, but against anything.  They want it in now. So there's an urgency and that urgency is coming from the C-suite, and it's a movement. And I've never seen a desire for implementation speed like I have for GenAI. And that, to me, is a big factor as you navigate and the way you think about this business, this business model and GenAI is a category, who's going to win, who's going to lose and which customers really want the solution, how quickly do they want the solution if they see the value they want it yesterday, and that's a great sign for us. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. And Kash, on your question around seasonality about the cRPO. So first and foremost, really proud of the fact that we beat our guide in Q1 by 100 basis points. That beat was twofold: one, strong net new ACV growth as well as higher early renewals. And so from a seasonality perspective you'll remember, we talked about the Fed duration. And so Q2 is slightly more impacted, right, before it pops up again in Q3. And so we feel really good about the trends that we're seeing. And again, feel really good. We continue to be prudent in our guide around early renewals, while we are seeing them stronger than we saw last year. Again, from a guidance perspective and a forecast perspective, we're continuing to be prudent there. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Matt, I'll take that one. So yes, we are absolutely seeing faster Pro Plus adoption versus Pro. It's 2 quarters out, right? So it's early days, but we feel really good about the adoption curve. And we've been talking about whether or not that adoption curve would be faster. And we posited that it would be, and that's certainly proving out to be the case, although again, early days.  With respect to discounting versus initial expectations, we feel really good about the realized pricing and it has been very much in line with our initial expectations. And we'll talk a lot more as you would expect at Investor Day about the overall GenAI opportunity for ServiceNow as well as where we are to date. But we feel very good about what we're seeing in the markets. Customers are really leaning in. We talked about 7 deals in the top 10 had GenAI in it, significant deals over $1 million as well. So we're definitely seeing monetization happening already. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes, it's a great point, and I did call that out. So RPO growth was 27% year-over-year in constant currency, which is 300 basis points improvement versus last year. And yes, that is our longer-term backlog. So as you think more longer term about the opportunity in ServiceNow, I couldn't be more excited about that. We are seeing the average duration growing. And in fact, duration this Q1 is the largest it's been in the Q1 since, I think, 2019. And so I feel really good about what that means for the mid- and long-term opportunity here for sure. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. And I would just add -- I think I would just add, we are absolutely customer 0, 100% on all of our GenAI use cases. Deflection rates have doubled for both our employees and customers and they're improving every month. Right? It's really early days. So it's learning faster and faster. Software engineers are accepting 48% of text to code generation. So there's absolutely the ability to see leverage in our R&D as we look to the mid- and long term. So thank you for the question. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So we'll definitely give you a lot more details on all things GenAI at Investor Day, and that's in a week and a bit. So stay tuned there. Yes, the adoption curve is stronger than we've seen in any new product category launch, but that's starting from 0, right? So it's a small dollar at this point in time, but the speed at which it's going to grow to be a really meaningful contributor is faster than anything we've seen.  And so what I'd say is that 24.5% revenue growth at the scale at which we are, the larger numbers is pretty incredible. And we see continued traction across the board, whether it's our technology workflows, our customer workflows or our creator as well. And so really across the board, employees had a really strong quarter, customer had a really strong quarter. ITSM core remains healthy in 16 of our top 20 deals, 10 deals over $1 million. ITOM was included also in 16 of the top 20 deals with 9 deals over $1 million, security and risk in totality, still doing well. And so it's the great thing about having a platform with the breadth that ServiceNow has, that we continue to drive really, really good growth at our scale across the platform. 
Gina Mastantuono: Brad, thanks so much for the question. So we're really excited about the investment in Saudi. And rest assured, that $500 million is a long-term investment over a long horizon period. It will be in -- most of that investment is in data center, so it will be in cost of sales, but you'll -- again, we manage our margin very tightly. And the growth that we're from that investment is huge. The opportunity that we see in Riyadh and Saudi, NEOM, is great. And Bill spent a nice time there at the LEAP conference, and we're really excited about really pulling our technology to really help that society grow and become a digital-first economy.  And they're leaning in very heavy with ServiceNow, are really excited about our product portfolio, not only our GenAI, but really the breadth of the entirety of the portfolio. So it will be within our CapEx guide that you have always seen, it's not on top of, and we're just really excited about planning flags more in the Middle East. 
Gina Mastantuono: And I would just add to that, Samad. I would just add that last year, might have looked like we slowed down sales and marketing, but there's a lot in that number, and we talked about this, a lot of operations, sales ops. And we actually were very focused even last year on continuing to hire quota-bearing feet on the street sales folks. We're entering -- we entered 2024 with the higher -- the highest increase in ramp reps that we have in a while.  So yes, we will be reaccelerating. We feel really good about pipe. We feel really good about demand. And so -- but I want to make clear that we didn't stop hiring salespeople feet on the street. Last year, we continue to hire and we will continue to do that because our pipe looks strong and demand looks great. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. So if you remember, Samad, last year, we've been -- over the last year, we've been more prudent in how we've been forecasting early renewals because it's hard to forecast. It's very customer specific and customer by customer. And so in Q1, our beat was really strong on our net new ACV growth, but we also saw early renewals than our prudent forecast. I haven't changed how we're thinking about forecasting. I'm still remaining prudent given the macro. And so as we think about seasonality. I talked about Q2 being lower, slightly lower, but then it bounced back up in Q3 when Fed is our strong quarter. And so again, it wasn't material enough to impact the Q2 guidance, but I'm not assuming better early renewals in Q2 like we saw in Q1. 
Gina Mastantuono: Absolutely, John. Thanks for the question. I didn't mention it because we had such great results in so many other industries and sectors. But our federal business also was strong and had its biggest Q1 ever with $8 million plus deals and net new ACV growth that accelerated. And so we hosted our largest Fed forum ever with customers representing more than $1 billion in ACV and triple the number of attendees at our executive circle and over 35 partner sponsorships and so really strong federal business. And actually, our GenAI offerings are reinforcing our ability to help accelerate the transformation journey for our federal customers. And so we're seeing early adopters and healthy industry -- sorry, healthy interest in our domain specific models, which offer better security that CJ just talked about and really can drive tremendous efficiency gains. And so exciting themes ahead for 2024 and feel really good about what the federal business will continue to do for us as well as public sector as a whole. So thanks so much for the question. 
Gina Mastantuono: Yes. Thanks, Michael, for noticing. We're really proud of the 47% free cash flow margin. Year-over-year, though, you have to remember that Q1 of last year was lower than normal given the Silicon Valley Bank and regional bank crisis that happened that quarter. All of that being said, even if you normalize for that, we are significantly higher. And that's testament to the strong margin, operating margin and some nice work that we've been doing on working capital efficiencies. And so we feel really good. Seasonality for free cash flow will be similar to what you've seen historically. And so just really strong results. The team has done an outstanding job on working capital efficiencies, and we'll continue to see that as well. 
Chirantan Desai: So I would say, Karl, I would start first is environment, and we shared this in January, Bill, Gina and I, it remains pretty much the same from our perspective as it -- and what we mean by that, it is not 2021, specifically. So it still takes many approvals and all the things that we discussed from a sales perspective in trying to get business validation done or a purchase being made. And pretty much, I would say, that's a standard across industries and geographies.  We are absolutely executing well within that environment given our promise of efficiency and automation so that is absolutely resonating and combine that with our in-platform generative AI, which also resonates really well because that is an accelerant to the productivity enhancements that an organization can take.  So whether it's Wall Street banks, whether it's a life sciences corporation, whether it's governments, that story of automation, digital, productivity, enhance via GenAI is absolutely resonating and that is what is helping us, despite the environment continuing to be the same. 
Chirantan Desai: This is CJ. And here is where I would say that specifically, we absolutely believe, and we have seen it that GenAI is helping our software engineers code faster. I mean, straight up. It helps us our software engineers code faster, whether they are junior software engineers or very senior software engineers, they still can leverage and continue to leverage generative AI. So I'll start with that, that is increasing our engineering productivity and it varies depending on how senior the engineer is or how junior the engineer is. And number two, it helps us increase our innovation velocity. So that is really, really important to us that it increases our innovation velocity.  When I flip that for our customers is that when customers leverage ServiceNow generative AI, and if they can do automation faster, whether he's using text to code or text to workflow types of use cases that they can not only increase the number of workflows that they put on ServiceNow, but second, it also increases that digital efficiency. So it's both ways. Our engineers are able to innovate faster and then our customers are able to workflow faster because of generative AI. 
Chirantan Desai: Yes. And the only thing I would add there is every single workflow continues to still grow double digits plus, plus. So we have no, hey, this has been taken out of x or this been taken out of y besides Gina individually calling out all our growth vectors, whether it's our core, which is ITSM and ITOM or whether it's our growth, which our CSM and other products, AppEngine, part of creator and customer, all of them continue to grow very nicely, and they grew very nicely in Q1. 
Chirantan Desai: So first, I'll use, Tyler, one quick example that I was in a conversation at a bank, very technical audience in their technology organization. They were still on ITSM Standard. Once they saw what we have done with Pro plus, they actually bought Pro and Pro Plus together. And that is just amazing that they bought both technologies together, not just saying, "hey, I'm going to go to Pro and then staircase to Pro Plus." That's a very specific example. But the way we look at this specific product line, whether it's ITSM or whether it's CSM, our customer service, is I look at both Pro and Enterprise in total.  So when I look at Pro and Enterprise in total, so I'm excluding Pro Plus on purpose here, so Pro and Enterprise, which are the bigger SKUs at a higher priced amount, they grew nicely for ITSM, for CSM, for our HR Service Delivery. Three of our anchor businesses, when you combine Pro and Enterprise, that is still a high-growth business and then you add Pro Plus, that's what allows us, at this scale of $2.52 billion to grow at 24.5%. 
Chirantan Desai: I would say it is extremely important, Patrick, is the simple answer. Here are the three things we are solving for with our own LLMs. First of all, they are use case specific. And ServiceNow has many use cases that are used by our customers, whether it's IT service management, customer service, our ITOM, all of our key product lines. These are use case specific. And sometimes you would say, even for what Bill talked about agent summarization and other things or text to code, we always want use case-specific LLMs.  So then the question is why. One, the accuracy is higher; number two, these are smaller models which are efficient to run, as you have seen, our gross margin guidance that Gina provided that we feel comfortable with the cost to run these models because when the models are smaller, the cost to run them is not high; and number three, from an end user perspective, a smaller model always performs better. So I consider this as a unique strategy that we are fortunate to have a great AI teams at ServiceNow, focused on not only the engineering execution, but combine that with research and experience on how our customers will consume Pro Plus, these things matter. And that's why domain-specific SLMs, small language models, is the right strategy for ServiceNow. We can run it in our cloud, customers' data is protected, and they have higher throughput and get higher value. 
Chirantan Desai: Alex, great to hear from you. So I'll take this on. So there are a couple of things we are seeing. So when we launched Pro in 2018 September, and we launched Pro Plus in 2023 September. As Bill outlined in his comments, the Pro Plus uptake by our customers is at a higher pace than Pro uptake was across not only just ITSM, but also CSM and also HR, which are 3 big product lines for ServiceNow. So when you look at exactly 2 quarters and 2 days that we have been in the market, it has exceeded our internal projections on what Pro Plus will do and our ability to sell them. And as Gina outlined, that not only it was in the 7 out of 10 deals, which are the top deals for ServiceNow in Q1, we had $7 million-plus deals, including public sector deals in a regulated environment where our engineers have made the technology work for this regulated environment.  So overall, when I see what is happening on the demand environment, it is at a higher pace given very clear metrics around productivity for whether it's IT agents, customer service agents, HR staff, or for the employees. And that's what is driving the demand because it accelerates the productivity or multiplies it however you want to call it.  The second thing I would say is when I look out Q2, Q3, Q4, I still see significant interest from customers, and they are saying, okay, CJ, what's going on with the customers who purchased this in, say, for example, Q4. Now here is a really positive news that I do want to report, and we will share more details at our Financial Analyst Day, Alex, is that customers are, for the first time very eager to turn on Pro Plus and want to see and work with us on where the productivity improvements they are seeing and say, help us understand, I saw that when a call got transferred from one IT agent to the other IT agent on follow-the-sun model, the quick summarization help them significantly, so they didn't ask the end user same question. So there are a lot of nuances we are learning as we work with our customers, but they are deploying. And when I say deploying, as in implementing Pro Plus at a much faster rate than Pro, which is allowing us and our sales team to use this as an example, while convincing other customers to sell.  So overall, not only the demand environment I'm seeing is better for Pro Plus than Pro, if you ask me the same question in 2019 April, which was 5 years ago. But I'm also seeing that customers are turning on Pro Plus and working with us saying, here is where I'm seeing the improvement. Here is how I should think about it. And our engineering teams are doing a phenomenal job releasing improvements literally on a monthly basis to make sure that our customers are successful with Pro Plus. 
Chirantan Desai: So first of all, thanks for the question, Derrick. Here is how I would describe it. Our design goals and engineering goals were, this has to be super simple to turn it on, as in Pro Plus, once you are on Pro, and you can start using our Pro Plus capabilities, whether it's for agents, employees and so on. That has been our design principle. The setup is super simple, and customers are turning it on and seeing where they are seeing improvements on productivity, whether it's for agents or employees. So that's number one.  Number two, I absolutely do not expect that this requires a heavy system integrator types of implementation that is drawn out in the old machine learning technologies, where you create a model, refine a model and you need data scientists, machine learning engineers and so on. This is pretty straightforward for ServiceNow use cases. Where system integrators can help is what Bill talked about that, hey, is there a new way to look at this process? And should I even put in another process on ServiceNow platform because I can see this is just super fast to get value out of ServiceNow.  So in terms of implementation cycles, they are actually faster on Pro Plus than they have ever been before. And we don't expect a heavy implementation cost. However, if our customers want to leverage system integrators, the biggest value that they always had is helping them think through what additional generative AI use cases they can use and redefining processes. 
