Gina Mastantuono: Sure, Sterling. Thanks for the question. We talked about really continuing to focus on driving a balance of growth and profitability, and I've been pretty transparent and open about those margins. We are currently expecting that a more normalized T&E will come back towards the back-half of 2021. And so the expectations on the front-half will be similar to what we've been seeing, but that we would expect some more normalized T&E to start again in the back-half.
Gina Mastantuono: I wouldn't add anything more on that. I think that that was a great answer, Bill, on the acceleration of net new ACV. On the M&A conversation, I think, Bill, I know you have a perspective.
Gina Mastantuono: Sure. So I'll take the first one. So yes, in Q4, we talked about 80 million of billings that were accelerated in Q4 out of Q1 of 2020. And so basically if you take that 80 out of Q4 and put it back into 2020 – and put it back into 2021 that's where you see that double impact, right. And so, you might take it out of 2020 and add it back into 2021. And so it's about a 200 basis point tailwind to 2020, but then about 350 basis headwind in 2021. So we try to do all the math for you, so that's pretty clear. And just to be clear that these were early customer payments. And we feel like it's one time in nature, and it was really results of our customers having excess cash driven by the OpEx savings that we said they were seeing in 2020. And so, I hope that that clarifies you, Raimo.
Bill McDermott: Well, thank you very much, Sterling. This is Bill. What you're seeing out there is each industry has its own nuances. For example, in financial services, I talked about security. Obviously, the future of work is a big movement to work from anywhere and certainly enable that modern work environment and do that in a way where people can be onboarded without actually even meeting them, train them appropriately and do the ongoing management of people where they can truly execute their mission and they know all the information and they have all the data to do their job. So this is happening in every industry and it's happened in every geo and each persona has its own unique needs. What we think is unique about ServiceNow is that this platform, think of it as the workflow automation platform, comprehends all the opportunities with App Engine to customize things very rapidly like vaccine management, for example. It also offers the IntegrationHub. And what the IntegrationHub enables is all the things from RPA, process mining, API integration, process analytics, native mobile, contextual interfaces, and all the other things that CIOs and leaders of businesses are counting on to create end-to-end continuity in the business. And that's what makes us so unique. So having that platform advantage and our well-known position in IT is equally as relevant with the employee experience, because now you have one portal with a consumer-grade UX, all the complexity is hidden, all the onboarding caring for the employee is done and they are right off and running with their mission. In some cases, I had one very high-level executive tell me, I haven't met the 5,000 people I hired this year because of the Now Platform. And then on customer service management, in every industry, and I gave the AT&T example as one, you're seeing this frictionless business environment really take off. So how do we deal with the end consumer and do so directly in a way that enables our services to be consumed. So you're seeing this ease of use around ServiceNow, you're seeing the virtual agent guide people through subscription processes, and you're seeing all of our deep machine learning and AI help the customer navigate their sign-on processes and so forth. And the workflow then becomes the exception because humans shouldn't have to get involved in these processes unless the computer didn't get the job done and that gives us such an advantage because we're seeing situations where we can literally consolidate hundreds of systems that our Now Platform take out huge costs, give the customer a great experience and obviously not put so much pressure on human capital because people are only engaged when they're absolutely necessary in the customer satisfaction process. So you're seeing a mass consolidation of all the old stuff to the Now Platform. You're seeing IT employee, customer and all of the App Engine and IntegrationHub opportunities really come together on one common platform, one data model and one architecture. So it's now a solutions company. It's now selling a suite and the broad spectrum of offerings gives us reach to the whole C-level executive team, not just one persona on the executive team.
Bill McDermott: Yes. Well, thank you very much, Keith. Maybe I'll start off and then give Gina a chance to build as she wishes on the net new ACV inquiry. First of all, I'll just say that net new ACV on a year-over-year basis will increase and the pipelines that we have in the company and we manage the company on what we call a CEO dashboard in real-time give us much greater coverage than we had last year. So we know that the facts substantiate the net new ACV increase. One of the interesting things that is fascinating is actually our executive briefings have increased 70% on a year-over-year basis. So if you think about our ability to get to the C-suite and increase the contact in this kind of virtual environment, it's actually gone way up. So a lot of people, I guess, need a good meeting and they want to figure out how they're going to digitally transform and the Now Platform has just dynamite tailwind key. Now, in terms of the whole digital landscape, IDC, I think, the $7.4 trillion is very interesting statistic. This is factual. If you just look at the way companies are prioritizing their investments, the one thing that's not going to get deep prioritized is digital transformation and things that enable digital business, because it's really the only way to either get your stuff competitive or to increase your competitive advantage and your peer group, and every CEO completely understand that. And within that context, I think the uniqueness of ServiceNow to have so much, so much momentum, not just in exciting new areas like the future of work with our employee experience or customer service management, which is really a frictionless economy now more and more coming ServiceNow's way, but even in our core with IT. If you look at our ITSM core business, it's outgrown our internal expectations by a lot. And you've seen with the Pro SKU where we add on the machine learning and the AI capabilities on a platform approach that two is growing fast and our engineering team is incredible here. I mean the level of innovation they're pushing out with 70% increase 2020 over 2019 and we have major releases coming this year commensurate with what we did last year. So I wanted to give you a lot of confidence that the net new ACV is going up, the customers are buying and the pipeline is super strong. And here is one thing that I found fascinating. There was a study done by Deloitte. And with all this digital transformation, a lot of executives are looking back and saying, hey, why didn't I get a better return on all I put into digital? And what they found is that about three quarters of the digital transformation projects, didn't give the yielded return on investment that they had hoped for and the number one root cause was integration. So as you think about the Now Platform integrating with 550 systems of record out of the box and all the collaboration tools, no matter which one the customer likes and have that completely synchronized into the Now Platform out of the box and you're up and running in days. It's kind of an attractive value proposition to our customers and even non-customers that want to jump onboard.
Bill McDermott: Yes. I mean, look here's the situation, Keith. We are not against M&A. So far we have done technology tuck-ins or we've done, what I would call, human capital tuck-ins such as we've done with AI. We've gotten tremendous people into the organization to put all the value into the Now Platform and to generate net new revenue growth in the SKUs such as what we did with IT, we'll do with employee, we'll do with customer and obviously we'll do with the low code, no code innovation that we can give to the creator, which is literally a business analyst or anyone that wants to write a low code application in an enterprise. So the way we look at large scale or larger scale M&A, we wouldn't be doing our job if we didn't look at every opportunity to satisfy our customers and our shareholders, but it's important just to register with you that our projection on the 10 billion is clearly in hand with our organic innovation and the momentum we have in the marketplace with our customers, and also the non-customers that want to join the team. So, there's nothing on the table right now for a larger deal, but it's not like we don't have our eyes wide open at the various opportunities. And if they ever presented themselves, you would know that we thought through it rigorously and it was part of our strategic imperative to really do the best we can for our shareholders and our customers. But right now that is not on the table and it's not something that's actionable at this time.
Bill McDermott: Great. And then Raimo, I’ll just give you a view for our ITSM Pro because that was your question. First of all, it’s growing in steep double-digits, very important. And while we’ve penetrated 20%, that means we still have 80% to go. So it's a really, really one of the growth opportunity from a shareholder value creation perspective. But what you’re looking at is the remote IT services requests growing exponentially, and many of the IT organizations out there are looking for ways to deflect lower-tier cases. So by leveraging chatbots and streamlining processes part of the AI ML capabilities are embedded with our Pro SKU. So that’s one aspect of it. And when you start to think about all the innovation that we’ve built in to this platform and the latest product releases, again the value is so much greater because of the organic innovation the team has put into it. But customers are loving, gee, wow, I can transform IT, which then has an impact on the employee experience and the whole future of work. And incidentally, there isn’t a customer out there now that’s not asking us to revolutionize their call center operations or enable people to work from a virtual environment better and obviously in this frictionless economy how can I do things with a no-touch or possibly the lowest touch possible, how can I eliminate the middleman in my margin pursuit as companies trying to grow in different industries. All of that requires the IT backbone. So what you’re seeing is a multiplying effect of one story compounding into another and really stretching the perimeter of what we’re doing for executives across the enterprise. That’s why you’re seeing deal sizes get larger and larger. You are seeing us be in a very strong position in terms of the product, the value that it delivers, and the processes that we’ve built for not only pre-sale sale value creation but also post-sale value creation. So ML, AI and the leadership that we’ve built into this platform is really unique.
Bill McDermott: It’s my pleasure, Kash. Thank you very much for your kind remarks. As you think about our company, what’s the beauty of us right now is we execute with the speed of a start-up, but we have the scale of a global company. So you’re seeing us now expand in Europe quite dramatically. We’re hiring amazing, amazing talent. You’re seeing us make moves into the Middle East. You’re seeing the expansion in Latin America. We’re really like starting to kick it into high gear in Asia with an expansion in South Korea. We have lots of plans and we have a well known brand, of course, in Australia, in other more mature markets. In the United States, I feel like we’re just getting started based upon the amazing receptivity to this Now Platform. And I think that a lot of that came from our emergency response to COVID and now the vaccine management. And you look at markets and industries like financial services, like telecommunications, like our government business and so many more. So, I would say, we’re just getting started in terms of the real extents in for scale. The brand has now become a very well-known brand. The ecosystem tailwind has really kicked in, in the last 12 months. And once you get calls from amazing big brands and they say I have to team up with you, my customers are demanding that I team up with you and integrate beautifully in the Now Platform. My customers are telling me. That’s a large telco company. In fact, it’s not the one that I mentioned as the example, and they said, we got to do more with you. So you’re seeing now a world where the Fortune 2000 gives us an extreme opportunity for growth beyond $10 billion. But our brand and industry and geography and persona, and same account revenue growth and net new logos, which Gina and I also have an operating plan that increases pretty large this year-over-year in addition to the NNACV, net new ACV. So Kash, it’s going to be – look at our four businesses that we already are in, look at every one of them as multibillion opportunities and then don’t forget the platform because I think more and more as the citizen developer concept takes off the ServiceNow. It will find this in locations that go way beyond the Fortune 2000. And keep in mind, a lot of those large companies that you mentioned, they might have about 1,000 companies and they say they have a couple of hundred thousand because of all the subsidiaries and so on. So we’re talking about real companies with real names. And I think the subsidiaries of those and all peers, the world will really take off as well. We’re in the early days here.
Bill McDermott: Yes, sure, absolutely. Well, first of all, I would feature, Walter, the platform itself. And I believe strongly that ServiceNow has now pivoted to be that platform company for digital transformation. And that is a big difference from being, “what some used to say was the ERP of IT”. So think about this as a platform company. Think about the core business and the continuous innovation that we’re doing in the core to stretch the core into new frontiers. We have a whole organization that is focused on the next big thing. So all the businesses that you would understand well, whether we invented it or someone else did, they all want to cooperate with the Now Platform, because the IntegrationHub enables them to get in. And once they get in, then they can build their imagination and their dreams with ServiceNow. So, I think, there’s a big business model in that that we have only scratched the surface on. If you think about employee experience, I think the companies that I talked to including ours, we run someone else’s system of record. But if you talk to 13,000 people in ServiceNow, nobody could possibly pick the system of record out of a lineup because all they look at is this gorgeous consumer-grade UI that’s driven by the ServiceNow portal, where all the services that they need based on their job profile are right there for them, I mean how big is that market. And the same thing with customer service management. We’re learning fast in this new world that we’ve gone way beyond SFA and up-sells and cross-sells and conditioning that around a marketing campaign. We’re into business model innovation, where great companies like Disney or AT&T are rethinking their business model entirely and they’re capitalizing on the streaming rage, and they’re coming up with subscription business models that reinvent the customer experience and give them net new businesses. ServiceNow is in that to win. And I think that TAM is absolutely unbelievable. The other TAM that’s pretty interesting that nobody spends much time talking about, but it’s one of the reasons I see ServiceNow's future is so bright. If you just take paper-based processes that are clocking up all of these companies and you digitize them to the Now Platform, there is a well-known bank out there that says the U.S. market alone is a $280 billion market, which maybe globally that’s $400 billion market. And then I think this platform business, I really see an amazing, amazing future for the platform business. Just think about this. If you’re the state of North Carolina and you’re a ServiceNow customer and you’ve got a vaccine management challenge, like literally in days they can build a custom application tailored to 10 million citizens to get them the vaccine in their arm to protect them from this terrible virus. Again, that is just built on to the Now Platform using the App Engine, the IntegrationHub and all the innovation that our great engineers have built. So, we’re at the early days and there are some things that we have planned for that will be forthcoming in the months and year ahead. But right now, I just want to keep you focused on what we’re doing, because literally we’ve only scratched the surfaces of these businesses.
Bill McDermott: Yes, fantastic. So let’s start with the whole idea of the partners. There isn’t a partner that’s a global partner right now that does not have a business plan that’s $1 billion or more with ServiceNow. And many of them are in the multiple billions, and they’re building their business model. Some of them tell me, they look at the Now Platform as the cross-platform integration engine of their business model with the various other companies, whether it’s system of record software company or collaborative software company that they also have partnerships with. But they’re looking at us as the center of that digital transformation effort. That is a very, very big tailwind. Many of the net new innovative applications that they will bring to their customers, they’re building on the Now Platform because the low-code, no-code simplicity of the platform can enable them to do things at record speeds, and I think that is a big, big unlock for them. So platform is really big. I also think the ML and the AI movement that we’re on, Element AI was kind of the finishing touch of four M&A moves that we made, which was really about acquiring not just patents and thought leadership, but real enablement of the Now Platform, so we can truly unleash humanity in ways that heretofore were not possible. And the computer and the human now can do things in terms of decision-making, removing soul-crushing work that nobody really wants to do, issuing workflow orders only when it’s necessary because the virtual agent can solve 90% of the problems and most engagement with customers. And this is now like a whole new universe because many of those partners looked at us an IT. And now the employee experience, for example, is one of Deloitte's most desired personas and they're actually extraordinarily good at the employee experience and they give us reach globally and there are others on customer service management now that is saying what we’re doing especially with digitizing business processes, ease of use on subscription models, like Disney+. We are so honored to see Disney+ say, that’s our digital bridge to the future. We have great core businesses, but this is a digital bridge to the future. And ServiceNow is right in the mix of all of that. So look, it’s a once in a generation opportunity, and I’m really, really happy. And I also look at the technology partners that we have now that have just adopted us as the standard for IT and so many other things. We made the announcement on IBM where they basically looked at their ITSM on-premise business and said we got to go to the cloud. We’d rather go to the cloud with you that’s where the innovation is and we've won very good partnerships like we're doing with Microsoft, connecting with O365 teams dynamics and bringing a whole new understanding of what’s possible with the Now Platform working interdependently with Microsoft. So, all that and more is all in the mix from our growth plan.
Bill McDermott: Yes, absolutely. Again, we’re hiring best-in-class talent. We obviously have extremely bold ambitions to what we think we can do in the customer service management arena. Also, John Ball, who is the gentleman that we hired as you know, he ran the Einstein initiative over another software company in the area. And we feel that he has domain expertise. And when he saw what we were doing in customer service management, he said, this is where I want to work. He said, this is the biggest thing that I've seen. He said I can't get over this NOW Platform, its simplicity, how quickly I can innovate on it. I'll give you an example. He was front and center on the vaccine management innovation. Literally, that whole process took us three weeks where vaccine management as a concept and an application was developed in three weeks and launched to the global marketplace. And it's in Scotland, it's in UK, it's in many states now in the United States. And in the not too distant future, hopefully it’s helping many of the federal agencies help the Biden administration save lives here in America and obviously in other parts of the world too. So it's the speed at which you can innovate on this platform. It's the pristine nature of this platform that you don't have to work with multiple different platforms from different M&A moves or different levels of complexity that others have built up over time. Here, it's just like there it is innovate on, it. What's the idea, let's code it and let's get it out to the market. We did emergency response apps, if you remember, over a weekend and we launched them globally in a week. I mean it’s just unheard of. And that's what's really exciting that our engineers are spending all of their time coding new innovations as opposed to integrating past applications.
Bill McDermott: Yes, that's the whole point. That’s what we're talking about here. I'll give you an example. I had one CEO said to me, hey, I want to get a good score on Glassdoor. And he said there doesn't seem to be an application on the market for it. I said yes why don't you get a business analyst and we'll design a workflow around that, and then you can launch it out into your company in record speed like a couple of days. So, what's unique here in the case of vaccine management as an example, you took the platform and you customized something in a few days basically to vaccinate 5.5 million people. But in the case of something where you just need to flow chart a workflow and rethink a process to, for example, roll out a rewards program or a recognition program that could be done by a business analyst. So we're not inhibited by prepackaged software or doing things that are quite complex in development in the case of the platform because all you need is an idea. And if you have an idea, a business analyst can code on this platform. If you have an idea that's a little bit more complex, you can have a Low-Code situation where somebody with a little bit of computer intelligence skills can navigate this platform. So this is kind of the secret sauce. I tell you, when I think about what it can be because of the architecture and the simplicity of the platform itself, our imaginations just keep getting more and more fulfilled with dreams and excitement. And I’m just so excited by our engineering teams. And Gina and I have made sure that we fund them now appropriately and most of the investments around here go to the great engineers and the people that serve our customers. There's zero bureaucracy in this company, just like there's zero bureaucracy in the platform.
