Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Carol. As we enter 2017, we remain committed to our global growth initiatives, which include the execution of fundamental initiatives to drive greater share of wallet with our existing customer base, an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused on both geographical as well as product line expansions, the building out of our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses, and the further expansion of our U.S. and international store footprint. We remain confident that our ongoing focus in these four key areas, along with our initiatives to drive significant cost savings, will positively impact our future results and produce the steady and consistent growth we look to achieve each year. So with that, we'll turn it back to Dana, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul D. Donahue: And, Chris, just staying on Industrial for a minute. If you look at all the macro numbers, as we look at them, whether it be the ISM number, rig counts, we're seeing significant improvement. We've been through these cycles in the downturns in Industrial before. And it does feel – and we see it in both Motion and our Electrical business, that these two businesses are now poised for much better growth in 2017.
Paul D. Donahue: Matt, we were very active in 2016 with 19 acquisitions and $600 million in annualized revenue, quite a bit more active than we were in prior years. It's difficult to say, this is generally a long process, when we look at businesses and partnering with businesses. So you just – it's hard to gauge, because you just never know when they're going to come along, when the right one is going to come along. But I will tell you that we will remain active, not only across all four of our businesses, but across all of our geographical regions as well.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah, we haven't – Greg, we haven't come off our long-term objectives on the number side. But based on what we see today, we believe that the guidance that we provided is achievable, but I can also tell you that our team is focused on not only reaching that guidance, but absolutely exceeding it this year.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. Let me – I'll take the regional question first, Bret. First and foremost, I'm very pleased to tell you that every one of our regions we saw improved sales results in the fourth quarter and we also saw that gap narrow from what we had seen in Q3, and even a little bit into Q2 we saw that gap narrow by about 100 basis points. So we're still – our strong regions are still in the South, but I can tell you we see improved results in the Midwest and we saw improved results in the Central part of the country as well. So that December blast of cold definitely helped. This January warm temps are not helping us a whole lot, but that is what it is. Your second question, Bret, regarding product performance, our best performing categories, and probably not surprising, in Q4 were anything related to engine and electrical systems, so battery, starters, alternators, all performed well in Q4, filtration performed well. Some of the – where we saw a little bit of downturn within some of our T&E, tool and equipment, especially on some of the large equipment and some of our paint categories were off just a bit.
Paul D. Donahue: No, I don't think so. Bret, I think it's timing. We have a robust tool and equipment business, and I think it's more one of timing. I don't think there is anything that changed dramatically in Q4 that would have impacted those sales. I think we'll see that rebound in Q1 going forward.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah, I would just reinforce Carol's comments, Bret. We continue to be very bullish on our international operations, and that's really all of them, Australia, New Zealand. We think we have expansion potential in those markets. Mexico, we will continue to expand our footprint there. In Canada, despite a challenging environment out West, our team up there had a good year. Where we need to turn it up is here in the U.S. and absolutely our team is focused on getting that done this year.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, I'm not sure I'm ready to go there. All I know is, where we were a year ago in the depth, Bret, where – we're double the price of a barrel of oil today than we were a year ago. Rigs are coming back online and we're seeing a lift in that Southwest – we do a big business down in the Southwest and we're seeing a nice lift across that part of the country really in all of our businesses.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, I'll take comp first, and then let Carol address your first question. So as we're identifying and defining comps, Chris, we're excluding new stores, new branches, or new stores, branches closed over the past 12 months, and we're also excluding acquisitions.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. It's a great question, Chris. I will tell you that we have a robust acquisition pipeline in really across all four of our businesses and, as I think I've mentioned earlier, in all of our geographical regions. I think what we're seeing is that in some parts of our business, when we do an acquisition, and I'd point out one that we did in Industrial with the acquisition of Braas in Q3 of last year, what that brings us is additional players in that space. When they see that GPC is, one, that we're acquisitive, and two, that we're a good partner, we have more and more some of these folks coming to us as opposed to us tracking them down. So we feel good about our prospects for 2017. I mentioned earlier, we did 19 acquisitions last year. I don't know that we'll be at that level of activity, but we certainly expect to be active again in 2017.
Paul D. Donahue: No, what we're seeing has been fairly typical of recent years, Brian. The pricing across the marketplace is rational and we're not seeing – and our supplier partners are partnering with us as they always have. We're not seeing any significant shifts there either.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah, so two things, Chris. One is our comments about the back half of the year were more specific to the earnings. So we were more commenting on the plus 2% to plus 5% in earnings, we would expect to see more of that in the back half of the year. Then the second thing is, you spoke to (32:34) sales, Q1 last year was our strongest quarter. So as you think about that, I would just take that into account, but then knowing that quarters two, three, and four were more similar. And then you specifically called out Industrial, and I would just mention with the Industrial, again, we saw great improvement in their sales in the fourth quarter. So the guidance that we gave you for them, those sales increases would be pretty even across the quarters in 2017, unless we see something outside of our control in the economy that we're not anticipating.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. So a couple of things there is, you're right, they've closed over 50 branches and a couple of distribution centers. They've done a terrific job on the cost side. And as we have mentioned before, they had an impact of lower volume incentives as it related to this business. So as this business picks up, you do see the margins coming back and we've seen some nice improvement in their core gross profit, and then they've got some acquisitions coming in. So I would just mention, we always have a stated goal of improvement each year in operating margins. As far as the bounce back and the range, I mean, for all of our businesses, we still target the 8.5% to 9% for operating margin. I wouldn't necessarily expect that within 12 months, but I think you're going to see a nice bounce from them.
Carol B. Yancey: I wouldn't say higher than what we've seen in prior peaks. I mean, remember, they're just at 7.3% right now. So, I mean, we've got a ways to go. But 8.5% would be a really nice margin for them.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, really, if you look at from the cost structure, I mean, we've said it takes a bit of time for us to get those costs out, and look, we're not happy with where we ended up the year in fourth quarter. We've got more work to do in SG&A. I mean, when we look at what we've done in terms of facility rationalization, when we look at our head count, when we look at our cost structure, freight, legal and professional, insurance, I mean, there is wage pressures. So we've just got to work hard at continuing to get those costs out, and that's not a quick thing that happens in just a quarter. So that's why we're giving a little bit of the earnings to say it will probably be more back half loaded.
Carol B. Yancey: So, our – what we have assumed in our cash flow guidance that we gave was very similar to what we had this year. So we would have an amount set aside, if you will, for of course the dividend, the CapEx number we gave you, share repurchases of a similar amount, and then for acquisition. So you can count on the 1% to 2%-ish on acquisitions in terms of revenue, so that's modeled into our cash flow guidance.
Carol B. Yancey: No, it would just be the normal ranges that we've discussed. So we have not – the acquisitions that have already taken place in our numbers in 2016, and then roll into 2017 is what's contemplated in our guidance. But in the earnings guidance, it would just be a normal buyback. So that's usually around 1%, 1.5% of our shares.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, so we just finished our fifth year of deflation on the automotive business. And I can't say we're planning for anything much different than that. In the other businesses, this was definitely much lighter than normal year. So we're not really planning for much. But, look, there are so many unknowns out there in the economy right now and certainly with new legislation, some of the trade and tax issues that are being thrown about, we don't know what will come. But right now we're contemplating a similar number in 2017 for inflation, which would not be much.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, I think in the – one of the things that we've assumed for this year is core growth of 2% to 3%. So, as you know, in distribution business, core growth of 2% to 3% makes it very difficult for us to leverage or to have margin improvement. So that's why we're giving kind of an earnings number of plus 2% to plus 5%. But certainly know that we're not happy there and we've got a lot of work we're doing. So I don't think it's anything more than just probably a lower level of sales growth, but we would still expect – and again, our long-term objectives are still to have a much higher core growth, and more like a 4% to 6% going forward.
Carol B. Yancey: We would be stronger on the international side than the U.S. That assumes core growth of 3% to 4% as well. We've got a little bit of a currency headwind built-in and a little bit of acquisitions. But I think you're going to see similar, with a little stronger growth internationally, similar to what we had this year, little stronger internationally than the U.S. side.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah, there was virtually no FX impact in the quarter. It was just negligible. And the acquisition impact in the quarter, it was around 2% for Automotive, and it was around 4% for Industrial, and it was around 11% for Office, and then Electrical was 1%, so in total we were about 4%.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, I would say it's probably premature. We have – it's early to have discussions with suppliers about what changes they are going to be making, what changes we're going to making. I think we're all taking a bit of wait and see to see what ultimately happens. I think, as we think about this, what amount is going to be borne by the supplier, what amount is borne by us, what amount passes onto the customer, I think in theory, a lot of this is probably going to end up being passed onto the consumer and in terms of inflation and what we see in the cost of products. But we have not started. Again, it's early to be having discussion with what changes may happen in the supply chain. But know that we will work with our suppliers and hopefully come up with the best solution that we can.
Carol B. Yancey: We want to thank you for your participation in the call today. As always, we thank you for your support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting to you in Q1. Thank you.
