Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. With the fourth quarter now behind us, we can safely say that 2021 was an exceptional year for GPC. Throughout the year, our team focused on advancing the strategic priorities for our global Automotive and industrial businesses. With the backdrop of our multiyear portfolio optimization strategy, the economic recovery and strong industry fundamentals, we generated double-digit sales and earnings growth and significantly improved our profit margin. We are proud of our strong financial performance and the many accomplishments of the GPC team. Our results drove strong cash flow, which further supported our balance sheet strength. Our capital allocation priorities continue to be investing for enhanced productivity and growth through capital expenditures, strategic acquisitions, dividends and share repurchases. In total, we were pleased to effectively deploy $1.35 billion for these key priorities in 2021. So now turning to 2022, we are confident in our plans for accelerated growth and profitability as we build on the underlying momentum in both our Automotive and Industrial operations, and realize the benefits from our acquisition of KDG. We are well positioned with the financial strength and flexibility to support our growth plans and provide for disciplined, value-creating capital allocation, and we look forward to sharing our progress with you. We thank you for your interest in and support of GPC, and we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers and delivering a terrific year for GPC. So with that, I'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: Hey, thanks, Scot. And hey, Scot, welcome back. Glad to have you back on the call. What I would tell you about US Automotive, Scot, when I go through region-by-region, first off, every region in Q4 was up double digit, which I don't recall that in a number of years. Both coasts were the strongest. When I look at the East Coast, up and down the East Coast, from Atlantic, Northeast, Southeast, all strong, West, really strong. But even that, it's hard to single out one of our regions, all were up double digits. So really, really terrific performance up and down. On the Industrial side, again, double-digit increases every month in Q4. And we really don't see much regionality on the Industrial side, either. It was, again, every region performed extremely well. And I will tell you, Scot, I couldn't be more proud of our team. In a pretty challenging environment, the increases they delivered were just outstanding.
Paul Donahue: Well, I would -- I guess what I would call out, Scot, if you look and compare the US and let's call out Europe. Europe is such a dominant DIFM market, 90% to 95% of our business in Europe is DIFM. So very, very little DIY business. And as we all know, we really saw the DIY segment spike during COVID and with all the monies that were being pushed out into the marketplace to consumers. So -- but I would also tell you Scot, we're seeing a bit more supply chain challenges in US Automotive than we're seeing either in Australia or Europe. So that would certainly be a callout. But look, again, I'm really pleased to tell you that while the US Automotive group led the way, we saw once again really strong performance in both Europe and Asia Pac as well.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So as we look at our outlook for 2022, we're -- our expectation is we're going to continue to see solid growth across all of our markets. And I would tell you that while it's very early, we're six weeks into the year, we are seeing those trends carry over from 2021 into 2022. So -- but overall, our expectation is that we come in the year in all of our markets, somewhere in that five to seven range, which has kind of been our historical targets. So, -- but it certainly could be a bit stronger than that here in the U.S. And then your question, Chris, around DIY and DIFM -- and you mentioned it, our strength is certainly DIFM, and we had a terrific year in DIFM in 2021, both our NAPA AutoCare Center business, our major account business, our fleet business, all up double-digit. Our DIY business performed very well again. But we always remind ourselves, we're coming off a really small base. But I think some of the actions that our team has taken over the last couple of years in terms of really improving our store assortments, our store training, our hours all has really gone a long way in spiking our retail business. And we expect that to continue really strong as well.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Sure, happy to, Evan. We -- look, we have historically had a very rational environment across the automotive aftermarket in the U.S. And honestly, we don't expect that to shift in a dramatic way one way or the other. But that said, I would tell you that our teams are always looking at prices across the markets and market dynamics, and we'll look down to the SKU level and category level. But I would tell you at this point, Evan, we're focused on our actions. We intend to take good care of our customers. And we'll continue to compete in the marketplace on certainly, our NAPA product quality, our availability and really our great people that we've got in our stores and just continuing to deliver outstanding customer service to all of our great customers.
Paul Donahue: And hey, Greg, I would just add to that, that we haven't seen the degradation in supply chain on the industrial side. Our industrial fill rates have, throughout this past 18 months or so, have remained pretty good, certainly better than what we've seen on the US Automotive side. So our challenge has largely relegated to US Automotive. But as Will said, we are beginning to see an uptick in our fill rates across most of our major suppliers. And look, we know our supplier partners, they have got challenges as it relates to COVID and labor and material shortages. So they're doing all they can for us. And we do believe with our size and scale, that if anybody is going to get product in this environment, it will be Genuine Parts Company.
Paul Donahue: No, I don't think so, Seth. I mean, look, if you go back -- and I've been at this a long time in this automotive aftermarket, price has never been the primary driver in the automotive aftermarket, Seth. And as I think I mentioned earlier, we focus on just putting out a great product, a quality product, having it available when our customers want it, delivering an incredibly fast fashion, having great people on the ground. And then, yes, you've got to have a competitive price on top of it. But certainly, price is not going to be the number one driver nor has it ever been in the automotive aftermarket.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Seth, I would just add to that. We are very, very encouraged what we're seeing in the early days. As Carol mentioned, we're six weeks in, but the team is out of the blocks strong. We've met with the majority of our key customers, our key suppliers in this first six weeks. The team has put an incredible amount of effort. They got a great plan in place, and we're excited with having the Kaman team as a part of GPC and we know they're going to deliver great things for us in the next few years.
Paul Donahue: Yes. And Daniel, I'll just mention that, look, we've been on the ground with a full team in place in Shenzhen, China now for the better part of a decade. And we're sourcing product today, direct sourcing product for all of our automotive businesses around the world. We go to the same factories. We consolidate our purchases between Europe, Asia Pac and the US. So we've been there for the better part of a decade, and it's worked extremely well for us.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Daniel, we're in seven different markets across Europe, including the UK. The UK and Benelux countries were our strongest performers in 2021. And really continue to deliver. The UK was also our initial launch point for our NAPA-branded product. So they've got a bit of a head start on the rest of Europe. All seven countries are positive, and we certainly expect that trend to continue into 2022. We've got a great team on the ground in Europe, and we're very bullish on the outlook for our business there.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Happy to, look at that. When we look at Q4, and again, it was similar to what we alluded to when we came out of Q3 that it was certainly a little bit heavier in the quarter with a mid-single digit for Global Automotive and a little bit stronger, obviously, on the U.S. Automotive than International Automotive, giving us around a 3% for the full year. And it was low-single digit for Global Industrial. Again, theirs was pretty normal throughout the year. As we look ahead, we certainly see a planned carryover impact from Q3 and Q4 going into 2022. So we think first half 2022 will be similar to what we saw coming out of second half 2021. And then it moderates into the second half. So again, a bit stronger in the U.S. Automotive but -- and more normal in our international Automotive and Industrial, so you may see something like around a 3%-ish or again, a bit more than that in the U.S., and that's what we're contemplating in our 2022 numbers.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I mean, look, Q4 -- and again, Q4 SG&A, we knew going into this quarter that we had a fair amount of headwinds. The temporary cost savings last year, roughly $40 million, mean that was almost 90 basis points on our SG&A in the quarter. The increase in incentive compensation was meaningful similar to the temporary cost savings. That was a meaningful number. And then just the normal inflationary pressures, which we called out in Q3 and continued into Q4, on wages and freight, really, freight was certainly a big headwind for us. And then, we've got investments in projects and technology supply chain. But on the tailwind side, I mean, again, I would call out our strong leverage with our strong growth and being able to leverage better than we have in the past. And then the ongoing benefit of our initiatives. So we continue to have terrific initiatives. There was a lot of puts and takes, but ultimately, we had a better year in our SG&A than what we started off with, and the teams have done a terrific job in a really tight labor market and really having to do more with less. And again, as we look ahead into 2022 and your comments, we are implying certainly operating margin improvement, and we would expect to hold on to our gross margin rate in a highly inflationary environment and have initiatives that may even bring that up a bit. And at the same time, we think we're going to get some improvement in SG&A as we go into 2022, and that's coming off of our initiatives.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I'll walk through that. I mean, again, as we talked about on our December conference call with KDG, I mean, the sales of roughly $1.1 billion, our guidance of 21% to 22% and the core growth of 5% to 6%, the balance of that is KDG. So we've kind of given you the 5% to 6% with KDG being the difference there. And again, similar to what we gave you in December with the EBITDA margin, again, you're talking about in the 8% to 9% range. What you have to think about, and again, I've implied that and we've got segment operating profit improvement going into next year, both with and without Kaman, when you roll it all the way down to net profit and EPS, as we've talked about earlier, you have to take into account the incremental interest expense as well as the intangible amortizations. And again, it's early in the process, obviously, the pace of synergies is the significant driver here based on where we are now and what we know, that's all sort of rolling up to roughly a $0.10 impact for this year. But again, we're only six weeks in on the synergies, really highly encouraged by what the teams are going to do. But again, we do have the implied operating margin improvement in those numbers.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your interest and participation in our fourth quarter and year-end earnings. We appreciate your support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to reporting out our first quarter results in April. Thank you, and have a great day.
Will Stengel: No. I would just say from an inventory perspective, we continue to feel good about having access to product in all of the markets that we're rolling now. So, continued success and exciting outlook for the future.
Will Stengel: Yeah, Greg, it's largely a function of just the logistics of the global freight. And so if you think about the port congestion out on the West Coast, that's probably the most elevated area that's congested. So that's largely why we would describe it as more affected than Europe and just the magnitude of the volume of the products coming in through US and North America. So -- we're encouraged by cautiously optimistic, I should say, about what we're seeing in all things, global supply chain. Good news is it's being driven by good underlying growth and demand. The factories internationally seem to be handling that volume better. As I mentioned, the congestion at the ports is still something that is being slowly addressed with some work to do, but moving in the right direction. And then obviously, the cost of moving product around the world continues to be elevated relative to historical average. And so we'll continue to work through that as well. So cautiously optimistic as we look through into 2022.
Will Stengel: Hey, Daniel, I'll hit the first piece of your question in terms of biggest risk, and Paul will maybe come on behind my comments. But I think the biggest risk is talent, and it's more a internal risk just having the talent into buildings to handle the increased product flow as we recover. We've talked a lot about the labor market and having access to people in the buildings, drivers, et cetera. So from our perspective, making sure that we continue to build on all the great momentum and progress we're making around all things people and making sure that we're staffed up on our end to handle the improving volume.
Will Stengel: Yes, Liz, I think we would agree with that statement. The M&A pipeline continues to be very active. I think GPC and both on the Automotive and Industrial side of the business continues to be viewed as an acquirer of choice. And I think scale matters and especially in times where there's kind of an uncertain environment, joining the market-leading businesses and becoming part of the family is a pretty exciting proposition. So we expect that to continue and continue the good amount of activity that we've seen over the last 12 to 24 months.
Will Stengel: Yes. It's a exciting opportunity for us. It’s not an exclusive relationship but it does have implications for both DIY and DIFM. And I think it's a real good example on kind of the opportunity that NAPA has to extend its business model. And so we talked about Arrival, we talked about Wallbox. But whether it's charging stations, service of the future, et cetera, we're excited about it and -- what it's also doing is creating a lot of buzz and momentum with other strategic partnerships. So, the discussions are active and the pipeline for more of these is pretty robust. So we're excited about it and looking forward. It's early days, but looking forward to what it could do for the business.
