Carol Yancey: Okay. On the gross margin, I would say really what we saw this quarter, the big impact that we had was in the industrial area. I mean, that was what was different than say last two quarters. We had the continued pressure on gross margin in the office segment that we talked about before, but on the industrial side, the combination of their lower volume and having to do also with their customer and product mix, but also the volume incentives that are related to that. And as we adjusted what our thinking is between now and the end of the year, that’s factoring into what our adjusted guidance is, it’s lowering that for the industrial volume incentive. And then some of the initiatives, actually our core automotive gross profit and we've put some things in place over the last six to 12 months, and we're pleased with how that’s working, but we're up against some of the other pressures that’s in the other segment. So, it’s on the buy side and the sell side. It’s really initiatives that we work on all the time across all of our businesses.
Carol Yancey: Yes. We would say, if you think about the FX kind of all the way down the income statement if you will, it’s pretty consistent. I mean, there is really not an impact on our net margins. So you can pretty much just take it all the way down the income statement, its pretty consistent.
Carol Yancey: Yes, just to be clear, that we had the same number of days in the quarter, but the comment on the extra day for June related to more the increase in accounts receivables, because the extra day was in June and we had one last day in May.
Carol Yancey: Part of the FX when you are just translating the dollars into your income statement, you can't really hedge against that, What we're looking at as more on the cash flow and balance sheet side, but we're just translating the sales in from these foreign countries, we do have an impact there, you really just have to translate the lower dollar.
Carol Yancey: We thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company and your continued support and we look forward to reporting to you on October with our third quarter results. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: And Greg, if I could also add one point, the fact that office products is up 14% in the quarter, it had an impact on the total gross profit as well.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think you've kind of answered your own question in a way Scot, and that the ones that we highlighted in the order oil and gas, iron and steel, pulp and paper, and the original equipment manufacturing segment, they are the ones that had the most significant decreases in the quarter for sure. And as I mentioned in my commentary, what got our attention a bit was the sequential deceleration in the decreases. So these four categories were down in Q1, but they were down even more dramatically in Q2. And maybe to put a little more color on it, if you look at oil and gas, obviously the fact that the number of rigs running is down over 50% year-over-year. Certainly that has an impact directly, but the indirect impacts ripples through other customer segments as well, certainly the steel segment for any steel manufacturer that has been producing piping to go into exploration, they are having the same situation that we're experiencing. So their volumes are down. You can look at some of the pumping manufacturers those that have down hole pumps would be experiencing some of the same contraction that we're experiencing. So it runs, it pretty much runs through a number of other categories in addition to the oil and gas. And part of it too is the fact that some of the businesses, iron and steel and pulp and paper would also be having some issues because of currency exchange, they are not exporting as much, and in fact they are fighting some import pressures, some product coming in from offshore. So it’s a combination of factors.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I'd preface my comments by saying, we just don’t know as clearly as we would like. But our expectation is that we've experienced the worst of the deceleration. We may see just a bit more or we may have stabilized some. But it’s going to be another couple of quarters before we see this start to turn back up in our opinion.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think as best we can tell we're maintaining share at a minimum and maybe gaining just a little bit based upon the data that we have. And you know, its all not, its all not doom and gloom within the segment. Certainly we've got some customer categories that are really challenged right now. But as I pointed out, we do have a 11 of our key 20 customer categories that are showing increases. And additionally, we've got some positive things going within the industrial segment. It’s just unfortunate that the seven that are down are down in such a magnitude that they are overshadowing some of the good things that are going on. But over time we think that they will show themselves and things will start to turn back up. But we're just not ready today to say that we're starting to see some of that up term. We think we got another quarter or two before we'll experience some of that.
Tom Gallagher: We would – by our numbers we would say that we would have market share that’s in the mid teens there in the Australasian market place. And the outlook we think is generally favorable in local currency. But I would say that the economies over there are equally challenged and I think the numbers that our team has put up would indicate that we're gaining a little bit of share over there currently. In terms of the outlook and future growth prospects, I think we'll continue to have recently good organic growth from the team over there. I think we'll sprinkle in a couple of acquisitions over time and we continue to feel like we get a good return on our invested capital in that market place. The margin structure is very much similar to what we would experience in our core automotive business. So it’s equal in worst case and perhaps slightly accretive in best case.
Tom Gallagher: It’s a little bit early perhaps because we visited the whole dividend discussion at our February board meeting. But at this point we would suggest to you that you'll see an increase in the dividend in February of 2016 and we'll pay out 50% to 55% of prior year earnings. We just can't comment now on the size of the increase. But you'll see an increase.
Tom Gallagher: No, but the numbers that I cited are on a per day basis, so we saw a sequential per day increases and strengthening as the quarter progressed and the same thing would be true in our month to date results. So I think we're looking at an apples-to-apples comparison.
Tom Gallagher: No, its – part of it is due to the fact that we think currency is going to continue to play a factor for sure. I think that might be a primary driver. I want to go back to what I think I understood to the question earlier, Seth, and you asked about the comps, and if we look at our comps in Q2 of this year and last year, and Q2 last year we had 7% comps both for DIY and for DIFM and this year we were seven on the DIY and two on the DIFM. So its not that comps weakened in the quarter, I think we were going up against some pretty good comps. And if we look out over the remaining quarters of this year we were up 6% in Q3 and we were up 7% in Q4 of last year. So I think we're going up against reasonably good comps and I think we'll come through it fine, but I do think the comps don’t soften any for us in the near term.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think across all of our businesses that are affected and maybe just to put a little color to that. If we look at year-over-year our FX comps and I look that on the 15th of July, 15 the difference between July 15, 2014 and July 15, 2015 we had 19% deceleration versus the Canadian dollar and the Mexican peso and 21% decline against the aussie dollar. So that’s a little stronger than what we had originally anticipated.
Tom Gallagher: Well, what I would say first of all is the underlying growth for automotive was I think reasonably good at 4% and I think historically that’s a pretty good number. I think Paul referenced some of the underlying factors are generally favorable, miles driven as for instance through the last three quarter [ph] we've seen are up 3.9% year-to-date, that’s the best we've seen a while. So our expectation would be that demand should remain pretty good over the remainder of the year. One thing that impacted automotive as Paul referenced in his comments, was the abnormally worst conditions we've experienced up through the Midwest and that affected not just the normal DIFM type of business it certainly affected our agricultural business up through that part of the country as well. But assuming that we don’t hit abnormality, so I think that demand pattern should be reasonably good as we work our way through year end.
Tom Gallagher: We're looking at it, we haven’t done anything as yet, but we recognized it’s something that we need to spend a little more time on.
Tom Gallagher: Yes, anything related to construction Brian we're showing good results, so if you get into the aggregate and cement category, that’s a nice category for us currently. Lumber and wood products is a nice category for us as well. So its – I think its fair to say if you looked at those segments of the manufacturing sector, that are performing reasonably well they tied pretty closely to those segment of the overall economy that are performing pretty well right now. So…
Tom Gallagher: I think it’s a combination. And I think it’s a factor of curtail demand here domestically but also its an FX situation as well to the dollar some of these companies that have reasonably strong export businesses are not getting the same type of demand that they might get under more normal FX circumstances. So I think it’s a combination of both elements [indiscernible]
Tom Gallagher: Bret, its hard to tell, our retail increases are wide spread and you know, I think as I've said in prior calls, its our team that’s been really just focusing on the basics, better store hours, better training, better planogram execution, better in store stocking. We've gotten, I would tell you we've got creative in some of our recent promotions that have performed well for us, but its hard to say if we're actually picking market share or not but I would think with the kind of increases we've been showing we are most likely taking it from one of the competitor.
Tom Gallagher: Yes. So the double-digit growth was that to cross all of NAPA that was we really, it was driven in the western part of the country we had record heat out west in the month of June Bret in California, Oregon, Washington record temps, so they really drove the increase. But we're seeing significant increases across the country and right now we're into good shape at our inventory level.
Tom Gallagher: It’s too early to tell, we're still early in our rollout we have 11 companies stores up and running. We have a certainly goal that continued increase at our – its still early Bret but we're on plan and on target.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Mark. This is Paul. I would also add you mentioned the US market. We – it’s our intent to continue to grow our footprint here in the US as well, but I would also say the same about Canada and Mexico.
Paul Donahue: Yes, we saw a little deceleration in the fleet business Seth, which really we attribute really to some of the ongoing prices on the oil and gas side. But it did come back towards the latter part of the quarter. So I don’t think its anything structural. We've been seeing solid increases quarter-after-quarter and our ticket count side, I think was a bit of an aberration that we'll see bounce back tin Q3.
Paul Donahue: No. Matt, this is Paul. Fleet business was actually up a couple of points in the quarter, but it wasn’t at the trend that we've seen in recent quarters which you already hit on was closer to mid single digit. So we saw a – yes, we saw a little bit of deceleration in the quarter and if you break it down its certainly an element of our overall commercial wholesale business and its an important element for sure, but again we don’t think there is anything structural there and that we'll see that bounce back in Q3 in the balance of the year.
