Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. As we reflect back on the first quarter we have several accomplishments we’d like to highlight. We established a new sales record at $4.6 billion and up 17%. Our adjusted earnings per share of $1.27 increased by 18% from 2017. We reiterated our full year sales and earnings guidance with sales at plus 12% to plus 13% and comparable EPS of plus 19% to 22%. We completed our first full quarter with AAG and this business continues to perform well and we are making progress on our integration. We took two significant steps to optimize our portfolio, further enabling us to focus on our higher growth and higher margin global automotive and industrial businesses.  First, we combined EIS with Motion to form a larger and stronger industrial products group with expected revenues exceeding $6 billion annually. In addition we entered into an agreement to spin off the business products group and form a new company with Essendant. We made significant IT investments in the quarter to improve our digital capabilities and enhance our B2C online offerings, as well as enhance our operational efficiencies and productivity in the U.S., Canada, Mexico and Australasia. We generated solid cash flows improving our cash from operations relative to 2017 and finally we increased our 2018 dividend for the 62nd consecutive year. So with these accomplishments we move forward in 2018 better positioned to address our challenges and maximize the growth opportunities available to us. We remain focused on both organic and acquisitive sales to drive long term sustained revenue growth and will continue to execute on our plans and initiatives to enhance our gross margins, reduce cost and build a highly productive and cost effective infrastructure. We expect our focus in these key areas to improve the operating performance in our core businesses and for the company overall.  As always, we look forward to updating you on our progress again in July when we report our second quarter 2018 results. So with that, we’ll turn it back to Ashley and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Chris the – and it’s a fair question. The cadence of the quarter, certainly January started out pretty good and that cold weather helped our business for sure. February was pretty good as well. Where we began to see it tail off was in March and specifically in the second half of March. Easter had an impact. Probably to address your question specifically, Easter was probably less than 0.5% overall impact, but you know the – you take three nor easters that hit the Northeast in the month of March, we had numerous DC store shutdowns in both the Northeast and Atlantic and that absolutely had an impact.  What we see right now Chris is that certainly too much winter weather is not a good thing. We’ve seen our Ag business is off to a slow start, agriculture business. Our break business which is, you know we are usually taking off this time of the year is soft, but look in the long run the cold weather is a benefit for us. We think we’ll see a pick up most likely in Q2 and on into Q3 as parts fail, maintenance come into play, pot holes begin to take their toll. So longer term it is going to be a positive for us.
Paul Donahue: Well, I again – and Chris look, it would be fair to point out that our NAPA business is not like our peer groups. We are improving our retail business and we’ve had an initiative to upgrade our stores for some time.  But retail for us DIY is still less than 25% of our overall business. We’re still largely driven by our DIFM business and our commercial business. As I mentioned, we saw improved results in our auto care business which we have 17,000 NAPA auto care centers. That business was up low single digits, which has improved. Major accounts while improving somewhat from previous quarter, we’re still challenged and what we hear in the marketplace Chris is that overall their business overall is pretty much flat. So specifically on your question about our DIFM business it was pretty much flat in the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Yeah Matt, this is Paul. We generally take about 3%. We have been kind of mired in this flat to 1%, 2% comp growth here now for few quarters in the row and we got to generate some top line growth. I covered our growth pillars with you earlier. Our team is laser focused on driving top line growth so that we can leverage that fixed expense that we have, but we generally look at 3% as a must. 
Paul Donahue: No, 3% is a good number Matt and we are absolutely our committed to the investments that Carol mentioned. But 3% is a good number. 
Paul Donahue: We did not Bret, but I’m happy to talk about it. We got a – about five of our eight divisions across the U.S. that are pretty well grouped together and they range from a point down to a couple of points up, so a very narrow band.  Our outliers, and we’ve got a couple of outliers, certainly one would be the Northeast as you might expect. As Chris asked earlier, that winter weather certainly has been a boon for Northeast business and our Northeast business has performed quite well. Despite the interruptions with the nor easters that business has performed quite well.  On the flip we’ve got one of our businesses, one of our divisions in the mid-Atlantic area that would include Memphis, Richmond that part of the country. They’ve been hit hard again with winter disruptions and we’ve had a number of store closers DC closures. They are not equipped to handle the snow like they are in the Northeast. So that’s pretty much what we’ve seen through Q1. 
Paul Donahue: It’s a good question, perhaps let me think on that for just a minute. You are right to point out Smith and Merle's and we’ve had three or four others in the past number of quarters. It’s still holding fairly steady when you look at independent versus company stores, independence would acquire for better than two-thirds of our overall business. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I’ll take that one. Look the difference in between the European market place and the U.S. What we found, and again it’s early. But it’s very similar, we’ve got many of the same suppliers when you think about our large global supplier base, its folks like Bosh, NGates and SchaefflerKYB, NGK they supply us around the world.  The folks at AAG have a, they are more commercially oriented, much like we are here in the US. They have a blend of both company stores and independently owned stores. So the differences are really very subtle.  If you think about our growth outlook, one of the things that drew us to Europe and to AAG is we are very bullish on the growth opportunities in the future and we think that the consolidation that is taking place now in Europe will only accelerate and certainly we intent to be part of that consolidation. But at the same time our folks at AAG are seeing, are seeing good comp store growth as well. So we are very bullish on our future and with our European partners. 
Paul Donahue: And just as a reminder Mike, you know AAG was actually late last year. So that was not a 2018 acquisition. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, well certainly two different industries. I’ll make be touch on industrial first Mike and you are right, we are very optimistic. You know we had a terrific year last year with Motion and we have seen that continue on in the first quarter. Last year each quarter we were up 7%, first quarter this year we were up 8%. So they continue to rock along, PMI numbers, rig counts, industrial production, all are positive. Manufacturers are bullish right now about the U.S. and so we don’t see any slowdown in industrial.  Automotive, it’s a different industry, differ business, but we are optimistic about our U.S. automotive business as well. We think as I mentioned earlier that certainly this winter weather that we experienced in Q1, although I think being offset somewhat with business disruptions in Q1, I think we will see the benefit in Q2 and beyond and again, most of the fundamentals in automotive remain positive. So there is no reason we shouldn’t continue to grow our U.S. automotive business and get it back into those 3% to 4% comps that we historically have posted. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so Mike we have a sourcing office in China, we’ve had it for well over 10 years that services all of our businesses. The amount of volume rolling through that office as a percentage of our total is still a small percentage and a bit of that was in our office products business.  What I would comment on Mike is, you know as we now move into Europe and Australia and New Zealand continues to expand, as we look across our souring and our supplier base, you have really four different sources if you will. You have your U.S. exclusive suppliers, you have European exclusive suppliers, you’ve got global suppliers of which I’ve already listed a number of those and then you have of course Asian sourcing as you just mentioned.  We are working very closely with our team in Europe and working through that suppler base and that sourcing model and we think there is real opportunity for us to continue to build and to drive global synergies across all of our businesses. 
Paul Donahue: Well its, Jason I mean it’s early to comment on that, but what I would tell you is we need to get on with spring. I know you guys are getting some winter weather up there still in the northeast. We had – just last week we had over a foot of snow in the Midwest, many parts of the Midwest, that’s not great for our business. We are in the time of the year where farmers got to get out in the field and we do a ton of business with agriculture, fields are frozen, covered with snow. This is break season; the break season is now really being delayed. So look I think that business will come but it’s getting pushed out a bit because of this unseasonably cold winter weather in late March and April. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, it’s a good question Seth. When you look at our key product categories, I guess not surprisingly with a little more severe winter weather, batteries were our number one growth business and I would tell you it’s a little bittersweet because we had a good -- we had a really good quarter in batteries and we had some service interruptions early in the quarter that I think it even could have been better.  Our tool and equipment business was good, our hydraulics business was good, chemicals as you would expect performed quite well, so all of those categories were strong in the quarter. Where we saw some underperformers was around our under car business. So again going back to what I had mentioned earlier, when you get into March we generally consider the month of March as the kickoff of break season and with some of the weather that we had across the U.S., I think that’s going to get pushed out a bit. 
Paul Donahue: No, it certainly wouldn’t Seth but I just think that consumers are putting it off and it also certainly relates to, when you look at the categories performing well just as batteries it directly relates to failure. So I think just some of your maintenance categories are just going to get delayed, going to get pushed out a bit, and that’s regardless of whether it’s DIY or DIFM. I think that’s the case. 
Paul Donahue: Very similar, very similar to the U.S. and on that note Seth as I now give the weather report across the U.S. I can talk about Europe as well and we got hit hard. The UK was basically shutdown for two days in Q1 that impacted AAGs business. I think we would have seen, I don’t think – I know we would have seen even stronger numbers out of that team without that, but the weather patterns are very, very similar the U.S.
Paul Donahue: Well, and I didn't glean this directly from conversations with our major account customers. But as you look across some of the headwinds, Carolina you would have to, I mean certainly weather isn’t always going to be near the top of the list. But let’s face it, vehicles and parts are seeing less failure these days. Vehicles are much better made, the quality of vehicles are much better made and I think you are just seeing less failure.  But I do believe in the long run this major account business will bounce back. We don’t believe we are losing any market share with our key partners. We’ll continue to drive to try to grab a greater share of their spend. As I mentioned in our key growth pillars that is absolutely our first and foremost is grab a greater share of wallet. So the business is there for our teams. We just got to promise that we got to execute a bit better.
Carol Yancey: Yes so Chris, when we look at SG&A in the quarter and where our expectations were, so our core growth in U.S. automotive was not quiet where we thought it would be, much about what Paul mentioned earlier, what we saw certainly in March and then our business products division, their core growth was a little bit worse than what we saw.  So having said that, it’s Q1 and what we certainly, we look at the 300 basis point increase. Looking at, you got the deal costs in there, you got AAG, you’ve got increased interests in amortization and that would be about half of the increase. The rest is really from the lower core growth and payroll is the biggest driver there. So we look at our businesses and we look at headcount and we look at headcount being flat as an organization, but these wage pressures, the increases we are facing in fuel, I mean those are real dollars.  So the headwinds on wages and fuel are real and that was probably a little worse than we thought in the quarter and we mentioned the additional investments we are going to be making in IT and digital and certainly that was planned for. So where probably we were short was the lower core growth and then seeing the additional stronger wage pressures and increases in fuel and deliveries. 
Carol Yancey: Yeah, happy to take that. So gross margin was up 170 basis points in the quarter and I would tell you AAG was about 100 basis points, and the remaining amount is due to improvement on the industrial side and also slight improvement on the automotive side offset by declines in business products. The reason that AAGs gross margin is stronger and we’ve spoken to – sometimes we’ve have acquisitions, Asia-Pac in particular and now AAG that come in with a higher gross margin and higher SG&A, but these are comparable from an operating margin basis.  The big driver for AAG and I think we mentioned this early on when we made the acquisition, they have growth revenue that is more around slightly over $2 billion but the GAAP reported revenue, so growth billings will be much higher. The GAAP reported revenue is more like $1.7 billion. So when you look at the gross margin and the SG&A you are going to have higher gross margin by lowering your sales number. 
Carol Yancey: Well, I would tell you on SG&A when we look at our cost in SG&A and we’ve said as always at least two-thirds of our costs are payroll and payroll related. Having said that, when you look at facilities and a portion of the payroll being fixed, we are probably 55%-ish that we would say would be fixed, and that why when we talk about what we need to leverage, it keeps at that 3%ish growth in order to leverage. 
Carol Yancey: Now having said that, we are working hard to make sure that we are address our cost base and whether we look at rationalization of facilities, investments in productivity improvements, optimizing our fright and delivery, all these things to help take some of these costs that could be fixed to lower basis. 
Carol Yancey: Yes, so our gross margin on the U.S. automotive business was flat. We actually, I think this is our second quarter where we’ve seen flat to maybe just up slightly gross margin and we’ve talked about we are not seeing impact on our gross margin as it relates to price transparency. Having said that, we are looking and always trying to optimize gross margin dollars, we got several initiatives going on. So not really – again part of that gets back what Paul mentioned, being the next that we have of commercial versus retail too. 
Carol Yancey: So it was really minimal in the quarter. We talked about Smith Auto that was the one that Paul mentioned. In Europe there was eight single store acquisitions that are just small bolt on acquisitions, but really in the quarter its Smith Auto that we mentioned earlier.
Carol Yancey: Well actually, the comments that we have, I mean right now we are flat in automotive and what we would look for if we do have some inflation in the back half of the year to around a half a point, those increases would be passed along to customers. So it wouldn’t necessarily be a different there is product categories and how we pass that along. Because these would be increases of such that are passed along in the broad market; this is not something specific to us or to a certain supplier. So they would be broad market related. And quite honestly, that’s how the potential would be with tariffs or any of those changes is that it would be broad based.  So out of those we’ve got color on exactly what categories as we are going to come in, but we think about it in a much broader sense. 
Matt Fassler: Thank you so much and good morning to you. My first question just based on quantifying the impact of AAG to gross margin and I’m not sure whether that’s intrinsic marginrate and if it is that much higher, curious as to why or whether it’s just kind of P&L geography. I know we saw this popup to a smaller degree in Q4 when you only had ownership of that business for part of the quarter, but just so that we can model that appropriately over the next couple of quarters, if you could talk about why this is driving the reported gross margin so much higher. 
Matt Fassler: And is that breakeven higher today, given both some of the discretionary investments that you are making also you spoke about the backdrop in terms of wages and fright and obviously that something that everyone is coping with. Does that take that number above 3% or is 3% still, is leverage still at...
Matt Fassler: And then very quickly finally. So I think you said in the other line items, just to understand P&L geography of the dealer related costs. I think you broke out $13 million of cost, part of it in gross margin, part of in SG&A, in your initial comments. Then you also saw about $13 million in other line item. I just want to make sure, and I’m like just be in my own confusion that I understand where exactly that $13 million that we exclude, resides in your disclosure. 
Matt Fassler: Got you. So you broke it out on that divisional P&L and you just articulated it where it shows up on the consolidated P&L, that’s very helpful. 
