Carol Yancey: I would say that on the accounts payable that's primarily coming from auto and that would be the majority of what we have seen recently and what we expect to see, but I would also say all of our businesses have initiatives focused on it and it's something that all of our businesses are looking towards doing and have some improvement there. But I would say the majority of the increase is certainly coming from automotive.
Carol Yancey: We are not anticipating any purchase accounting adjustments to speak out for 2014. It was just a reminder, that we did have the large one time adjustment in the second quarter and then we had a smaller adjustment in Q3. So it's just a reminder about the choppiness due to the prior year numbers.
Carol Yancey: And I think just one of the things on the volume incentives, there was not really an impact on the quarter. Our volume incentives were basically flat compared to the prior quarter and we're modeling flat this year for 2014. So I think there are some other things that should come into play with our gross margin initiatives that we should get the improvement from those areas rather than just the sheer volume incentive.
Carol Yancey: Well traditionally, and we try not to base everything on this first quarter. So first quarter tend to be a low margin business especially on the automotive side, and we do have a better seasonality certainly with Asia-Pacific and what our first quarter is their winter, if you will, but we have the seasonality so on a full year basis we would point you more to looking at the full year margin numbers and so that's what we would expect to be on a full year. And we also looking for a 10 to 20 basis point improvement on a full year basis.
Carol Yancey: Right now, what we were saying is we are at 900 right now and we may; it's really going to depend on what opportunities may present themselves between now and the end of the year and certainly that could come in the form of the acquisitions or share repurchases. And honestly, we have to look at how our cash is going to be and our cash flow coming in. So it's really a balancing we made the level similar to last year. We were saying we may take it down a bit from the $900 million that it is first quarter. But we haven't rule out anything, because it's really we are going to look at it as things present themselves between now and the end of the year.
Carol Yancey: We do not break out the gross margins specifically to the segments. But what we would say is, that you took out the impact of Asia-Pacific for those quarter, our core gross margins were down about 10 basis points and that was really reflected in all of our businesses. And we said that was more of a customer and product mix and it is really representative of all of our businesses. And we would hope -- we have got some things in place and we hope to see that come back a bit between now and the end of the year. And we are kind of targeting at around 30% or just little bit better than that by the end of the year.
Carol Yancey: We did not do in terms of the actual revenue and the EBIT. One thing we did do is raise the bottom end of the automotive guidance, so we brought that up in five to six. But I think there were some other changes, some other headwinds in there. And honestly, currency is playing in there a bit too. So did not necessarily come about the way you did.
Carol Yancey: Well, we appreciate you attending our call today and we appreciate all the questions. And if we can be of further assistance, let us know. Otherwise, we look forward to reporting out after of second quarter numbers. Thank you for your support.
Paul Donahue: That's correct, yeah. Commercial and wholesale were up 8%. Our same store sales were up 8% and our retail business was up 9%.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Chris, this is Paul. Just to -- let me take the retail piece first. And I think I would start by telling you that, overall our team is performing at a higher level, executing at a higher level. We have done a lot of work in our stores. We reset our stores, re-merchandized and extended hours, better signage, better associate care on the floor for our customers and dedicated care on the floor. So I think all of that has a positive impact on our retail business. And we really saw that trend throughout the past year. You couple that with the harsh winter weather and that harsh winter weather that really drove we think some real emergency type repairs. An emergency type repairs, you got stuff breaking down right, so you got batteries that need to be replaced, wipers that need to be replaced, wipers that need to be bought, chemicals that need to be bought. We saw positive growth in every one of those categories throughout the quarter. So I would say really it's a combination. I think, one, our execution is better and then I think the harsh winter weather grow folks into our stores to get some emergency repairs done quickly.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Brian, this is Paul. A couple of things. One, it's kind of difficult to tell at this point but I would tell you that as far as your question on the Advance CARQUEST acquisition though. It's pretty early we are encouraged by the things that we are seeing happening in the fields but it's very early. And I can tell you that for the first quarter there was really no material impact on our numbers in the first quarter as a result of those two businesses coming together.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so for everybody is -- it seems to be pretty rational out there. We are certainly as Carol pointed out in her comments we are not getting any help from price increases, but it's rational.
Paul Donahue: Well it's hard to tell. Brian, we do have a good, better, best offering of products for sure on the marketplace. We promote all three, we push all three, we have seen bit more of a flight to value on recent years and I don't know that that's going to change to any effect going forward in '14.
Paul Donahue: Well, it get somewhat, Seth, and primarily, because some of our divisions and groups down in the south were impacted by the weather in the negative fashion, right. So we had some customer closure and store closures which certainly the folks of north deal with the weather a lot better than we did down here in the south.
Paul Donahue: Well the north divisions continue to as they were in the fourth quarter, Seth, continue to be strong operators for us absolutely, your assessment is correct.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, Bret, you are right, we saw certainly Q1 was big growth and batteries as we saw in Q4. Our chassis has a good first quarter as well. We are expecting that business to continue strong into Q2, you look at some of the potholes up in the northern part of the country I think there is going to be an opportunity for chassis for sure. As we look at our core categories breaks and filters, for example, with people now as the weather warrants up people get the cars into the base that's the business that we are expecting to see a nice ramp up here in Q2 and Q3.
Tom Gallagher: Scott, one of the thing I would just add is one of the things that we really find pleasing about the quarter in the automotive business is the consistency of the performance across all of the segments. I think our team did a terrific job of touching all the bases in this quarter.
Tom Gallagher: I'll take that, Greg, and I will comment on all of the businesses. Automotive showed consistency throughout the quarter; we saw some pickup in March. And then if we look at the other three businesses, one of the things that was a bit encouraging is that in each of those businesses we actually saw sequential improvement as the quarter progressed. And those businesses were prone to be hurt by the impact of weather, but March was a good month for us in all four other businesses.
Tom Gallagher: As you know, we do not break out that business separately. I think we would just believe that we continue to be very pleased with the job that that team is doing and we think that has got a very bright future.
Tom Gallagher: And I will try to answer that. In terms of how much of the business will we capture we've been named first call as you know. So that gives us the opportunity to fulfill all of their needs across the entire enterprise. And how much will we get, we are pretty optimistic that we are going to get a very high percentage of it. We do have the geographic coverage to support it. We have got the ability to handle all of that business and our intentions are to handle all of that business.
Tom Gallagher: And then, in terms of any pressures on the legacy business, we would not anticipate that. I think it may be important to point out that I don't believe that this was first and foremost a price decision on the part of Office Depot. I think price certainly was an element. But I think it is important to remember that we have had the Office Depot business for 20 years, and part of the reason I suspect that we might have got the nod is that we have done I think a pretty commendable job of handling that business from day one. So I think price is always a factor but the value add and the level of service and the level of support that you can provide is an important element as well, and I think we faired reasonably well in that over the past 20 years.
Tom Gallagher: Well I would try to take it. Paul may have something to add. I would say one, you are right that the vehicles are going to become more complex and they are going to require a higher level of training and sophistication to do the repair work in the years ahead. On the NAPA side, we have been anticipating this for several years now and we have got training programs for all of our commercial customers that if followed will enable them to do these repairs going forward. The other thing to keep in mind is that the aftermarket is a very, very large industry and you have got 251 million vehicles on the road today. And this new technology that comes in, it comes in on a gradual or evolutionary basis, not a revolutionary basis. So there is a multiyear opportunity for us to be prepared not only from the technical training point of view, but also from the supply chain point of view to handle demands of the vehicle in the future. So we actually see it is an opportunity. To your point, I do think that those on the repair side that for whatever reason are going to avail themselves of the training or aren't a position to buy some of the new diagnostic equipment and tools that will be needed they are going to be threatened. But at the same time, we think that good customers like our major account customers, our NAPA AutoCare customers, this is an opportunity for them to perhaps gather up some share as we evolve through the transition we are going to be going through.
Tom Gallagher: I think that's a fair assumption. And my comment about April was not just for automotive. That was also for other businesses as well.
Tom Gallagher: Well we did have an improved quarter organic growth wise. We did have an improved quarter around for the addition of some acquisition volume as well, but we did see some improvement organically and we also had the impact negative impact of the currency exchange in the quarter which was just over 1% in the industrial business. To the second part of your question. Our non-automotive business are hurt by the kind of whether that we experienced in the first quarter, because its business closures and we don't experience increased demand because of cold temperatures. We do get the benefit of increased demand on automotive offset by whatever number stores and customer locations that are closed, but it was a headwind in the quarter the weather was and that's behind us now. So we have got a degree of optimism for the reminder of the year.
Tom Gallagher: I will try to that and Carol can help, but I would say that we need approaching mid-single digit growth in those businesses. One of the offsets potentially to any volume instead a program is a fact that our team is doing a better job ever increasing better job on our inventory management. So I think Carol covered the inventory numbers overall but we are doing a better job and each of the business is on a continuing basis. So we run the businesses, we don't use the balance sheet to prop up the income statement. So if we can generate mid-single digit growth in any of these businesses and at the same time through better visibility and better technology hold inventories even that's what we are going to do; we are not going to push the inventories in order to try to qualify for any additional rebase that might be earned.
Tom Gallagher: I don't think that's part of our thought process currently. I think what we are comfortable with the way we are managing the product portfolio today.
Tom Gallagher: I don't think we plateau. So I think you will see a bit of improvement from here. As far as the first part of the question, this concept is not spread throughout the other businesses. So it's going to be more difficult and more time consuming to accomplish what we would like to accomplish in those businesses but I think we still have a little bit of headway yet in terms of bringing it up.
Tom Gallagher: We have had some positive results there, it's little early in the process, but there have been some movements, yes.
