Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our second quarter 2023 earnings conference call. We are pleased to report another solid quarter with record sales and double-digit adjusted earnings growth. Our second quarter once again highlights the value and benefit of our global automotive and industrial businesses and the mix and geographic diversity of our company which we believe are competitive advantages that differentiate GPC in the marketplace. A few highlights from our second quarter results include: Total sales of $5.9 billion, an increase of 5.6% from the prior year. Total company segment margin of 10.4% and an increase of 60 basis points from the same quarter last year. Earnings per share of $2.44, an increase of 10.9% from adjusted earnings per share last year, and our 12th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. And finally, we continue to maintain a strong balance sheet while generating solid cash flow to support our growth initiatives and capital allocation priorities. Our global team remains focused on the strategic initiatives we highlighted at our Investor Day in March. And we believe our One GPC approach is contributing to our strong financial performance. We compete in 2 very large and fragmented markets and see significant opportunities to grow our business, expand our margin profile and generate strong cash flow to support our strategic investments while delivering returns to our shareholders. As we continue to navigate a dynamic macro environment, we believe our focused execution, investments in our business and strong industry fundamentals, position GPC for long-term success. Looking at our Industrial segment, demand trends held solid through the second quarter, even as the rate of sales growth tempered a bit relative to the first quarter as we expected. Motion's growth rate on a 2-year basis continues to be exceptional. And while certain economic indicators have slowed, we believe our strong market share position, along with the diversity of our products, services and end markets bode well for our continued growth prospects. In addition, future reshoring opportunities and the growth of domestic manufacturing industries provide significant opportunity for Motion. And as you will hear from Will, our team's focus on productivity and efficiency is driving significant margin expansion in the Industrial segment. Our global automotive business continues to benefit from the broad geographic diversity of our markets. In addition, we believe our long history of supporting the DIFM customer segment which is 80% of our global automotive sales, positions us well as sales growth to DIFM customers continues to outpace DIY sales growth. During the second quarter, our international Automotive businesses delivered strong mid-single to double-digit growth, while our U.S. automotive business experienced low single-digit growth. The fundamentals of the automotive aftermarket remain favorable with trends such as increasing miles driven and aging and complex vehicle fleet, rising interest rates, and continued high prices for vehicles, all contributing to underlying demand. While the near-term environment remains dynamic, we are very pleased with our year-to-date performance. And with the strong earnings growth in the second quarter, we are once again raising our outlook for 2023 earnings per share, which Bert will discuss further. As we look forward, we remain confident in our strategic plans, and we'll continue to invest to strengthen our business and achieve both our near- and long-term financial targets while returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So in closing, I'd be remiss if I didn't highlight the outstanding work of our HR and IT teams in Q2 around our implementation of Workday. In early July, we completed the first phase of our implementation of the Workday HR platform in North America. Continuing to demonstrate the modernization of our system platforms and supporting our teams with the right tools and the right technology. Our HR and IT teams delivered an exceptional outcome, well ahead of schedule, showcasing the benefits of our One GPC talent and technology initiatives. So before I turn it over to Will, we want to thank each of our 58,000 GPC teammates for their hard work and continued dedication to serving our customers around the world.  So with that, I'll turn the call over to Will.
Paul Donahue: Thank you, Bert. Before we get into Q&A, we'd like to take a moment to acknowledge Sid Jones, who has announced his decision to retire from Genuine Parts Company after 33 years of service to the company. Sid has been leading our Investor Relations team since 2003 and today marks his 83rd quarterly earnings call at GPC in that role. We thank Sid his many contributions over the years and wish him and his family the very best in his retirement. Tim Walsh has been working closely with Sid and the team for over a year and will be named Head of Investor Relations on August 1st. We look forward to having Tim in his new role and now he will do an exceptional job for us.  So with that, we are now ready for your questions.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just tag on to that, that the fundamentals of the industry are still solid -- miles driven, going in the right direction as gas prices moderate a bit. New car sales being still a bit soft compared to historic numbers. And we're seeing the same across our international business as well. So as we reported our team in Europe had a phenomenal quarter, strong double-digit growth. Many of the fundamentals there, the same here across North America, rock solid. And our team in Asia Pac, Australia, New Zealand also had another really strong quarter. So fundamentals of automotive are still rock solid. And we certainly see improvement as we move forward through the back half of the year.
Paul Donahue: Daniel, I would just add to Will's comments, Randy has done a phenomenal job at Motion as you've seen in the numbers, and we expect that to continue because we've got a great leadership team at Motion. And as you know, every business, it's much bigger than one person.  I would say the same by U.S. automotive, Daniel. And I'm glad you asked the question because it gives me the opportunity to recognize that team. Kevin did a great job over the last few years of really bringing in a lot of new talent into the leadership group at U.S. Automotive. That team, I have 100% confidence, it is going to continue to drive improvements in U.S. automotive. And I have no doubt Randy will continue on with the good work that Kevin did by leading that team. So we're excited by the moves and look forward to the impact that Randy is going to have across both businesses.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thank you. And I just want to reiterate, we are super proud of our team, the way they continue to operate and in a challenging environment around the world. I'd also like to thank all of you for joining us today, and thanks for your combined and continued interest in Genuine Parts Company.  We'll look forward to hosting another call in the third quarter and report on our results. So we'll have another call on October 19th. In the meantime, stay cool and enjoy the rest of your summer. Thank you.
Herbert Nappier: Liz, it's Bert. I don't think you have on part to Q2 as the proxy for industrial for the full year. As you -- as we've commented, we see that industrial growth rate moderating here in the second half. Having said that, we still will get margin expansion for the full year on the Industrial segment. But we're thrilled with where the business performed in Q2 that 12.5% rate is a proxy for we can go long term as we shared at Investor Day, but we still have a lot of work to do to continue to grow that business and would use -- not use that as a proxy, but look to still see expansion of margin for the full year.
Herbert Nappier: Chris, it's Bert. Look, I think we had a great quarter here. In the past couple of quarters, I've given you the offsets for gross margin. We had a clean number this time around. We had no offsets from some of the things we've talked about in the past, whether it's inflation or mix. So we're just thrilled with the work that the team is doing and so important in this environment when we've got all the different economic pressures out there. So we've got a great focus on sourcing and getting the right inventory in the right place at the right time. We also have great work happening on pricing across all of the business. And so that 110 basis point improvement for the quarter up to 36.1%, I think is a reflection of really, really hard work.  We're going to continue to stay focused on gross margin expansion through those 2 prisms, through pricing and sourcing. I'm not going to call the bulges yet on where that number can ultimately end up. As I said in my prepared remarks, we're more bullish on where it can be for this year. We had originally been planning for 20 to 40 basis points of improvement, and we've got that to 30 to 50 basis points. Within that, again, benefit from the execution of our strategic initiatives. We do have a little bit of a benefit modeled in for ocean freight, which we see turning positive for us here in the second half. So those are the 2 things I'd call out with really no foreseen at this point impact from either FX or inflation or mix.
Herbert Nappier: Scot, it's Bert. I'll take that one. Look, we did have an increase in the corporate expense as a result of the 2 items you noted, one on the stock comp true-up and the other on the cost actions. The other thing contributing to corporate, and this is a little obscured in the 10-Q, but if you take a chance to read through the 10-Q, you get some good color on that either from the first quarter or the one that will be filed later today.  We transferred some functions at the beginning of this year into the corporate environment that we felt were better suited to be run on a more consolidated basis, one of them being cyber security and our work around cybersecurity globally. We did a little bit of that related to some of the finance functions and also our management of our product liability cases and litigation. When we did that, we actually got a benefit so far this year in terms of being ahead of where those items were being spent last year. But it did create a transfer left pocket, right pocket, which makes the corporate number look a little bit bigger. We're still guiding for the year of corporate expense in the $300 million to $325 million range. Longer term, we target for that to be about 1% of revenue. It's up this year because of those transfers and we'll look up for the full year. But like I said, we're already seeing the benefit of the move of centralization by streamlining those functions and seeing them operate at a lower cost rates than they had in the past.
Herbert Nappier: Yes, it's pretty small there, Scot. I mean we're talking about costs totaling year-to-date, $29 million in the aggregate. So it's a pretty small move. It stands out at corporate a little bit bigger because of the size and scale of the corporate expense line. But it's very negligible at the segment level.
Herbert Nappier: Yes. Bret. I'll take that one, it's Bert. On inflation, I'll kind of start at a high level. As we expected, we saw inflation moderate again in Q2, and I think really falling in line with our original thinking as we started the year, monetary policy in the U.S. and around the world, I think it's having its desired effect. You can see that in the U.S. CPI data. Just to reiterate, for the quarter -- second quarter inflation with low single digits all up for GPC, mid-single digits in auto, and low single digits for industrial. That industrial number has stayed pretty consistently in that low single-digit range for the year. Auto ticked down from high single digit to mid-single digit. And then on the whole, GPC has ticked down from mid-single digit to low single digits. So really falling right in line with what we thought when we started out the year. We're seeing some inflationary pressure on operating expenses, particularly in wages, and that was in my prepared remarks. That's sitting in the mid-single-digit range right now. It's probably the most pronounced impact in the business, but we're managing it. We're doing all the right things and taking some actions to try to offset that. And I think that's not a GPC-specific comment, it's a comment that all businesses are facing with wage pressure and inflation and wages.  As we look ahead, we think inflation will continue to moderate throughout 2023. And I think policy will continue to have its desired effect. Auto will tick down from high single digits to start the year to low single digits to close out the year. And industrial is going to bounce along that low single digits for the full year. We'll see GPC close out in the aggregate from a mid-single digit to a low single-digit. So it's not a one-size-fits-all for our business segments, but hopefully, that gives you a little color on how we're thinking about the rest of the year. And that's all factored into our guidance and our update to the guidance for the year.
Herbert Nappier: Yes. Actually, you did interpret it wrong. But let me back it up and maybe pull it up and give a little color on guidance in general, and I'll work my way back down to segment margins. As you can expect, we're pleased with the first half performance on an overall basis, allowed us to raise our outlook again for the year this time by $0.20 to the $9.15 to $9.30.  And in doing that, we see some upside in industrial profitability versus our previous expectations, the international automotive business, which is about 50% of the segment revenue for global automotive, we see some upside. And then obviously, we've taken up our gross margin performance expectations. That guidance delivers EPS growth with a midpoint of 10.6%, and that's putting us in a position to expect our third consecutive year of double-digit earnings growth, which in this environment, is, we think, pretty impressive. On a growth basis, top line, we had exceptional '21 and '22. We still see strong growth but moderated growth to mid-single digits overall for this year. And that really, as we look at a pretty choppy macro environment and difficult to interpret we're keeping an eye on some of these things that are out there, whether it's inflation, monetary policy, interest rates, the political landscape globally and foreign currency.  So we're keeping a close eye on all of that. We balance that against confidence in our own business. Paul talked about strong industry fundamentals. We've got some great cash flows that allow us to invest in our business. And taking that all together, while it's a little bit more cautious, we do have a lot of confidence in GPC. A few details just to remember, again, gross margin, we've ticked up to 30 to 50 basis point increase expectation versus our original 20 to 40 basis points.  On segment margins, we're looking for those to be up for the full year, 20 to 40 basis points. That's expansion again. We do think industrial will be up for the year. So just to clarify, Industrial will be up for the year, but not using the 12.5% for Q2 of the proxy. Industrial segment margin will outpace automotive, but we believe automotive will be in a position to recover here in the second half, as Will outlined. The only point I would call out on just a headwind is SG&A. We will see deleverage as we expected for the year 30 to 40 basis points, which is consistent with our original expectations. So all that together allowed us to take our guidance up for the year slightly better on international auto, industrial profit conversion and better gross margin expectations.
Herbert Nappier: Yes, sure. Look, on the top line, I think we've been consistent pretty much throughout the year with our initial outlook on the top line guide. And we've just basically done what we said we would do on both with the 4% to 6%. As we look at the rest of the year through de-comping and trying to get a little bit more color on global automotive I would say that the international automotive will continue to outpace the U.S. We'll expect it to be on the higher end of our comp range. We'll expect the U.S. to be on the lower end.  So the international is a bit on the higher end, you probably get a little bit of improvement from FX to your point, but that's kind of how we're thinking about those things. And look, in the U.S. automotive business, as Will has highlighted, there's more potential there. But we are being a little bit conservative on how we think about the rest of the year and how that business recovers and continues to improve over the second half. On industrial, I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about the industrial side. They've had a fantastic first half. But as we expect in the second half, moderates a bit to low single digits in the second half versus high single digits in the first half, which gives you the 4% to 6% for industrial. But even with that low single-digit. As I've said a couple of times, we will see some nice margin expansion for the full year in the Industrial segment. So hopefully, that reconciles that and squares the circle for you.
Herbert Nappier: Yes. I'm not sure I would have interpreted that way. I'll just reiterate kind of what we're thinking. As we look at the 4% to 6% for the back half for automotive. We've had consistent growth throughout the year on the 4% to 6% range. We expect that for the next 2 quarters, full year automotive at 4% to 6%. International on the higher end and U.S. automotive on the lower end of that range, and I think we'll just leave it there.
William Stengel: Yes, Chris, happy to walk you through, and I'll maybe just kind of walk through some of the comments that we had in the prepared remarks. But so for U.S. automotive, April and May, as you noted were the stronger months in the quarter, low single-digit growth. The first half of June, in fact, was a solid start to the month, and we saw a tapering towards the end of the month that left June to be flattish, which puts together the 2 and then the 1 comp for the quarter, U.S. Automotive. We have seen an improvement to start the month in July. Obviously, we've had some extreme heat that is going to have a positive impact and -- while it's probably early to call the whole month, we're encouraged by the positive momentum plan to build on that through the quarter.  As Liz just asked, we saw outperformance and do-it-for-me versus retail, both growing in positive directions. And we continue to be bullish about our fleet and government segment, which we mentioned in the prepared remarks, that grew nicely in the quarter. Good strength in filters, batteries and fluids, which are important categories for us. So we're excited about some of the things we're doing from a merchandising standpoint in those categories.  And I think it wasn't a total surprise to us given the weather patterns in the second quarter that some of our heating and cooling categories didn't perform the way we expected them to, just given. It wasn't an overly warm second quarter in the aggregate for the U.S. market. But we're excited about what we're working on in the business. Obviously, we think we've got more potential than we showed in the quarter. We're excited about Randy's leadership now in place here for the first couple of weeks. He's been out in the field working with the teams. I think there's a lot of energy and positive momentum there. Gross margin, as Bert talked about, continues to be a great piece of execution, both on the pricing and sourcing side of the house. Also very proud of the team and their quick adjustments to all things cost. So they're operating with a lot of intensity and focus. And importantly, we're investing in the business for the long term. So making sure that we're balancing near-term actions with long-term potential. So in the aggregate, a lot to be proud about the team. We're going to continue the grind and push through the second half of the year, but proud of what we're working on.
William Stengel: Yes, Scot, we don't think there's any share shifts. We always study the analytics. We use third-party independent information. We look at it by category and feel good about where we are. We act on that data every week and every month. We review it as a team and feel good about where we are. So no, we don't think that there's share loss happening here. We have specific strategies by category that we're executing against. And so the story can be quite different at a category level, but that's part of the science and art of all things, category management. So really proud of what the teams are working on. And as I said, we use independent data to keep ourselves honest to make sure that we're winning in the marketplace.
William Stengel: We really don't see a material difference across our regions. We've got 5 regions. The growth rates are not materially different. There's always region specific customers and dynamics. But as I said in my prepared remarks, we saw a recovery in the Northeast and West, which we planned and expected based on their slow start driven by weather, we saw that come to bear. And for the second quarter, though, by themselves, there's not a material difference by region.
William Stengel: Bret, the good news is Randy is not on the call with us, but that's a tough question for him to answer. He loves both these businesses now. He's been out in the field and has a ton of energy and excited about the opportunities in front of us. So...
William Stengel: Well, I would just say, operationally, what the teams are working on is incredibly helpful in this environment as it has been for the last couple of years, hence, the investment and focus on it. And more importantly, the teams globally are learning from each other. And so I think in one of our previous calls, we've talked about all the great work that's happening in U.S. automotive. We're sharing that work over in Europe.  And so these are some of the benefits of working together as a team and sharing all the learnings from an environment that's very similar around the world and gross margin performance in the total company. I think, is a good data point to suggest that we're having some success. So it's an important part of distribution business and it's especially important part of navigating this environment, and we're going to continue to get better at it and invest in it so that we can make the right decisions for our customers.
William Stengel: Yes, Greg. So I don't -- it's not as simple as minus 4% because we got to do it for me in retail. So you've got a distinction on transactions there. So do it for me, positive transaction and price, do it yourself as expected, transactions down tick it up. So in the aggregate, that's a little bit more noisy than just the minus 4%. On the other parts of the business, the AutoCare business continues to perform well. Obviously, our value prop with that segment is incredibly important and it's a challenging time. So partnering with them to make sure that they're being productive and navigating the environment. So that was a part of the business that performed to our expectations.  Major accounts is a very customer-specific book of business. So there are some pockets of strength in that book of business as well as some areas of opportunity. I would reinforce our philosophy here that it's really important that we think about partners and growing our business through the medium term in a profitable way. And so I think we're going to bring a lot of discipline and rigor to thinking about the trade-offs between profitable share and not in our major account business. So in the aggregate, a bit of a mixed story, but positive in total.
William Stengel: Yes. Thanks for the question. Look, I think, as I said in my prepared remarks, Randy is a proven leader. He is well understood by our organization and brings a lot of relevant expertise to the NAPA business. As we've talked about often, at the end of the day, these are distribution businesses. And while -- they obviously have a different customer and product catalog. The value creation initiatives are all the same. And so Randy's progress and momentum and building a great team there at Motion that is incredibly deep, I think, it's all relevant and has spoken for itself in terms of the performance. And so I think it's more about how do we quickly build on the momentum of the business. And I think Randy brings is a great opportunity to do that.  So I don't think it's operationally, meaning that we're putting the 2 business. In fact, I know it's not. We're not putting the businesses together, but I think it's just going to allow us to be a little bit more efficient and at pace to work together as kind of a One GPC team, which is a philosophy that we've been talking about as an organization. And I think an advantage that we have, given the similarities of all the initiatives that we're doing around the world to go at pace and drive impact faster than perhaps if we were not together as a company.
William Stengel: I think the comment that we made in the first call was true. In April, we did accelerate from the March performance. And as you articulated, and as I think we said, April and May were close to each other in this quarter and then June was the deceleration, and we called it flattish. So call it low single digit, low single digit, flattish for the quarter.
William Stengel: I'm not sure I'd go that far. I would say, first and foremost, this part of the business is always discussing price, obviously, because they're big scale accounts. So I wouldn't say that those types of discussions are more intense today than they were before. I think we're just bringing a fresh perspective to making sure that our value prop is being appreciated. And we're also doing work with smaller regional "major accounts" that we can really drive a lot of value with given all the capabilities that we bring to them. So I think it's just a stepped-up level of focus and strategic discipline about taking care of our customers.
Daniel Imbro: Sid, I'll add my congratulations to the group. Well deserved -- working together. Well, I want to start on the U.S. auto side, maybe taking a step back from the quarter, just more strategically, obviously, with the promotion of Randy to the new responsibility, can you talk about what's the strategy is there, maybe bringing Motion and auto under singular leadership rather than kind of running separately. Is that a reflection of running the businesses closer together? Is that just a personnel decision? Can you talk to me about how you view that? And you mentioned some early positive internal response. Can you share any more color on what that's been.
Daniel Imbro: And then follow up on the automotive guidance, not to get too into it, but trying to reconcile the 4% to 6% comp guide and the 4% to 6% total revenue guide on the automotive side. I think FX rates just as we sit today are at least a few points better than what you initially guided. So trying to reconcile how that wouldn't be more of a tailwind. Are you hedging out some of that translational benefit in the back half? Or is the right interpretation, it will be more FX benefit? And maybe lighter organic growth just within that same guidance range. Just trying to square away how FX rates can change the guide, kind of gets maintained.
Daniel Imbro: Just one follow-up on the comp guide. You just mentioned you called the back half conservative on the outlook. But in the U.S., you're calling for an acceleration. Inflation is moderating. So clearly, you're implying traffic is going to further accelerate to get the total comp up. I guess, what are the specific buckets? Or what are you looking at in the business that gives you guys the confidence that the traffic will be ultimately accelerating from here through the back half of the year to get that acceleration towards the low end of the 4% to 6% comp guide in the U.S.
