Mark Becks - JPMorgan: I guess just to start off on the automotive side. Looking at your guidance of 8% sales growth, by my calculations it looks like it's sort of like a 3%-ish number in sales growth for NAPA in 4Q. Maybe just trying to get an update on how you are thinking about the automotive trends. Obviously they are still very solid, but you are lapping some pretty impressive comparisons, so maybe what you are seeing in the business now. Thank you.
Mark Becks - JPMorgan: And then on the gross margin side, a little bit of a headwind there. Can you elaborate a little bit on what caused the pressure there? Is there any change in the promotional activity going on in the category? Is that maybe some acquisition related impact? Thank you.
Mark Becks - JPMorgan: And then just a follow-up to the margin comment. On the industrial side, presumably you might have hit some vendor rebates kicking in with the big acceleration there, maybe where that’s coming from and the sustainability of that. It looks like incremental margins were kind of mid-teens maybe historically what you've seen with incremental margins on the industrial side. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: I will try to answer that. The guidance would suggest some modest deceleration. However, as you pointed out, the comps are getting a bit more challenging. And we also don’t know what the early winter weather impact we may get this year. As far as the current trends, we would say that we are pleased with what we see in automotive specifically in the beginning or the early days of the fourth quarter. And I might say that that same comment would hold true for the other businesses as well. We are early in October, but we do like what we see at this point.
Tom Gallagher: The margin, as I think we mentioned in the last call, the margin is being impacted a bit by the customer mix and the product mix that we see across our businesses. And as you know, the larger the customer in any of our businesses, the greater the discount that they receive. So the margin compacts some. However, the offset to that is the greater the volume, the more leverage that we can get. So in the quarter, our gross margin was down 18 basis points, but our SG&A was down 29 basis points, so we did have a positive 11 basis point improvement in our operating margin. So that’s the primary thing that’s happened. If we look at it on the product side, we see nice growth in a couple of areas that Paul mentioned. Certainly our heavy duty business was up and that’s a little bit lower gross margin, but higher ticket values. The same thing would be true on tools and equipment in the automotive. If we look at the office products business, I mentioned that our technology products were up, again higher ticket value, but lower margin. So I think they would be the primary contributing factors.
Tom Gallagher: As it turns out, I actually was involved in that business stack then. And I think our primary emphasis would be in North America, in Australasia and potentially South East Asia and then also into more in Mexico and Latin America. Not to the exclusion of Europe, but that would be down the list. We think there may be other opportunities for us in these other areas that might be more attractive.
Tom Gallagher: We mentioned five, I think it was five categories or customer segments that we’ve enjoyed a little bit stronger growth than the overall, and they pretty much follow what you’re seeing happening in the economy. If you look, automotive is a strong segment for us right and you see what’s happening with new vehicle sales. Lumber and wood products and the mining and aggregate are both fairly strong for us and we think that may follow what’s happening with construction, both housing as well as commercial construction. So I think we’re following the overall trends within the economy. The external indices, industrial production capacity utilization, they’ve actually been fairly strong for a number of months now. And it’s been our expectation that we would see some improvement in our sequential growth rates and I think we’re just now beginning to experience some of that. And then one other thing I might add is that in prior calls I think we’ve mentioned that we keep track of what we would call project work, which is work that our manufacturing customers are planning to do where they may take a line down or they may do a complete refurbishment. And to the best of our ability, we try to quantify what that might be and we follow the patterns on that end for a period of time. What we saw is a relatively consistent dollar amount of project work. But to take out on that was not flowing as it had historically. We had seen some deferrals, some delays and we’re beginning to see some of that work being done now. So that’s probably contributing a bit to the overall growth rates as well.
Tom Gallagher: Bret, I’ll try to answer that. And I would say that it was more weighted toward the day in and day out needs than it was the project work. We were pleased to see some increased activity on the project work, but the overall growth rates were more driven by a good, steady demand from ongoing operations.
Tom Gallagher: I think the best way we could answer that would be to point to our NAPA AutoCare on our major account business. Paul referenced in his comments that we’ve enjoyed nice growth again this quarter and we’ve had a number of really good quarters there. And I think those results would indicate that there has been a bit of share gain with those customers or a share gain by those customers, whichever, and I think we’re benefiting from that. I don’t know if there is more that Paul might want to add to that.
Tom Gallagher: Yes, it continues. The dollar continues to be quite strong vis-à-vis other currencies. So that continues to be an issue for those customers of ours, primarily capital goods type customers who are shipping and selling product into some of these other markets. And then you combine that with a general malaise in the global economy and you’ve got a combination of maybe a bit softer demand and the higher dollar that causes some compression for some of those customers.
Tom Gallagher: Maybe we’ll take them in reverse order, Matt. The demand was actually encouraging, especially from the independents and there has been a lot of work going on by our office products team to work with independent owners to help them improve their position in their respective marketplaces and I think that’s a partial contributor to results that we saw. Additionally, we had seen some slowdown in governmental spending, as a general statement, and that has a ripple effect on a number of our independent customers and we saw that improve some over the last two quarters. So, that’s been a contributor as well. As far as looking out a little bit, we’re encouraged by what we’ve seen on the independents side and the expectation is that it should continue to generate reasonably good growth for us over the next quarter or two for sure. It's hard for us -- moving on to the question on the incremental volume from Office Depot and Office Max, it's hard for us to be able to extrapolate that very precisely. I can tell you that the aggregate volume is running very much in line with what we thought it would be and what the Office Depot folks thought it would be. So, we’re very pleased with what we see in the early days and I think it's a reflection of the combined entities, but it's also, I think, a reflection on some improved demand for the combined entity today and I think they're doing a pretty good job.
Tom Gallagher: Matt, excuse me for a minute. If you aggregate those three things that Paul just mentioned, that pretty much accounts for the delta between the 4.4% increase that we had and the 6% comp store.
Tom Gallagher: No. And you are right. The business set was not highlighted in Paul’s comments is running up, but it's running up low single digit, and it is the unaccounted for, it's the all other in our commercial business.
Tom Gallagher: Well December was, if I recall -- I don’t have it right in front of me, Seth. But if I recall, that was the strongest month of the quarter because we were getting the benefit of some of that cold weather flow through.
Tom Gallagher: Scot, I will take the first half of that. In terms of the delta, we wouldn’t want to quantify that, but we would go back to what Paul said and that is that all of the geographic areas had positive growth for us in the quarter but, some are stronger than others with the West being on the bottom end of that. And in terms of the impact of the drought. You are right about something like wiper blades, but it goes a whole lot further than that when you think that California for instance is a big agricultural state and the impact that the drought has on the crops there, that impacts not only demand from the agricultural concerns, but it impacts the truckers who hold that product, that impacts the processors who process the product. So it has a pretty long tale in terms of how it can influence demand. A lot of the workers in the ag community may not have quite as much disposable income. It can affect a retail business. So it’s a significant factor.
Tom Gallagher: I think the right way is the long tail. When we talk about the competition, it's all of the companies that you would know. We are all located in those respective markets. Now there will be some specialists as well. But for us, for the product that we are selling, the primary competitors would be our peer group and the companies that you are well aware of.
Tom Gallagher: No. In terms of our business over there, it's performing really well. We will in fact expand it outside of those countries.
Tom Gallagher: In Europe what we saw was we had our doubts about how long it would take for the common market on the the EU to actually come into being. And number two, how successful would it be over the long-term. We didn’t have any insights beyond anybody else’s, but I think current situation might suggest that we were asking appropriate questions back then. Back then you didn’t have the common currency that you have today, but you have got different languages, you have got different rules of law, you’ve got different methods of approaching the business. And our feeling at the time was that we would continue to be successful, but it was going to be a much tougher slog than what we were accustomed to. And keep in the mind also we had just acquired S. P. Richards and Motion Industries and we had been approached someone who wanted to buy our business and we felt we could repatriate the money and invest it in S. P. Richards and in Motion and do a better job for the shareholder and I think that that has proven to be the case for the most part.
Carol Yancey: So Mark on the gross margin on the industrial, what we would say is certainly with their core growth coming back a bit, we’re seeing some of the volume incentives come back, but I would say it’s really more trending in line with what their sales increases are. It was primarily more their cost savings and the leverage that came through on that for the industrial side.
Carol Yancey: I guess just to comment on -- so a couple of things on the margin. While we were able to see -- what we’re seeing there, and again you’re seeing it in total, so there is some gross margin pressure, but you’re seeing our improvement on SG&A and that really applies to all of our segments. And I think where we’re seeing the improved top line growth, we’re able to really see that push through on the SG&A line. So where we are more on the nine months year-to-date basis, and when you look at what our margins are up for each of our segments, we’re still going to really hope to keep the 10 to 20 basis point improvement for each one of those and a little bit greater than that in the electrical., but I think maintaining where we are at through the nine months and looking for just a continued 10 to 20 basis points for each of the segments.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, I'll get back on that. So on the automotive, I think Paul already gave you that number. And the industrial, it was a negative 1%. And then really no impact on office or electrical to speak of. And then in total it was 0.5% in total.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Just to be clear, so that other net line, which is including the interest and the intangible, we gave guidance of 90 million to 95 million for the full year. That’s been running at about 25 million each quarter and we’re at 74 million year-to-date. So, the things that are going in there, I mean you certainly have some increase in some of the costs that we’ve talked about for some time, so legal professional insurance, we have some of our corporate, be it shared services, it could be IT, payroll benefits, depreciation on corporate assets, it’s pretty consistent quarter-over-quarter. We also have -- there would be some things that are sort of non-recurring or we have some unusual items, like we mentioned the $4 million retirement benefits adjustment that was unfavorable. So, we didn’t change it a whole lot, but we’re looking at more of a 90 million to 95 million for the full year.
Carol Yancey: Okay. Well I’ll take the cash flow one. So you’re right, we did probably tweak that a little bit. I would tell you we’ve had two outstanding cash flow years the last two years. We feel really good about cash from operations at around 900 million. But we didn’t have quite -- I mean we feel good about the numbers, we feel like there is improvement going ahead, but we just felt like it was time to firm that up just a bit. I would say the change was really in the working capital area, kind of a combination of AR and AP. The folks are doing a really good job in inventory. But I think I could say we felt like it was time to kind of firm that up a bit. And I think on your margin question, again I would just point to where we kind of are on a year-to-date basis. And I think where we can maintain our SG&A improvement between now and end of the year, I think you’re going to see the segment margins that we have year-to-date that would basically continue for the end of the year.
Carol Yancey: Well I would tell you on the AR, it's really across all of the businesses. And I think we talked about where we had some of these larger accounts and associated with some of those larger accounts, they may have slightly different terms. So what we are able to do is get those same terms back through our vendors. But I think we also have some acquisitions that are also flowing into that and we are trying to integrate the acquisitions in. So the thing is with our accounts receivable the quality of it is outstanding. We have no concerns there. It's just making sure that we are getting all the AR in line to be slightly less than our sales increase and that’s what all of our internal teams are focused on.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank everybody for their participation on the call and we thank you for your interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to reporting out in February on our fourth quarter earnings. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: No. Tom hit on it, Bret. Those two businesses, as we’ve discussed before, continue to perform well and show no real signs of slowing. So I would think with the kind of growth rates that we’ve seen, high single digit out of our AutoCare group this past quarter and low double digits out of our major accounts., we’re very pleased with that performance and our team's really got to go on all cylinders.
Paul Donahue: As we’ve seen a good bit this year, Bret, out West and certainly when we always like to talk about weather, certainly the drought has impacted, we believe, some of our customers out there both on the installer side as well as some of our independent owners. So that would be absolutely one that would stand out.
Paul Donahue: No, you hit on it, Matt. Just to reemphasize, the 6% same store sales number that we mentioned, that’s reflective of our U.S. company owned store base. There is a combination of factors this past quarter that impact the overall number. We had a sales return adjustment that we've contended with as well as a couple of store consolidations, and certainly as you mentioned, the FX impact as well.
Paul Donahue: It’s certainly a combination of both. Our teams are executing extremely well in the field, Mike, and you’ve got -- when you look at the major account business, and you mentioned, it’s continued growth with our existing plus some wins along the way. And when you combined them both and then you combined it with the strong execution in the field, our team continues to do a great job.
Paul Donahue: Yes. We talked about this in the last call, Seth. And if you think back, that was in July and we mentioned that early July we saw some softer numbers coming out. That's started to strengthen in the second half of the month. And our numbers firmed up as the quarter progressed, so we’re I’d say pleased with the way the quarter came about.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. And I would also just mention, Seth, last year Q4 was when we really saw our business start to come on strong. And so our total Q4 last year, we’re plus 7% same store sales.
Paul Donahue: That one is up upward delegation right there, Mario. No, the structural -- it would be getting at it was my comment about the... 
