Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Reflecting on 2017, our 90th year of operation, we had a number of accomplishments and milestones that better position the company for sustained long-term growth. We surpassed $16 billion in total sales for the first time in our company history. We expanded our global footprint with 15 strategic acquisitions across both existing and new markets adding $2.1 billion in annual revenues. In automotive, we acquired Alliance Automotive Group entering the European market with significant size, scale, and talent. In industrial, we expanded our presence in the growing robotic sector while also acquiring 35% of Australasia's leading industrial distributor. We made significant IT investments to improve our digital capabilities and enhance our B2C online offerings across North America and Australia. We made progress in managing our cost to drive savings at a lower cost structure resulting in improved operating margin in the fourth quarter. We generated solid cash flows returning $569 million to our shareholders in dividends and share repurchases. And finally, yesterday our board approved a 7% increase in the 2018 dividend, our 62nd consecutive year of increased dividends paid by the company. So, we enter 2018 excited for the opportunities ahead and well prepared to build on our accomplishments. We also have the added benefit of a generally strong economy across most of our global markets as well as future savings associated with tax reform. In addition, we believe tax reform has the potential to drive additional growth in US investment and the economy overall further benefitting US companies including GPC, our GPC associates and our key stakeholders. So, in closing, we look forward to operating with three primary business segments in 2018. By group our projected revenues will break down as 57% automotive, 33% industrial and 10% business products. We are market leaders in each of these segments and will continue to focus on both organic and acquisitive sales to drive long term sustained revenue growth. We also moved forward with plans an initiative to enhance our gross margins, reduce our cost and build a highly productive and cost-effective infrastructure. We expect our focus in these key areas to improve the operating performance in each of our businesses and for the company overall and ultimately maximizing shareholder value. We look forward to updating you on our progress again in April when we report on our first quarter 2018 results. So, with that we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I'll be happy to take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Happy to address it Bret. We didn't talk about it specifically, but the cadence for the quarter for GPC a little slower out of the gates in October but we had a good November and a good December both. So, when you have the three up, it equated to a 5% overall increase. Our automotive business and I know specifically of interest to you was the kind of in a similar pattern a really good November and an okay December. If we look across the geography Bret, where we are seeing outperformance in Q4 was in our northern division. So, for us that's the northeast, the central, mid-west in the mountain. Those northern divisions all performed well, a little softer growth in the southern what we would call our southern divisions. But certainly, see a nice growth in the northern regions and what's part of that you have to attribute to the weather patterns.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, it's a little early yet Bret. Actually, our team had a number of meetings last week over in Europe with our global supplier base, and as you would imagine many of our top suppliers in the west, our top suppliers to us in Europe and Australasia for that matter so great companies like [indiscernible] Baash, Gates and Scheffler, Axalta, Delphi they are strategic suppliers for us across all of our markets right now. And yes, we think there's opportunity in a number of areas but honestly, it's just a bit early yet.
Paul Donahue: Well, as we look into 2018 and certainly Chris as you would imagine this cold weather, we expect to ultimately be a nice boost for us. Our comps as you mentioned for 2017 were in the 1% range and for 2018, we were expecting still in the 1% to 3% range and certainly, our teams are going to be pulling every lever to get us to the top end of that range. It's early yet, and again I think this colder weather as reflected in the strong performance we're seeing in our northern divisions, I think longer term that's going to give a boost to our US automotive business.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, I would just make a comment. I want to appreciate you calling out Motion. Motion had a very good year across the board. They had essentially 7% increases every quarter last year. We're excited about our acquisition, investment in Australia, basically the motion industry industries of Australia with the Inenco Group and look forward to expanding that investment in the coming 12 to 24 months. We're very bullish on our industrial business. If you look at all the key indicators from the PMI, industrial production there is no reason we shouldn't see another good year out of our industrial business in 2018.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris for Q4 we saw about two full points of gap between our northern businesses and our southern business. And if you look at Q3, that gap was even more narrow it was closer to a point in Q3. But look the November numbers that we saw and we had good month in November, that also happen to be the coldest month in Q4. So, once again there is a direct correlation in our U.S. automotive business tide to the weather pattern. So again, we're bullish looking ahead at some of this winter weather that we're seeing, we'll be positive for our U.S. business in 2018.
Paul Donahue: That's a great question, Chris, and I would tell you that our energy markets and specifically our southwestern division, they had a good quarter, they outpaced the balance of our southern division. So if you think -- I mean, when we talk about our southern divisions, we're stretching coast to coast and the southwest and our energy markets absolutely outperformed the balance of our southern divisions.
Paul Donahue: And we've got a really high performing management team at motion and if the right opportunities come along on the acquisition front we will absolutely step into them and continue to look at tuck-ins and bolt-ons for our motion team. But that team we expect to have another really good 2018 and I would just add to Greg, welcome back, it's good to hear your voice again.
Paul Donahue: I'm sorry, I didn't catch it the first time but I understand what you're asking now. And absolutely if we absorb raw material increase and that our suppliers come to us with increases we will absolutely pass those along and don't anticipate any lag period between us accepting those price increases and us passing those increases along. That said Carolina, we with our scale now in Europe, Australasia and of course, across North America, we are evaluating all of our global supplier base and as the question was asked earlier, we've got some great global strategic suppliers that we'll give every opportunity to partner with us as we move forward. But in terms directly to your question, we will absolutely pass along any price increases that we've received.
Carol Yancey: And Bret, we do see opportunities from a working capital standpoint. We've already been in discussions and started programs with our banks that would be able to include our European operations. And so, all discussions that we're having we look at it from a comprehensive wide program including the working capital side.
Carol Yancey: We don't but I can tell you and looking at and giving you what was improved guidance and cash from operations and free cash flow, we've contemplated some improvement in there. But won't specifically break that out.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would point out on the gross margin. So, look there was in the Q4 probably two-thirds of that 30 basis points related to incremental rebase and primarily in our industrial group. The other 10 basis points is the core improvement. We had some favorable mix shift and some automotive product categories in the quarter as far as how the category has performed as well as Motions for business. To say that's not sustainable, I mean look, we're modelling similar core growth for industrial going into 2018 and looking for similar margin improvement. So, we would have to assume that that would stay in the numbers and we actually feel pretty good about gross margin. We were really pleased to see the Q4 opportunities and the trends that presented themselves.
Carol Yancey: Look. One other thing I'd point out Chris and with AAG and the acquisition, I mean we're going to have sometimes acquisitions come in with a little different gross margin and SG&A, but you have similar operating margins. But you've seen us, like I said we had some good improvement in the quarter and I hope we can sustain being around that 30% or slightly better. And look, some of the things we're doing in the pricing area, that's also going to help us on the gross margin side.
Carol Yancey: Yes, well [ph] and again I would point out from Motion, so that improvement it was about a-third, a-third, a-third with incremental rebates, leverage on their core growth with SG&A and then just improvement in their core growth profit. So, as we look to more what their annual margin was in the high seven's, we would expect it to go up closer to the eight. But long-term, we're always looking for kind of an 8%, 8.5% for the industrial group.
Carol Yancey: Well, let me take this in two parts. So first of all, you're doing some math to get to the automotive margin and I would tell you, we put AAG in for two months and two months is not necessarily representative of the full year for 2018. I mean you definitely have some seasonality. December in Europe, I mean you had two less selling days in France, one less selling day in the UK and you've got your level of fixed cost. So, we didn't give guidance on those two months that we are reiterating our confidence in our guidance in a more normalized margin for 2018. So, that's the first comment, the second comment is there is no purchase accounting or one-time deal cost in our automotive operating margins. We put everything in the other line and the purchase accounting and all that is in that other line. So, and going forward we would always pull that out of the operating segment.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So in Q3 we called out some onetime sure off [ph] related to automotive and our business product segment and that was adjusting to what our purchasing levels were, our sales levels; so you had a little more of a true-up in Q3. Q4 was less of a headwind but still had it on the business product side. What helped us on gross margin in Q4 from automotive, we had some product mix shift that were a little bit better, so we had product categories that have higher margin, that didn't perform as well in Q3, those performed better in Q4. And then said the other way, we had lower margin product categories that were performing really well in Q3 that were driving down margins; so we had some product mix favorable side changes in Q4. So definitely not as much incentive noise in Q4.
Carol Yancey: So, these are our best estimates right now as you guys know, this is all provisional and we've done the best we can, estimate what that is and looking at the $80 million to $90 million in both cash and EPS savings, you're going to see us evaluate that and put it in our usual priority, so we certainly mention the 7% increase in the dividend this morning. We've mentioned incremental investments in our business and when you look at our CapEx, we certainly had to include an amount in there for AAG but there could be an estimated $25 million to $45 million in incremental CapEx that we've put into our 2018 guidance. And then we want to invest in our facilities technology investments, probably go at a quicker pace since this has presented itself. And then lastly, we're looking at some programs that would directly benefit our people and this can be in areas like training and talent and compensation and certainly investments in our facilities also benefit our employees as well; so that's all been reflected in our guidance.
Carol Yancey: Yes. And look, I know on the $5.60 to $5.75, I mean we've talked about -- there are some investments that we're having to make in our North America automotive business and those are incremental investments, we've got additional CapEx, we've got some headwinds on the business product segment. And then we did have and we've called out, we did have some favorable one-time adjustments in Q4 that were in insurance, legal and professional; those things present themselves with maybe $0.15 to $0.20 EPS headwind, and that's been contemplated in the guidance that we've given you but we're still putting out there plus 19% to plus 22% increase in EPS.
Carol Yancey: You're spot-on, I appreciate the additional clarity. We have a long list of projects we've meet in doubt with our Canadian team, our U.S. team and it ranges anywhere from pricing, software and optimization and investments in people, data analytics to supply chain reinvention, to using more predictive analytics in our inventory modeling and supply chain. Facilities is around whether it's conveyers or our warehouse management system combining facilities, you can definitely get productivity improvements, you can get gross margin improvements, so we haven't necessarily put it on each line item, we're just telling you that those investments will benefit us in the long-term.
Carol Yancey: So last year's full year numbers had a comp number of 4% and acquisitions of 3% and that's what got you to the 7%. We're giving you the plus 4% to plus 5% which would imply a comp of 3% to 4% and acquisitions of 1% to 2%; that acquisitions is carryover from 2017 acquisitions, it's nothing further. I can tell you we certainly hope to be at the higher end of that 3% to 4% and -- but right now we felt like it was appropriate to start with 3% to 4%. Paul mentioned all the favorable fundamentals, we had a presentation from their management team yesterday and we certainly all feel encouraged by the long-term fundamentals but right now we're going to start-off the year with kind of a similar comp into '18.
Carol Yancey: Actually we've been working on that for two years now, we did a lot of analysis, a lot of work on it and came up with a very immaterial minimal adjustment; so really no impact on the company which is why it's not really called out. And so because of our -- the way that we just recognize our product sales and again, we looked at a lot of different things that we will not be reporting much of an impact.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We appreciate your support at Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out on our first quarter results in April. Thank you and have a great day.
