Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We were pleased to perform in line with our expectations for the third quarter, and would highlight several accomplishments. We had record quarterly sales, surpassing $5 billion in sales for the first time in our company's history. We achieved another quarter of positive comp sales growth in our U.S., Canadian and Australasian automotive businesses as well as our Industrial business. We further improved our gross margin with a 105 basis point year-over-year gain. Our Industrial business continue to perform well, generating a 30 basis point margin improvement. The Business Products Group further stabilized posting a 40 basis point margin improvement. We improved our working capital position and generated strong cash flows and finally, we expanded our global footprint via several diversified acquisitions, both by segment and geography, including a Inenco and Sparesbox on July 1, and the fluid powerhouse and Todd on October 1. In addition to these accomplishments, we have made strong progress on our ongoing business transformation. We continue to take steps to optimize our portfolio of businesses as demonstrated by the sale of EIS on September 30. Finally, we strengthened our focused on sustainable, value-creating initiatives to drive meaningful enduring efficiency including the cost reduction actions we discuss today. We will also continue to execute on our aggressive initiatives to improve top line performance. We plan to achieve this by incrementally growing revenue through new business generation, executing our digital strategy and finally securing strategic bolt-on acquisitions. We are focused on creating significant long-term value for our shareholders and we will continue to update the investment community as we make progress towards this important objective. We thank you for listening, and with that, we'll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Chris, thanks for the question. The look our Motion business, despite the decline two months in a row in PMI. And if you go back further Chris, PMI has been declined for six consecutive months and 10 out of 13. So not a new phenomenon by any stretch. Our Motion business we're pleased with the way the guys delivered in the quarter. Much like our overall business their strongest month of the quarter was August. They had a good month in August. July and September were both slightly weaker than August. But again, we're very pleased with the way the team delivered, and what is clearly a slowing industrial environment, but as we have seen in this cyclical business in the past, Chris they've done the right things in terms of cost take out and fortunately we're deliver -- we're able to deliver nice operating margin improvement in the quarter.
Paul Donahue: So I'll take the first part of the question, Chris the cadence of the quarter again, very similar to what I described in Industrial. Good August, very good August for the team here in the U.S. September not a surprise. We are up against our strongest comp of the year in September. And then July, what I'd say about July, we got off to a better start in July, and I think I might have even a commented on it during the last call, we saw that slow in the second half of the month of July. But all-in-all, very similar to the cadence that we outlined for industrial. And as far as guidance looking forward I'll let Carol tackle that one.
Paul Donahue: Sure, I'll touch on that, the -- from our vantage point, from an M&A standpoint we will embark upon our plastic strategy at GPC to always be on the lookout for strategic bolt-on acquisitions across our different business segments and geographies. A classic coupled for us this past quarter were the Todd acquisition in France, which bolsters are heavy duty footprint and positions us at number one in that market, the fluid power house acquisition for our motion business, which strengthens our fluid power business in Canada. So those are our classic approach to M&A and certainly we will continue to look at bolt-on acquisitions that our strategy is generally to look for 1% to 2% per year in bolt-on acquisitions. In terms of the larger, more strategic acquisitions like AAG we're going to be more focused on integrating those more strategic acquisitions in 2020 and beyond. And then in terms of valuations the valuations that we look at in our bolt-on acquisitions that really has not changed in previous years those -- most of those type acquisitions, we know the players, they know us, we're not getting into a bidding more, and it's a very sane environment, if you would.
Paul Donahue: And thanks for the question, Matt. Look, what I would say, first and foremost is we were very pleased to see our European business rebound in Q3. As you know, Q2 was a challenge. So the team rebounded nicely, the French team, which is our single largest market in Europe had a solid quarter and delivering a positive sales increase after a significant decline in Q2. I think that the initiatives that they put into place will continue to drive here going forward. But the French team did a good job, where -- where we saw softness in the quarter was in the UK and again, we believe those issues that we face in the UK are largely transitory we were pleased to see that perhaps there may be a resolution to the Brexit issues and that will certainly help our business going forward if they are able to reach resolution.
Paul Donahue: Yes, that's a good question, Matt, and I wish I could give you a specific answer. It's hard to say, but I will tell you that there has been is a bit of malaise in the marketplace, folks aren't sure with all the uncertainty around Brexit in the past number of quarters, I think it just weighed on business in general. So if they are to reach resolution if it makes its way through Parliament and they do reach resolution. I don't know that we'll see an immediate bounce back, but I do expect there to be a bounce back for sure. And I would also add Matt, that the initiatives that we're taking whether it happens or not. We're getting aggressive in introducing our NAPA brand into the UK, we launched a couple of product categories in Q3, and intend to accelerate that in Q4 going forward. So whether they reach resolution or not? Our team stands ready to improve that business.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Daniel. Thanks for the question, what I would tell you about our NAPA business in Q3, and it was a very similar trend as we saw in Q2 is our DIFM category, which is our largest segment by a large percentage, it performed very well in the quarter. I would point out our NAPA AutoCare business as a very bright spot in the quarter. Our team, the NAPA AutoCare team continues to do a terrific job, and we also saw a better lift in our major account business. So both did quite well. We've got opportunities on the retail side, we saw our retail business soften in Q2 that carried into Q3, we've anniversaried some of the new retail initiatives that we have been driving in the last few years, but we're confident our team will get that business back on track but DIFM is the real highlight for us in Q3 as it was in Q2.
Paul Donahue: Yes, it's probably a bit early Daniel to give you an update on how they've responded to the NAPA brand. I will tell you that our team was excited, we launched it at a major show in Q3, a lot of excitement, a lot of buzz. They know the NAPA brand in the U.K. What I would say overall about private brands in Europe, it varies by market. So, very little private label in Germany, a bit more in France and the U.K. would be the strongest market for private label, which is why we chose the UK to launch first, but make no mistake our intent will be to move into France, Germany and the Netherlands with the NAPA private brand.
Paul Donahue: They were pulled forward Kate and honestly, we think that we'll balance those out as we roll into Q4, we'd begin to hit some colder weather. And we think we're going to be fine going forward, I would also just comment Kate, you ask about the U.S. automotive business. So I think one thing that we would absolutely stress is the health of the overall aftermarket, when you look at miles driven, which we saw a nice jump in July, gas price is down considerably, year-over-year the average age, all the fundamentals continue to be really solid for automotive aftermarket and when I look at our performance in the quarter, it plays to our strength, which is DIFM and I think that plays very well for us going into Q4 in 2020.
Paul Donahue: It's a great question, Greg and one that certainly we've contemplated as well because we have seen a bit of softening on the retail front. I think it's -- may be a bit early yet to make a call there. But what I will tell you is we are watching it very, very closely. One of the key stats that we obviously always monitor closely are the number of tickets flowing through our stores and then obviously the average basket size.  Basket size, both retail and wholesale was very healthy this quarter. Our retail ticket were down more so than our wholesale ticket. But, so I would tell you we're monitoring it closely. We're monitoring our competitive stand in the marketplace, and we'll react if and when necessary. But I think it's maybe just a bit early yet to make that call.
Paul Donahue: Well, maybe I would start, Bret, by just mentioning again the initial launches in the U.K., we've launched private label batteries, as well as some suspension products, they will be priced a bit more aggressively then where our core product categories are today, what we've seen in the U.K., Bret, and you've probably seen, I know you follow it pretty closely over there, is a little bit of a flight to value, given the challenges, they are having in their economy and that's why, certainly we think we've got a big opportunity with the NAPA private brand.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Very similar Bret to Q2, which was our northern tier division. So that would include our Group in the Northeast which led the way again for us in Q3, the central part of the U.S., the Mountain Midwest all really performed well, Southwest did just fine. Where we saw a bit of softness was out west, which we also saw in Q2, and a little bit in the Atlantic. We think the Atlantic may have benefited a year ago from some one-time sales via the hurricanes coming through, so we are up against some bigger comps. So I wouldn't read too much into that. But the Northern part of the U.S. really, really performed well for us.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So we really, while we did have arguably an extra day in the third quarter and we were sort of day in Q1, it varies depending on the business and the geography in the segment. So we would say it was more of a minimal impact.
Carol Yancey: Chris, that would be similar to what it was in Q3, so around a 1% comp. And one other just item to note we're really pleased to have our expansion in a different geography in the industrial business going into Q4 and beyond with Inenco and Australasia. They're not quite as susceptible to some of the things that we're seeing in North America. So as we look ahead, still strong reported total sales, but a similar comp for Q4.
Carol Yancey: Yes, sure, Chris. As we look as we just ended the nine months with U.S. automotive coming around 3%, we would expect to be similar in Q4 was around 2.5% to 3% comp.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I appreciate the question, and as we kind of look ahead at the $100 million and your comment specifically about 2019, what we're planning for is that we would have annualized $100 million by the end of 2020 and that would be a net number that would flow in, but it would be over a number of several quarters as it comes in and in doing the things that we're talking about and we're obviously still working on our plans and still looking at a number of initiatives in areas, we could have some costs in Q4 that come out of either head count related or facility related as we look ahead, those would be one-time type non-recurring that we could have in Q4, but again we're going into 2020 with the expectation that it's $100 million annualized by the end of the year. And then we obviously would be continuing to look for other opportunities as we move ahead, we're certainly not going to stop with just this initial look at the first $100 million.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So as we, and again we commented that primarily we're talking about for Automotive and is the list one through three of the 25% tariff that went up on July 1, that was in Q3 about 1.9% on our sales for U.S. automotive. It was about 1% first half, so we would expect a similar amount for Q4. So we have kind of a blended 1.5% full-year basis for U.S. automotive. For the industrial business, it's really immaterial and for business products it was about 1% in Q3 and we would have a similar amount for Q4 they do have List 4b that comes in, as of now 12/15, but there could be around 1% for them also in Q4. And again, I guess I would just leave you with, our teams have done a tremendous job navigating through all the puts and takes as it relates to tariffs. And we have successfully become much more agile and nimble in moving prices and being able to pass those through and have seen no impact on our gross margins.
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to do that, Greg. What we saw the tariffs and inflation for U.S. automotive are virtually the same. So the inflation that they've had, be it on the COGS side or passing through on the sales side, more like a 1.5% to 2% is generally been inflation. Our industrial business is running around 2% for inflation and there is more indirect to tariffs you would talk about raw materials and supplier freight and things like that, and that's a normal level for them and then business products, they would probably running about 3% in total for inflation with about 1% tariff related.
Carol Yancey: No, I guess, if you recall, the original 10% tariff that we were under, that's how we operated through the first half of the year, so the pass-through on pricing was about 1% and again we didn't take that full 10% tariff, but what we did take about half of that we passed through and that led to about a 1% impact first half the tariffs went up July 1% to 25% and again we didn't take that full amount but we knew our second half would be more pronounced. So that's why we've said all along, second half would be around 2% first half was 1%.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look the $100 million is about a 50 basis point in operating margin improvement and we would expect to drive -- again, as you mentioned normal comparable sales growth, we would expect to drive SG&A improvement operating margin improvement.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so actually in all three of our segments we had gross margin improvement. The larger share of the gross margin improvement is coming from what I call, just the core gross margin and that is from favorable product mix to all the initiatives we've done in the area of pricing, so significant buy side and sell side initiatives that we're doing in all of our businesses has improved our gross margin. We have had -- because we have better growth, we have had positive supplier incentives and those are primarily been an automotive and office products. And then as we mentioned, we do have a little bit of an uplift in gross margin from PPG, PartsPoint and Inenco that carry a higher gross margin, but really the core is what's driving this which is just us delivering on our buy side and sell side initiatives and again doing it with a good bit of tariff impact and inflation.
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to. So when you look at our gross margin as Paul mentioned, it was up 105 basis points if you exclude the purchase accounting adjustments we had, about a third of that was related to the two new acquisitions, so two-thirds of that was from our core business being up. And then on the SG&A side, when you look at our SG&A and if you take out again the one-time costs our SG&A was up around 120 basis points. We would tell you, it's similar 30 to 40 basis point impact for PPG and Inenco. So, our core business again should be improving a bit when you take out some of these things and it's important to kind of look at the operating margin side as well.
Carol Yancey: Yes, it is that $25 million, as it relates to AAG, which we are on track and that was all related to gross margin and global procurement, those $100 million is in the area of SG&A. So it is more payroll and facility and freight-related.
Carol Yancey: No, we have -- we said we would achieve that by the end of three years and we are on track to receive that. So -- I mean look, it's -- we would argue that we're on track, it's in our gross margin number, but it's the bulk of our improvement is coming from all the other stuff that we're doing.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So what we had in the quarter is we had some really nice improvement in our working capital and we were able to take that improvement in our working capital and use that to pay down some of our debt. The proceeds from the sale of EIS had in effect been redeployed on the two other acquisitions that we made earlier in the quarter. So when we look at where our debt was and it had ticked up a bit at the end of Q2 and obviously we're pleased with where it is now and expected to come down maybe just a little bit more by the end of the year. We're comfortable with where it was before and we're comfortable with where it is now, what we really look at is having flexibility and looking at what the right opportunities are. So again we're still comfortable with the amount of leverage we have today and we will certainly take it up for the right opportunity.
Carol Yancey: I mean like again assuming tariffs kind of stay where they are and I think the year-over-year what you've laid out makes sense. We don't really see any other -- other inflationary things that would come in, but I would think that would be reasonable first half versus second half 2020.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for participating in our call today and we look forward to reporting out our year-end numbers. So thank you for your support of Genuine Parts Company.
