Tom Gallagher: I'll try to answer that Elizabeth. We can't give you the specifics right now on the impact by country, but I can’t tell you that currency exchange quarter-end-over-quarter-end we were down about 20% in Mexican Pesos, about 18% in both Canadian and Australian Dollars. If that helps, we will be happy to follow up with you.
Tom Gallagher: We are adjusting our cost structure as we go forward. What normally happens is when we get in the periods like this and we have seen prior periods similar to this. Revenue declines a bit more quickly than we can get to cost structure down, but eventually, we will catch up with it. And then at least based upon prior experiences what we have seen is that, when revenue does start to come back, the earnings come back fairly quickly and at a bit stronger pace because of the good work that the team does on the cost side of the business. As far as share shifts, we don't see anything right now that would indicate to us that we are losing business. I had mentioned in my comments that good work is going on in landing new agreements with specific customers, which might suggest that we are at least holding our own, perhaps picking up a little bit, but as being overshadowed by the declines we are seeing in certain categories right now.
Tom Gallagher: You're going to have to help me on that. I get a little confused when you referenced second quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Yes. We would not say that they are direct competitors. The best comparison I think would be with Applied Industrial Technologies with Kaman and with DXP. They would be the ones that we would encounter most frequently and would have the cost with the clearest overlap in product offering. If we look at Interline or if you like at Grainger or Fastenal, we really don’t overlap with them as much on the product categories that we sell.
Tom Gallagher: You mentioned three of the areas where we do get some leverage, certainly on transportation both inbound and two to three outbound. We certainly get it in the area of shared services without question. We don't share facilities to a large degree today. Each business runs independent facilities. That’s something that we think potentially we could do as we go forward. We are looking at it now between the couple of the businesses. But we share technology enhancements and capabilities. We generally pilot something new in one of the business, prove the concept and then start to roll it into other businesses. There are several things that we do across all of the businesses once we prove that the concept gives us a kind of returns that we are looking for.
Tom Gallagher: We saw the quarter was softer. The underlying business as Paul mentioned was pretty good. But we did see deceleration in our U.S. based business, as well as in the international businesses. The delta is not as significant in automotive as it is in industrial - and to a degree in office products. The only business that we did not see deceleration across the quarter was in our electrical business. The other three all declined. If we look at the early results in October, it’s pretty much in line with what we saw in the back half of the quarter is softer than what it had been. We think right now based upon what we can gather from talking with our customer base and with our supplier base is we think end market demands have pulled back a bit from what we had seen earlier in the quarter and certainly through first half.
Tom Gallagher: No, not really, Seth. I mean if you - the numbers that we shared with you, our auto care business continues to be strong and that's, that’s all different sizes of shops. Our major account business continues to be solid, so there is no one area jumping out.
Tom Gallagher: It’s an interesting question Tony. On the one hand we looked at a set of data points that would indicate that things are going along, okay. On the other hand you look at a different set and they suggest to you that it’s in consistent what the first set of data might indicate. Right now it feels like we’re in a grind-it-out mode in several of our businesses and there seems to be quite a bit of caution on the part of a number of our customers primarily in the non-automotive businesses in terms of CapEx and investing for future growth. And I think people are being very careful about how they’re spending their money right now on investing for the future. So, right now from at least from my perspective we still have a couple of quarters I think to work our way through this and I think it’s going to be a gradual path forward not anything that’s going to be a hockey stick type recovery. I think it’s going to be slow for another quarter or two and then hopefully we’ll start to see the evidence of that. And if you look at the disconnect, on the industrial side the disconnect between industrial production and capacity utilization, they seem to be going in different directions right now and historically they tend to move in line with one another. So again, just they’re conflicting sources of information currently.
Tom Gallagher: On the office products side, we thought like the team together a pretty darn good quarter having anniversaried the two significant impacts. Being up 3% in the current environment I think is reflective of some good work being done by the office products team. The thing that gives us a little bit of pause though is, we actually thought we might be just a slightly better as we went into the quarter, we thought it might be a little bit stronger than the way it turned out and we saw some deceleration as the quarter progressed as I mentioned and that’s continued on into the first half of October. So we don’t have the sense right now as to what the real cause but what we do know and talking with our primary vendors is that this is not unique to S.P. Richards or Genuine Parts, they're seeing this across most of their customer base and it just seems to be a temporary slowdown that hopefully we will reverse itself as we work our way through the quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Well, as you know, it takes a willing seller and a willing buyer. We are a willing buyer. We just have to find more willing sellers that are willing to sell at prices that we think are favorable to the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company. I mentioned in my comments that we have a couple more that we think we'll announce prior to year end, none of which will have any material influence on Q4. But will help us as we go into the first quarter of next year. So there are a number of conversations that are going on. A couple are further along and we feel confident that we'll get a few closed by year end and hopefully we can generate some additional interest from some others.
Tom Gallagher: You bet, Bret. It was - you've got a good memory, it was just about exactly one year ago that we launched our initiative in Mexico and bringing the NAPA brand down to Mexico. We - where we are currently, we're on track, we're on target. We expect to end the year with 20 to 25 NAPA stores in the region. I would also tell you that probably since we last talked, we're in the process of recruiting a couple of strong entrepreneurial independent owners who are opening stores down in the region as well. So - so far we're on track.
Tom Gallagher: Yes. So the west - and I did mention our team out West, but they are holding their own, Bret. They were right at the overall growth number for the commercial business and our overall business. So West is holding up okay. We're seeing, as I mentioned solid growth up and down the East Coast, all the way down into the southern and Florida groups, most of our softness or where our softness is, it's almost directly tied to some of those oil and gas markets.
Tom Gallagher: I think you'll see that happen as time goes on, Bret. Our basic philosophy is we'll own the stores in and around the major metropolitan areas and we'll have good independent owners in the outlying areas. And I don't think that will change materially going forward. But as a percentage of our total automotive volume going out a few years, you'll probably see the corporate stores represent a little bit higher percentage of the total volume than the independent stores do today.
Tom Gallagher: I've got just one last point. Keep in mind that I think across the enterprise our team has done a very good job in accounts receivable management. Carol pointed out earlier that we are down 1% in receivables year-over-year, which I think is a pretty good job.
Mark Becks: Hi, thanks. On the sales guidance, I just wanted to sharpen the pencil on automotive and industrial. So it looks like it's implying kind of 5% to 9% declines in industrial and then in automotive, it seems like 4Q is like 2% to 6%. So I was just hoping you can - obviously, with 4Q being a little bit of a smaller quarter, it gives a wide range, so I'm hoping you can drill that down a little bit.
Mark Becks: Yes, so if we use the guidance for down 2% to 3% in industrial, it seems to imply a down 5% to 9% decline in industrial. So I want to see if that seems appropriate. And then similarly with automotive, if we should be thinking about kind of 2% to 6% sales growth in that category for the fourth quarter.
Mark Becks: Understood. And then just last question, you operated a distribution business essentially with four distinct segments. I know some of the facilities are shared warehouses, but I was just hoping you can kind of tease out what benefits you derive from operating the multiple segments and then the potential synergies you gain, whether it be from fleet or transportation or shared services from the various segments? Thank you.
Mark Becks: Okay. So with kind of the 4% core automotive growth rate, it seems like that's a good number to think about for fourth quarter as well.
Carol Yancey: I think on the industrial, you are probably a ted high. What you saw as Tom mentioned, the later part of the quarter got worse in the industrial segment. So we are guiding for a little bit worse in Q4 so it’s probably more at the lower end of the range that you talked about. And then I think as you look out for what automotive would be Q4, I think you are in line with what we are using. Part of that is the currency. If currency won’t be quite as strong of an impact in Q4, it's going to be more back to where it was like Q2.
Carol Yancey: And Mark I just want to be clear on automotive guidance that we talked about. What we were talking about is probably flat up slightly for Q4 that’s what implies, but the FX would be about 4%. So that is kind of what you are talking about.
Carol Yancey: Actually Greg, it’s all those things. We were pleased - this has been our second quarter, our gross margin improved with automotive and some of the things that we put in place earlier in the year and certainly you talked about it with our foreign operations. We had to put some things in place on both the buy side and the sell side to combat the currency issues. Those are working quite nicely for us in Q2 and Q3. And then really on the U.S. business too, their gross profit is up as well and that’s really just strong focus on both the buy side and the sell side. It’s just really all across the board. So we’ve been pleased to see their improvements. I'd tell you going into Q4, the only headwind is going to be coming with industrial and just a further softening in their top line. So if we can maintain where we were at be flat or slightly up, through the rest of the year, but we’ve got a little bit of headwind with industrial.
Carol Yancey: What we talk about is, look we were extremely pleased with the progress in Q3 and I'd tell you from an SG&A standpoint, again our team suggesting our cost structure to where we saw the topline to be and it’s in a lot of different areas on SG&A and we’ve seen improvement that’s come in automotive really all year with SG&A. It’s really hard with industrial and their lack of top line for them to have. And they are going to have continued pressure on their SG&A line. When you look at the full year, I’d really point you to look at our operating margins through the nine months where each of our businesses except industrial have improvements through the nine months and where we are at 10 basis points operating margins, that’s really probably more of what we expect to be for the full year.  We had sequential better sales in Q3, especially in automotive. So we leverage better on the SG&A. Q4, you just have a lower sales volumes, their seasonality. You won't get as much SG&A leverage. And then we are guiding on the corporate expense. You see a change there for the end of the year. We had some favorable onetime items in corporate expense at the end of the year and we called those out last year and there was a swing of almost – there will be a swing of almost $10 million in that retirement plan adjustment. So some of those things are factoring into our full year guidance to get us more to the year-to-date number you’re looking at.
Carol Yancey: Well, we have contemplated those acquisitions in our guidance. The one that Paul mentioned, the Covs acquisition doesn't close to December 1. So there is a very small amount that would go in there. But if you look at the ones we've already exposed on, you’re talking about something around 140 million on an annual basis and that excludes the Covs deal but hasn't closed yet.
Carol Yancey: So on the industrial side and their growth margin is actually down and then their SG&A is not improved either. That’s the one area that I mentioned that - look the size the top line, it's also the volume incentive, so their volume incentives are down similar to their sales decrease in the quarter and we would expect those to be down for the full year as well. So they are just not getting the same level and so that’s going to be, I think both pressure on gross margin and SG&A. So where their margins down 10 basis points through the nine months given where we have guided to for the full year we could see a little more pressure on that operating margin for the rest of the year.
Carol Yancey: Well, we’d hope that will not be more severe than that. Look we are really hopeful that - right now we just don’t know but hopefully it’s something what you described.
Carol Yancey: Actually, we very closely monitor accounts receivable and certainly what you are speaking about in the industrial area, right now, we're not taking steps, additional steps to modify anything. But I can tell you its just a constant focus on our receivables. We feel like we're in pretty good shape. We actually already have an outlook and an estimate for what our full year bad debt expense will be and we don't have anything that we're concerned about. I think our customers and the terms that we have, we have a pretty close insight as to what's going on. So I wouldn't see anything there.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's conference call. And if you have any further questions, let us know. But we appreciate your interest in and support of the company and we look forward to talking to you again after our fourth quarter earnings in February. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yes, and I think you and I talked about that last quarter. Look there is a couple of things happening here, one certainly vehicles, vehicle quality is a heck of lot of better today and I think we’re seeing some of that impact on the number of cars coming into the bays. But what you do see when they do come in that the repair is at a higher price which were seeing and we’re pleased to see as our average ticket value continues to - continues to go up in the right direction. So, it's something that we’re watching a bit Seth you are correct it is two consecutive quarters and we’re going to continue to monitor it but we would expect that to bounce back in 2016.
Paul Donahue: It maybe reflective but what’s happening with the car counts in the bays and I think there is some inconsistency across the board in the industry with car counts I think some are experiencing increased car counts and others are flat to may be down just slightly.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Tony this is Paul, I would tell you that and we’ve talked about it a bit in previous calls. We have put a renewed focus on our DIY business. We've addressed many of the fundamentals expanding our store hours, additional training for our folks, we’ve added some personnel in the stores, and we’ve also are testing out a new retail store format Tony that we've began to roll-out in 2015. And it’s very early yet, but we’re pleased with the results and we'll be reviewing that the balance of this year and make a decision as we go into 2016. Generally what takes place, you mentioned our affiliates are independent owners, they will many times let us pioneer some new ideas and certainly new approaches. I think they will get on board when they see the kind of success that we're driving in the retail side. Many of our independent owners do a heck of a job today on the retail side of the business anyway. So it's early yet, Tony, but I would tell you we're pleased with the results that we are seeing.
Paul Donahue: Scot, you hit it. Our - we did see slight deceleration as the quarter progressed. We had a really strong both June and July saw a little bit of a downtick, slight downtick in August and September. It's early yet, but we're certainly optimistic that the quarter will come in as we projected. But I think as Tom mentioned in his comments, in the overall environment that we're in, we are in a - we are definitely in a grind it out kind of mode right now as we go into the fourth quarter.
Paul Donahue: No, I don't think it's tied to weather, Scot. Actually the weather throughout the summer and even into September we had I think a warmer than normal summer, which resulted in some good numbers for us and categories like air conditioning was strong, batteries were solid in the quarter. So no, I don't think it attributable to weather at all.
Paul Donahue: No, as I mentioned in a previous question, where we are seeing softness, it is directly in some of the more dominant oil and gas markets, Southwest for sure, some of the mountain areas, which includes some of the fracking country up in the Dakotas and Montana. We do - do a lot of business in the fleet, Scot. We do a lot of heavy duty business. We do a lot of heavy duty filter business and we are seeing some fairly significant declines in those categories in those markets.
