Carol Yancey: Yes, Matt, I'll speak to the fourth quarter margins and then kind of talk about it on a full year basis. So our gross margin was down a bit in the fourth quarter within Automotive and we talked about customer and product mix and we offset [ph] some of the foreign currency pressures and some of that flows through to the gross margins as well. And in addition our SG&A wasn't as favorable in the Automotive segment in the quarter. So what I'd point to is -- what we are really pleased to show is that for the full year our Automotive margins were up 10 basis points and I would tell you that, that primarily came from SG&A leverage.
Carol Yancey: Yes, we're not going to quantify what the transactional impact is, but just to say that it was somewhat of a headwind in our margins in Automotive in the fourth quarter. The currency was a little worse than what was anticipated and you certainly sell that on the top line. You sell that a bit and then margins as well.
Carol Yancey: Absolutely. I'd point out again while we're pleased to see the great results in Automotive, the extent that we had on the top line, that flowed through on the incentives. So we had less of a favorable year if you will in the fourth quarter as it related to that incentive compensation. You're exactly right.
Carol Yancey: I guess I would say on the quarterly margins again for automotive, when we talk about the customer and product mix, the examples that they would point to our major account business and the AutoCare business as those businesses continue to have the strong growth. And when we talk about that being in a lower margin, also Paul called out a couple of product categories, one of them being T&E, batteries, our heavy duty products, that's sort of the product and customer mix that we're talking about. Certainly you had something that was more favorable on the retail side that those are unfavorable on the other side, on the commercial side.
Carol Yancey: Yet another thing I would add, the prior year fourth quarter we had more of a one-time non-recurring adjustment that didn’t repeat in this year fourth quarter, which we knew all along because we've been staying around 30%. And the second thing I would say is, if you think about the volume incentives and our inventory was only up 3% for the year and our team has done a very good job of keeping that inventory down, certainly a good bit than the sales increase. So to the extent that we have volume incentives and those wouldn’t have been necessarily at the same level, that was some pressure on gross margins. And also the Office Products margins were down 10 basis points for the year and that was primarily attributed to gross margin. So we – again we were in line with where we were for the full year at 30% and I think that’s a reasonable assumption going forward.
Carol Yancey: I guess our gross margin guidance that we would be giving would be in total, since we don’t really get into it by segment. And I think our around 30% guidance assumes probably flattish in all of our businesses. I think the operating margin improvement that we’ve talked about in each of our segments and we’ve talked about the 10 to 20 basis point improvement and coming off of this year and have 30 basis points, we’ve been really pleased to see that, that we’ve got certainly some headwinds going into 2015. That's primarily going to probably more come through the SG&A line more so than the growth margin line.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, you’re right. We were a little bit short what we had anticipated from our cash from activities and I would tell you the two primary areas for accounts receivable that you mentioned and that's primarily in the Automotive and Office Sector and again with the stronger revenue growth in what we had, on some of that is we have additional terms. I would tell that our day sales outstanding, we look at it over the course of the couple years. In the past four years that’s been flat. So we’ve been pleased to see that. The second factor in working capital was accounts payable which you mentioned and it goes to a little bit earlier when I mentioned our team really did a good job in the inventory area. So we had in a couple of the segments and it was certainly Industrial and Electrical that slowed down their purchases if you will. So you didn’t see as much on the accounts payable side. And then the other thing is on automotive, which is certainly where we see a lot of the improved terms, we have anniversaried some of those. And it was largely a timing thing that we didn’t have as much coming into the quarter. So we’re looking for improvement on those lines. And again, it was a strong number but not quite where we thought it would be. 
Carol Yancey: I think that’s a fair summary, yes. And I think that and we don’t talk about it as much is our [indiscernible] to inventory was 84% this year and 77% last year. So it’s improvement each year but I think it spread out over little longer period.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank you for your participation today and your support of Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting back to you in April after our first quarter numbers. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: This is Tom. I might also add -- perhaps this might be helpful to you and others on the call and that is that our core NAPA business, the operating margins were strong and improved more than our overall automotive margins. The biggest contributor in the quarter, and frankly even on a year-to-date was the currency exchange and if you recall back to my guidance comments a few moments earlier, we said that automotive was going to be impacted by our estimate, 4 points on the revenue side in 2015. So what's happening outside of U.S. with the strength of the dollar is causing us to see the impact in a pretty heavy way.
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think we have that number here, You can follow up with Sid and he might be able to give you a little more input on that, Scott.
Tom Gallagher: And Scott, I might add just one additional comment to Paul’s and that is if we look at some of the discretionary items, I think we saw a little bit of an uptick in the flow through of those, which perhaps is attributable to more discretionary income.
Tom Gallagher: Mark, I don’t think we can get that granular. There are just so many variables, it’s really hard to try to pinpoint specifically which one is impacting it, we would just say that with the lower gas prices, it is positive and a significant positive for the automotive aftermarket in our opinion.
Tom Gallagher: If you look -- I might take a stab at it and then Carol will add more color. But if you look, first of all at Q4 last year, it was clearly the strongest gross margin quarter of the year and we were going up against a tough comparison there. As we think about gross margin across the enterprise in ‘15 all of our businesses have gross margin improvement initiatives and our expectation is that we will show some gross profit improvement over the course of 2015. 
Tom Gallagher: Not we wouldn’t want to get into the specifics. I would just say that we’re looking at both sides of the equation and you've got buy side and sell side initiatives and we're working on both of those. 
Tom Gallagher: Well, I'd first respond to that by just reminding that we're looking for our core Automotive to be up 6% to 7% before the impact of exchange rates and we think that all of our businesses can and should show operating margin improvement over the course of 2015.
Tom Gallagher: Hello? Nicole, we might need to go on. We didn’t get anything come through on John Lovallo's call. We might need to go to the next caller.
Tom Gallagher: Yes Brian this is Tom. Certainly we're going to be impacted like anybody else that services the oil patch. I would say that for us it’s a low single digit percentage of our total volumes. So while it's significant in terms of gross dollars, it's not as big as it might be for some others.
Tom Gallagher: Of motion. And the other thing I would say is that importantly we are going to see a near term decline in demand coming out of those areas. But the segment is not going to go away. It's going contract but it's still going to be there. And potentially an offset for Motion is the lower fuel prices that Paul referenced, that give the consumer a more discretionary income and as that money starts to get spent, it will flow through other segments of the economy, which could and should impact in a positive way some of the other manufacturing customers that Motion deals with. So near term we think it will be a bit of a headwind. Medium and longer term we think it will probably balance out.
Tom Gallagher: We look at it a couple of ways; one, with what's happening with some of our vendors; and two, what's happening on some of the direct importing that we're doing. And what we've seen is I think most people are doing a pretty good job of working through the situation. I know in our own case we've had to divert shipments to other ports. So it has not had a significant impact on service levels but it has added to our lead times but it's something we're watching pretty carefully.
Tom Gallagher: No in that would be the acquisitions that were completed in 2014. But we have not factored in anything for any future acquisitions. We do have the Miller Bearing acquisition in there that we mentioned promotion $40 million on an annualized run rate. But anything that happens subsequent is not factored in there.
Tom Gallagher: The margins improved on a quarterly basis and for the full year. So the NAPA organization performed quite well for us this year again. 
Tom Gallagher: And Seth, just one other thing. That was due to a currency exchange. As Paul referenced we had local currency growth and improvement in these other businesses but when we translated, we lost all of that.
Tom Gallagher: Independent, the thing we liked about the performance honestly is how balanced it was. Both our Company store group and our independent group grew at comparable levels.
Tom Gallagher: Robert, I'll take a stab at that and I start by saying that these are both good companies and this transaction seems to make good strategic sense for each of them. As you probably know they're both fine customers to S.P. Richards who are first call with Office Depot; and we've got a significant second call position with Staples. From the published reports, and that's all we can go on but from the published reports that we've seen, the transaction is probably going to be consummated toward the later part of the year. So between now and then it's business as usual and we're going to continue to provide the best service that we can provide, and the best support that we can provide to both entities, and certainly post transaction will hope to be the first call -- a wholesale provider to the new entity. As far as trying to size it, we wouldn’t want to get into that here. But we’re optimistic about what’s going to happen in the future. We think there is a lot of upside there potentially. 
Tom Gallagher: This is Tom, Bret. I think the way we’d like to answer that is that we’re pleased with the progress we’ve made to-date. We continue to see opportunities and we think we’ll continue to make progress but we would not want to disclose the absolute numbers.
Paul Donahue: Scott, this is Paul. Our retail business, we did have a good fourth quarter and we had a good year. Our overall retail business was high single digit year-over-year, and that scenario that we intend to continue to focus on. Now I do want to point out that we’re not going to forget where we came from and that’s our commercial wholesale business and that's still -- that’s our bread and butter. But if we can pick up some share on the retail side, and as I mentioned Scott, it’s with some of the very basic blocking tackling in relation some of the things our team is doing on the store hour side, staffing side, just compliance side with our planogram. So we’re very pleased with our retail business and honestly if we can continue to grow that mid to high single digit in ‘15, we’ll be pleased.
Paul Donahue: I’ll give a shot, Scott. I think -- listen, the consumer has got, I think I read recently about $70 more disposable income in their pocket. Does that help our retail business? I think absolutely it does and how it impacts the commercial business? Well, if you look at what’s happened with Miles Driven and the spike that we saw in late Q3, early Q4 in Miles Driven which are at some of the highest levels we’ve seen in a number of years, that’s going to drive -- obviously that drives our miles driven number up and that’s going to increase our parts business overall.
Paul Donahue: Hey Seth, this is Paul. That's always difficult to tell, especially as you look at some of the good numbers our publically traded competitors put out, but I would have to think that if we're taking a bit of share, it may be from of the smaller regional players that are out there, that perhaps are not growing quite at the level that we are and perhaps some of our publically traded competitors.
Paul Donahue: And to answer the second part of that question Seth, in terms of -- continue to expand our independent business and to our convert other independent owners out there, absolutely that's core to our business and something that our team is very focused on every year.
Paul Donahue: Hey Robert, this is Paul. I'll take the first part of that question and I know you're referring to Uni-Select U.S. and the acquisition by Carl Icahn. Very early on in the process and honestly we probably know about as much as you do at this point. It does not change the competitive landscape. So Uni-Select U.S., I think I read where they were ranked as the No. 5 player in the U.S. So that doesn't really change the competitive landscape at all for us at this point. It may open up some opportunities and I would say that in terms of other Icahn owned business, which of course is Federal-Mogul, they are a long time supplier to NAPA, they are a long time supplier to our industry and they are a good supplier. So for us at this point, until we learn a whole lot more Robert, it's essentially business as usual. The second part of your question then, as it relates to the secret sauce, I don’t know that we have any secret sauce. We have a good strategy each year. We tend to stick to our core. We have a very good group of independent entrepreneurial owners in the marketplace who are very good at what they do and we provide them what we think is best in class training and programs to enable them to compete everyday out there on the street. And so if there is any secret sauce, that may be the takeaway.
Paul Donahue: Yes, absolutely, Bret, we did launch our NAPA Mexico initiative back in October. We opened our distribution center and a number of company owned stores in the marketplace. It’s very early on. We’re pleased with the progress that we’re making and it’s going to be a long initiative for us for sure. But in the early days we’re pleased with the progress that our team is making down there.
