Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. As we close out another strong quarter, we are pleased with our progress in driving profitable growth, strong cash flow, and shareholder We attribute the positive momentum in our business to our global team work and disciplined focus across all of our operations. Our team has confidence in the strategic plans we have put in place to capture long-term growth and margin expansion.  Our strategic plans combined with an exceptional balance sheet position GPC with the financial strength and flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities via investments at organic and acquisitive growth. While also returning capital to shareholders through the dividend and share repurchases. So as we look ahead, we are encouraged to see the impact of the global pandemic subsiding. while the fundamentals of our two global businesses remained rock solid.  Our GPC teams around the world are stepping up under challenging circumstances and taking great care of our customers. That we thank you for your interest in GPC. and we thank each of our GPC teammates for their passion, their dedication, and their hard work. So with that, let me turn the call back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: Well, Chris, first off, thanks for your question. You've hit it when you look across all of our businesses, the quarter the third quarter got stronger as we progressed with September being our strongest month. And what we can tell you is that the trends that we saw in September are carrying over into the month of October.  So we're feeling good about where we are. And we certainly feel really good about the projections that we put out there for Q4. So yeah, right now everything is looking pretty solid.
Paul Donahue: I'll take a shot at that Bret, thanks to your question, it's -- look it's hard to say where we're gaining this year. I can tell you with some of the product category that we look at and the growth that we're seeing in Q3. And on top of a really solid Q2, we have to be up outpacing the general market. But we're also the first one out, Bret, so we'll see what the numbers look like here going forward. Bottom line is, as we all know, the automotive aftermarket is incredibly fragmented.  We like where we're at, we like the performance by our NAPA team and they had a terrific quarter and actually had terrific back-to-back quarters. And as I mentioned in the initial question, we're out of the gates in great shape in the month of October, so we expect that to continue. And I would also comment Bret that, we feel the same way about our international automotive businesses in our European team as well as our Asia-Pac team continue to perform at a high level.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I'll touch on the acceptance part, maybe Carol you weigh in on the margins. The acceptance Bret, I have to tell you is beyond our expectation, so much so that we are accelerating our -- the number of product lines. And we're accelerating the pace with which we're rolling those out. So as you look across our European aftermarket business, we really started in the UK and our UK business continues to outperform. And now we've rolled that out into the other market. And I have to tell you it's really surpassed our expectation. So really pleased and I would also say we are rolling it out in Australia and New Zealand as well with similar results.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Greg. It's a good question. Thanks for it. It is certainly a dynamic M&A market. I think as we alluded to, we have a very disciplined approach to thinking about deals. Whether it's financially, operationally, strategically, etc. And for us, it's all about the value creation potential.  And I think on our Industrial Conference, I made a comment talking about creating value so that the eight or nine times becomes something lower than that. And so that's how we think about [Indiscernible]. What does this business look like? And how much value can we create when we bring it into the GPC family. Greg, I would also add on to that one. When we look at our bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive space, whether it's in Europe or here across North America. Those continue to be very reasonable and rational, and are very close to our historic kind of valuations. But as Will said, we'll -- we will continue to be incredibly disciplined as we look at M&A here going forward.
Paul Donahue: Our industrial business has held up -- well, you see the numbers Andrew that our industrial numbers are as strong as they've ever been. We had a terrific -- the team had a terrific Q3. We're not seeing that type of supply chain disruptions on the industrial side as we're seeing across the automotive -- North America automotive sector.  So they are in good shape, not to mention our industrial team going into 2021 did not trim back their inventories. They were in a good place, an inventory. And that is largely held up throughout the course of the year which has led to that great sales increase, they popped in Q3. So all is good on the industrial front.
Paul Donahue: Well, I would tell you, Seth, that I think it's a combination of factors. I think our U.S. automotive team continues to get their legs under them. The year, continues to get better as we go. I mentioned October is looking strong. It's looking strong across all regions of the country. It's looking strong in both DIY and DIFM.  And we don't -- we don't see it slowing. I would also comment that we had our best month, our best quarter with our big partners on the major accounts side, our AutoCare business continued strong and, Seth, our DIY business continues strong. So it's really across the board, it's held up well and we're seeing that trend continue on the month of October as well.
Paul Donahue: It's really both Seth and I. And again, I would give our team high marks on the strategy they put together going into 2021, which was all around sales team effectiveness and putting more sales reps out on the street and getting them focused on the end-user customer. And even when you look at our So kind of what we deem as our all other wholesale business, which is a significant chunk of business that was up high single-digits, year-over-year.  So I think a combination of growing business with existing customers, but also kind of restructuring our approach to the customers with our sales team and really driving a lot of new business as well. So very pleased with the NAPA team and where we find ourselves.
Paul Donahue: I'll take a shot at the first part of that. David, the Buy Now, Pay Later pilot, we're in about 250 NAPA stores. And look, I give our team credit for jumping on the opportunity. It's so early yet. It's -- I would misspeak if I tried to put a number to it. It's something new. We'd never done it before. We're not doing it anywhere else in the world at this point. I would just tell you kind of stay tuned and certainly more to come on that initiative.  And then I'm sorry, the second part of your question online. Certainly, the acquisition that was announced, Automotive Accessories Garage, we're excited about that acquisition and it really goes hand-in-hand, David, with recent strategies where we acquired wind parts in Europe, we acquired spares parts in Australia, a few years back. And it's really just broadening our knowledge base and expertise into all things online.  I would certainly expect that this initiative here in the U.S. will follow in a same track that we've done in the international markets. And I'm very pleased to tell you that, they have exceeded our expectations. It's still early at wind parts in Europe, but I would tell you that, early results are very, very, very favorable. And we expect to see the same as we really just expand our knowledge base in selling products online.
Carol Yancey: I Know, look, we couldn't be more proud of the team and the work that was done in gross margin, I really want to give thanks to our procurement teams and all of our teams because there has been a ton of efforts related to gross margin. So when we think about the inflationary impacts and having to deal with that, but honestly our initiatives, category management initiatives, global sourcing, pricing strategy.  It was vendor allowances, but quite honestly, in addition to that and especially when you look at the year-to-date numbers, it is the benefit -- the ongoing benefit of all our category management initiatives, which includes pricing and global sourcing. So I think in the quarter you did have more of an impact related to volume incentives. But I think again, taking into account everything and inflation quite honestly was neutral to our rate.  So as we look ahead, we're not concerned about gross margin in Q4. And in fact, contemplated in our guidance and our outlook is that we would continue to have a positive impact in Q4, which would have us be positive for the year and then also extremely positive on a 2-year stack basis.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. The motion operating margin, I think where you see them through the 9 months, which just, again, incredible operating performance for them. And it is both gross margin and expense leverage. And they have really permanently lowered their cost structure, but I think we will see continued improvement in Q4, for the Industrial operating margin and that would give them, sort of an implied 80 to 90 BPS improvement for the full year, which is just outstanding, and again, much stronger than that on a two-year stack basis.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So on the margin standpoint, the product labels, specifically for Europe is neutral to their gross margin rate. Having said that it is favorable from a working capital standpoint, because many of the private label comes with extended terms. So the team has been able to see the benefit of that. And in turn, they're taking their working capital improvements in reinvesting an additional product offerings and additional M&A such as [Indiscernible] that Paul and Will talked about earlier.
Carol Yancey: We haven't really given that out yet. I mean, it's starting off slow with a number of product lines and we haven't given out a target. It's not going to be something. It's not ever going to be like what you see, certainly in the U.S. but going to a 10% and incremental improvement year-on-year out. I think you can expect that.
Carol Yancey: Yes. We think that fourth quarter is probably in the 3 to 4% range. We would say that that would be 3 to 4% for our Global Automotive and 1 to 2% for industrial. It's slightly higher on the us automotive than it is on international automotive. Then Greg, having said that and again, I couldn't be more pleased with our teams. They are doing a tremendous job and we do not think despite having incremental inflation coming in Q4, we're confident in our ability to manage through that and be able to continue to deliver gross margin improvements.
Carol Yancey: Well, Greg. I guess just generally what we would say when you look at our top-line results and you look at the strong demand, whether it's industrial or automotive. I mean, at this point, we haven't seen the push back, and part of it is the nature of our business that is non-discretionary. So we haven't seen necessarily the push back, pricing has stayed rational and inflations in all sectors, all industries. So really haven't seen that yet.
Carol Yancey: I guess I would comment and again, these are just great things they're really important to our teammates and they are important for the work force. And yet having said that, they don't come with significant costs. I mean, what we would point to that is just more relevant on the SG&A is just the true labor and wage inflation that we're seeing. Part of it is making sure that you have competitive benefit programs and things like that, we've talked about healthcare and some of those things, paid time off vacation.  But I think more important and more significant is just the true wage inflation that we're seeing. Having said that though, we couldn't be more pleased with the team's hard work in really permanently reducing our cost structure and being able to offset a lot of that inflationary impact with some of our initiatives. So I would not say that you need a model anything in there for the incremental benefit of those types of programs. And all that is contemplated in our full-year operating margin improvement that we've kind of models. So we feel good about it going forward.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. I think look there weren't any major surprises. Our results were really due to the stronger sales and continued recovery in automotive and industrial. The 16th consecutive quarter of gross margin gains with a highly inflationary environment, but having cost controls to really drive improved margins was important. We had terrific cash flow in the quarter, and again, with all the supply chain disruptions.  So having that higher volume and really the industrial recovery has been coming quicker each quarter. So that went into our thinking as we look at the rest of the year, but we feel really good about Q4. But again, it's been a great team effort. And I think as we've seen each quarter, recoveries and the reopening of economies and the fundamentals have gotten better each quarter.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, look, I mean it's a very fluid environment with these price increases. I mean, as they're presented to us and again, the global sourcing and supply chain and procurement teams work very closely with the vendors and they look at timing and we look at areas that we can have time to work into those price increases. We look at accelerating purchases. I mean, there's a lot of work that's being done and the timing of when they go to market is a factor in that as well.  There will be some that carries over. Brenda next year, certainly, but it's a day-to-day, week-to-week negotiation right now. It is more normal inflation and industrial, so keep that in mind, the 1 to 2% is just more normal inflation for them. It's really the us automotive that's got the heightened inflation. Again international automotive a little more normal. We will have some that goes into next year. But again, teams are doing great job to work through that and have improvement.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's earnings call. We look forward to updating you on our year-end and fourth quarter results in February, and thank you for your support.
