Paul D. Donahue: Yes, Chris, this is Paul. Just a couple of comments, and your question is a valid one. Our 3 divisions that make up the northern tier, the Central, Eastern and Midwestern division, they had a very solid first quarter last year. And absolutely looking back now, we can see that business was pulled forward because sequentially then, Q2, Q3 and Q4 were soft and mid- single-digit soft in the Q3 and Q4. But I am pleased to see -- again, it's only 1 month, but those 3 divisions have rebounded nicely in the month of January, led really by the Midwest division, which is up significantly. So we're cautiously optimistic, Chris, that we're going to see some growth out of the northern half the country this year.
Paul D. Donahue: Brakes and rotors was a challenging category for us last year. We put some things into place that we hope we'll see a rebound in 2013, but that was one of the categories that absolutely was impacted in 2012. And Chris, you mentioned batteries and rotating electrical on the flip side, those are very strong for us in 2012 as we're a few other categories, like tool and equipment for instance and our filter business was good last year. So we're hoping to see and we plan to see our brake business come back in 2013.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, Greg, good question. And you're right, there was an extra billing day in the quarter. What I think we may have underestimated a bit was how the holidays fell this year versus last year, with Christmas falling on a Tuesday versus a Sunday prior year. We may have given back a portion of or all of that extra day that we got in the quarter. So I think we underestimated that a bit. December was soft for us, there's no doubt. And when we reported last, we were coming out of the month of September, and we saw a nice increase in the month of September. And certainly, we're hopeful that, that was going to carry on into Q4. But certainly, that wasn't the case. And again, I think that the initiatives that our team has in place going into 2013, we're optimistic about -- cautiously optimistic about getting our sales back in line in 2013.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, actually, it's fairly consistent. We're running down in those 3 divisions -- I'm talking about the impact on the overall business. So those 3 divisions of our company, we're running mid- single digit down in Q4 versus a slight uptick in the balance of our business.
Paul D. Donahue: Matt, this is Paul. At this point in time, it's early. But at this point in time, it's certainly more on the commercial side than the retail side.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, David. It is more of the discretionary. And our retail business, as I stated in my opening comments, we're certainly not pleased with our retail results. I do believe they're fairly consistent both across our industry, as well as retail in general has been under bit of pressure. But I will tell you that we have a number of initiatives in place as we go into 2013, and I would hope that some of the things that we've put in place would begin to move the needle back in a positive direction for us.
Paul D. Donahue: And just a follow-up to that, David, we are certainly optimistic. We launched a new advertising campaign post Super Bowl that we fully expect will drive some traffic, and we'll follow up with an additional ad campaign starting as NASCAR kicks off by this Sunday at Daytona.
Paul D. Donahue: Bret, this is Paul. I think pricing with our peer group has been fairly rational this year. We don't see it in any particular market being any more difficult than another particular market. Again, I think retail in general and the retail consumer is under a bit of stress. Certainly, as Tom mentioned earlier, the payroll tax, that 2% is going to have an impact on some of those -- that walk-in traffic. But again, we've taken on as our responsibility in a tough environment, we've got to go out, be aggressive and take some market share. And that's our plan.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Paul, I think that -- Chris, sorry, I'd just add to that, we did not see any material improvement in the brake and rotor business in January. And our expectation is we'll start to see some improvement as we work our way through the year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, this is Tom. I'll try to answer that. At this point, I would say that we may get a little bit more inflation across each of the businesses in 2013. Automotive, we are seeing some discussion about price increases as we work our way a little deeper into the year. So I would expect that we will have modest inflation in Automotive but not materially so.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's more the former than the latter. There is a heightened sense of concern with the unknown at this point. And it might be helpful to you to know that on our project work, we've not seen any cancellations to this point. But we have seen these be pushed out 1 quarter or 2, which I think, again, underscores the uncertainty. I think people are saying, until we get a little more clarity, we're just going to be very cautious in how we spend money. So the fact that we're being pushed out could eventually lead to some cancellations. But at this point, we've not been notified of any.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, yes, and I think our teams have done a good job over the last couple of years in helping to reduce our cost structure. And when we see periods like this where things seem to slow up a bit, then they tighten up on the cost side a bit as well. So there are some actions already underway to try to keep cost more in line with where the revenue is going to be.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Scot, this is Tom. I would say that, first of all, our expectation is that the revenue trends will improve somewhat as the year progresses. But I think in terms of modeling, I would look for a 10 to 20 basis point improvement in the Industrial margins for the full year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we're counting on a little bit stronger revenue growth, not so much in the first quarter or 2, but more so in the second half of the year. There are ongoing cost containment, cost reduction initiatives that are taking place there. There's a fair amount of work that's being done on the margin side of the business, the gross margin side of the business. So hopefully, we'll see a little bit of improvement in that through the course of the year. So there are a number of levers that are being pulled on simultaneously to try to ensure that we have show margin improvement. I think if you go back and look at the Industrial performance sequentially over the course of the year. Q1 and Q2, we were running pretty strong revenue increases, 12% and 8%, respectively. And then we saw really good margin improvement through the first half of the year, and then we gave that back and then a little bit more as we got to the back half of the year. But our expectation is maybe the inverse for 2013.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, this is Tom. I don't think there's anything that's changed significantly enough to cause any material change in the performance over a short span of time. Paul mentioned in his comments on the commercial side of the business, if we move fleet aside for a moment, and I'll come back to fleet in a moment, but if you move that to the side in the quarter, our non-fleet-related commercial business was actually up mid-single digit, which I think in the current environment is a pretty good performance. But what we've seen on that side of the business is that we see that our ticket value has increased some, but the ticket count is actually flattish. So that would indicate to us that it's somewhat driven by consumer discretionary spending habit at this point. If we go over to the fleet side of the business, the fleet side of the business actually started to show signs of moderating as we get deep into the second quarter of the year and then quarters 3 and 4, the fleet business actually had a little bit of deceleration. And that's consistent with what we see across the industry and is consistent with what we see in some of the indices. If you look at the transportation service index, you'll see that, that decelerated sequentially as the year progressed and actually went into negative territory in the latter part of the year. So I don't think at this point we've seen any material change structurally in the business. I think it may be more driven by consumer spending. And I think that may continue for another quarter or 2 as we continue to digest the effect of maybe some higher fuel prices and also the increased payroll tax that people are adjusting to.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think a part of the reason, Matt. But the other thing is I think the commercial is a bit stronger in the areas that we're talking about, and retail maybe a bit stronger in the Sun Belt-related areas.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. Our buyback plan, Matt, just to further amplify, at a minimum, we want to buy back the number of shares that we issue under our long-term incentive grants. We want to avoid any dilution there. So I think you could model something along the lines of $1.2 million, $1.3 million in line with what we did this year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: They're actually ahead of plan. And if we go back to our original expectation, we thought that they would get to the level sometime late 2013 or early 2014. They're actually going to get there a little bit sooner, and it will be at that point that we'll have a decision to make. And just so you understand from the point that they actually hit the threshold, we've got up to 6 months to exercise our right.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, first of all, I wouldn't focus too much on the quarter. I'd suggest that maybe we focus on the full year, and we were able to show some gross profit improvement for the full year, 9 basis points. Not an overwhelming improvement, but after 2 years of modest decline, I think the team generally did a pretty good job of stabilizing the gross margin and then bringing it back. In Jerry's comments, he mentioned that one of the contributing factors in the quarter what that we did not have the volume incentive rebates to the degree that we had them in the Industrial segment, so we didn't have the benefit of that. And we also didn't use the balance sheet to prop up the income statement because we didn't go out and make big buys at the end of the year to try to capture some of those. Carol referenced in her comments that without the Quaker City acquisition, our inventories were up 2%. So I think as a general statement, our folks did a good job of keeping inventories under control, and we probably gave up opportunities on a little bit of gross profit enhancement. But we felt it was prudent to operate the way we did operate in the fourth quarter. And I'd say in terms of modeling, you might model in that gross profits will be at least equal to what they were this past year. And frankly, we're planning on a modest improvement again in gross profit in 2013.
Thomas C. Gallagher: David, I would just add that -- Paul mentioned it in his earlier comments and that is that the average ticket size is actually up a little bit on the retail side, which is very encouraging to us. But we have seen a modest decline in ticket count, so I think a challenge for us is to generate a bit more foot traffic. And that in itself will help the overall retail business.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, taking the first part, I don't think we have any statistical data that can make a direct correlation between the uncertainty surrounding what's happening in Washington and maybe some of the freight or transportation indices. But one would have to think that there is some inter-connectivity between those 2. If people are deferring or delaying certain purchases, eventually that has to result in some downward movement in the amount of product that's being shipped. The TSI index, just as a point of information, includes over-the-road trucking, it includes rail and it includes barge, it includes aviation. So it's a pretty comprehensive index, and it has been showing signs of deceleration as the year progressed. The second part in terms of the continued aging of the fleet, at some point, those vehicles are going to need some level of repair. What we have seen over more recent times is that if it affects safety or drivability, we're seeing expenditures being made. But if it's at all something that's discretionary, we see more judgment coming in terms of whether or not the repair is going to be made. So I think as long as those vehicles continue to age, it will continue to drive demand for replacement parts.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we'll try to take them maybe in reverse order. In terms of the product categories that we're in, all of these companies are in each of these categories to one degree or another. In terms of the 2.7% inflationary impact on Office Products, that's calculated based upon manufacturer price increases to us, not necessarily our price increases out to our customer base. And then looking at the potential acquisition or combination of Office Depot and OfficeMax, obviously, they see enormous potential for synergies, and I think they run into a number of different categories. They're not just purchase price synergies. I think they're going to wind up being, perhaps even greater, in the non-procurement side of the business just because of the redundancy that exists today with the 2 freestanding companies.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, it would seem so. But keep in mind that we already are a provider of product to online resellers. Many of our customers have online presence. Staples, I think, would be second only to Amazon in terms of their online business. So the fact that we have a new entrant does not mean it's new to the industry. This is something that's been around for a while, and I think it's reasonable to say that they will put some pricing pressure in the different channels. But we've already been competing, and our customer set has already been competing with very, very good e-tail companies that are out there today.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, thank you, all, very much. We appreciate you joining us on the call today. We look forward to giving you more of an update as we work our way through the first quarter. And we'll close again by thanking Jerry Nix for 34 outstanding years and wishing him the very, very best in the years going forward.
Jerry W. Nix: Chris, this is Jerry. We had favorable inventory gains in the fourth quarter, and you'll see where -- that's where most of that margin improvement. They were up 50 basis points through the 9 months. They also had significant cost reduction initiatives taken place, and they took $20 million, $25 million of cost out. So between -- and there were some year-end write-backs, we accrued bad debt expense based on a percent of sales. And our bad debt expense, when we got down to actual write-off, was less than it was the prior year. So those are the 3 major contributors to that improvement.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, look, the cost reductions that they took out are sustainable and they also have additional cost reductions in place now. I'm certain that we're not going to show that kind of improvement in our bad debt expense coming off, but we should see another 10, 20 basis points operating margin improvement. That's always what we look for.
Jerry W. Nix: I thank each of you as well. It's been a great ride. And you've got a great stock that you're holding here and look forward to continuing to progress.
Carol B. Yancey: The impact on the payables was not as significant. It's about $50 million on the payables line. And on receivables, it was about $30 million on the receivables line. But clearly, the bigger number was on the inventory line. Most of our receivables improvement was really as a result of some of our improved terms with our vendors that we talked about. That really drove the bulk of that increase.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we currently estimate interest expense to be around $20 million for 2013, with the two $250 million tranches we talked about.
Carol B. Yancey: We don't really have a target. We look for continued improvement on that line, maybe not all that we had this year. But we certainly expect to have a continued improvement on that line, but no specific targets.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, Industrial didn't have any acquisitions in the quarter. And Electrical had that small acquisition, Light Fab, that we talked about earlier but it's really immaterial. It's certainly on the balance sheet, and there was just some incremental revenue in earnings as well.
Carol B. Yancey: All of the pension curtailment gain, the $23.5 million, is in the other line. So it is not in the segments.
