Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Through the continued focus on our top priorities, outlined at the beginning of this call, we were pleased to report a strong financial performance for the quarter. Our results highlight our progress in several key areas, including strengthening sales trends, continued gross margin expansion, transformative cost actions and significant cost savings, operating margin expansion in each of our businesses, and a stronger balance sheet, enhanced liquidity and substantial cash flows. We are excited for the future at GPC, and we look forward to reporting on our progress in the quarters ahead. We thank you for your interest in GPC. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Bret. And let's start with the cadence first, and maybe I'll touch on total Company. In total Company, we were steady throughout the quarter, turning positive. We were pretty much flat in July-August, turned positive in September, total GPC. As we look at automotive again, total automotive, we were consistent throughout the quarter, mid-single-digit all-in July, August and September. Europe, we were really strong in August, but we were double-digit growth in every month and the quarter. And as we look at our turnaround in Europe, I couldn't be more proud of that team over there, Bret. They -- I mean, you guys know what we went through in Q2, most of France was shut down, a good bit of the UK was shut down. And for us, the post that kind of increase that we did in Q3 is strong, and we're seeing it across the board. We're seeing it in every market, which is what's really got us encouraged and we're seeing it across our customer base. So, we saw it in our small independent, unaffiliated shops, but we also saw solid increase with the big national major account. So, do I think we're taking market share in Europe? Perhaps. But, I guess, we'll have to watch that play out. I'd also tell you, Bret, we're really excited about the rollout of our NAPA private label. And I think that really bolstered our sales in the UK this quarter, we're up at 10 different product categories down in the UK. And we're rolling that out in France, and then we'll go into Germany and the Netherlands as well.
Paul Donahue: And Bret, as I called out in my prepared comments, when we first started talking to the AAG team a few years back, we saw a real opportunity to introduce private brand into our European markets, and it's played out honestly exactly as we had hoped and thought of would. And I'll tell you what I'm most encouraged by is the acceptance and I guess the recognition of the NAPA brand in Europe.
Paul Donahue: And Bret as far as the -- your question around regionality, I'm assuming you're talking about the U.S. Much like we saw in the previous quarter, our strongest markets continue to be the Midwest and the mountains. And those two guys are heading are really continuing to do a good job for us, both delivering positive numbers in Q3. Where we're seeing a bit of stress and again, not surprising, the Northeast was down mid-single-digit in the quarter. But I point out, Bret that if you go back to Q2, our Northeastern business, we were down 19% in Q2. We've gone from down 19 to roughly down 4 and change in Q3. Mid Atlantic, similar story, high-double-digit decrease in Q2 to down mid-single-digits in Q3. So, still a bit stressed in those markets. But, what we're encouraged by is just really strong sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.
Paul Donahue: Okay. And then, as we look at our automotive business in the quarter it -- again, as I mentioned, our total automotive business was consistent throughout the -- was consistent throughout the quarter, mid-single-digit, and U.S. automotive followed a similar pattern, and it was pretty consistent throughout the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, just a little bit of history on Motion, because we've seen the cyclical times before in the industrial business. We generally lag the industrial indicators. So again, that's consistent with what we're seeing again in these recent quarters. What we are encouraged by, Beth, is we saw sequential improvement throughout the quarter. So, September was the strongest month of Q3. And we do believe that as the economy continues to improve, we'll close that gap between our numbers and then what the industrial indicators are showing. So, our -- the takeaway should be, we anticipate improved demand in the coming months. We're seeing really strong results out of our wood and lumber segments of our business, pulp and paper are good. A lot of that is directly tied to the building industry, which is strong. So, we have no doubt Motion will recover and will be in good shape in the quarters ahead.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, the energy comment, Chris, that's definitely a headwind for us. If you look at our Southwest part of the United States was certainly our weakest market in the country, and that is largely driven by oil and gas. So, that's a definite headwind for us going forward. And in terms of looking out, Chris, look, it's challenging. I mean, there's a lot of uncertainty in the markets. There's no doubt. Our expectation is our Motion business will turn positive in '21. But, I would also tell you, our expectation is that we're going to continue to show sequential improvement. Just as we did from Q2 to Q3, we think Q4 will be an improvement over Q3, and then again, certainly positive in '21.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So my, my reference on September, Chris, was in relation to August. September was a better month than what we saw in August. We saw softness in August. And September did improve. Carol mentioned we were flattish in July, and we dipped a bit in September. But again, we're talking just a few basis points from month to month to month. So, not a massive shift. And I'm sorry. I missed -- I forgot the second part of your question, Chris.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, our DIY business, and you hit it, Chris. I mean, we had a huge July in DIY and we were up close to 20% in July and it moderated a bit through Q3. But, I mean -- I don't think anybody expects the kind of DIY increases that we're seeing across the industry to continue. Certainly, we've benefited as did all of our peer group from the stimulus money to the hit the markets. Our DIFM business was pretty steady throughout the quarter in that low-single-digit range. And again, I would point out Chris, just as I did with some of the regionality, as I did with Motion, those down low-single-digit, those numbers are improved from the high-single-digit declines that we were seeing back in May in June.
Paul Donahue: So, if we look at the business, and as you just described, Greg, our most challenging segment -- and look, I should point out at the outset, our modest difference, okay, I think -- and you've been around long enough, Greg, you know that. Fleet and government is a big segment for us, and that has been our most challenged segment. And I should point out that, mix in that fleet and government, we have our oil and gas, energy business, we have large contracts with municipalities, school bus contracts, we have contracts with the airlines, ground equipment. So, all of that is in that fleet and government. And as you can imagine, Greg, that has been a challenging segment and has continued. It'll come back, and we think it will come back and it will come back strong. Our major account business and our auto care business was down slightly in the quarter as well. Where we saw good growth and we are encouraged is with our what we would really classify as our all other wholesale business, and that is our independent unaffiliated garages. That business held up well. And we are encouraged by that -- by those numbers. And we think we can continue to build on that in Q4 and going forward.
Paul Donahue: Yes. It's a great question, Greg. And I'm glad you did ask that. Independent owners are -- they represent roughly 60% of our business. And I'm pleased to say, our guys have been out, we've been out meeting with some of our big independents, really just this week. They're faring well. And I would tell you that in terms of PPP money, the vast majority, and I'm talking probably close to 90%, got PPP money. So, from a cash position, our independents are doing just fine.
Paul Donahue: So, let's talk about the SKUs that I referenced, the 35,000 SKUs. Think of that Greg as kind of that whole concept around the endless aisle and taking advantage of our great suppliers and their -- the total extent of their catalogue offering. So today, of course, you think of supplier, Greg and I know Dorman well, a great partner of ours for many, many years. They have a very expansive catalog. We don't -- we do not -- we don't catalog all the SKUs that Dorman has available. But, we're certainly now going to make those available online. And we think that's going to -- it's too early to put a number to it, Greg. We really just launched it. But, that would be an example. Another example would be the WeatherTech line. You know that line, of course, great consumer brand. So, we're excited with what we believe that whole kind of endless aisle can do for the NAPA business. And we're going to continue to expand that opportunity going forward.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Matt, we -- I'm sorry. We do expect that business to bounce back and it will bounce back as miles driven bounces back. One thing that hasn't really been talked about this morning, even though there's a whole lot more traffic than the roads and people are backed behind the wheel, which we're happy to see. Miles driven in the last couple of months that I've seen preliminary numbers, it's still down close to 10%. So, as that begins to come back and it will come back, the major account business and all of the commercial business will recover. So, yes, no doubt, you mentioned, our European business and we are very pleased with our major account business in the UK and some of the strength that we saw certainly in Q3 in our European business. And we expect -- quite honestly, we expect that to continue well into 2021.
Carol Yancey: Yes. The margin on the private label, Bret, as you know, for our private label, we do generally have a more favorable margin when you look at the all-in and consider the terms that we get and the global tenders that we're doing. But generally, we do have a little bit lower price in Europe on that private label. So, it would be neutral in total to Europe on their gross margin. But, the fact is, we're more dollars and we're expanding our market share. And again, when we look at global tenders, there is a GPC benefit, if you will, when you think about global extended terms and putting more volume through our global suppliers.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Pricing has been really rational, and specific to automotive, we cannot say we've seen much in the way of changes whether it's do-it-for-me or DIY, we've had very minimal price increases through the third quarter, 0.1% in automotive, and we really don't expect much at the end of the year. But again, no supplier price increases and a pretty rational pricing environment.
Carol Yancey: July -- and you did say, July was flattish. There was -- and again, August, September weren't quite as much as what July was. But in total, it was -- that's our total number.
Carol Yancey: Sure. On the gross margin for the quarter, when you look at our quarterly improvement, I would say this quarter, about a third of that was related to the divestitures. So, two-thirds of our gross margin improvement, like 100 bps is really related to sales mixed shift to higher gross margin operations, specifically our international strong results on automotive, product mix shift, especially in Industrial, and then some of our just pricing and global sourcing initiatives. So, when we look ahead, we do expect to have continued gross margin improvement with a lot of our initiatives that may not be quite at the pace that we've seen. But, we are very encouraged by the gross margin initiatives we have. We've done all that, as you mentioned, with lower volumes. And we have been able to generally offset the lower volume incentives with our lower sales volumes with having our initiatives. So, we’ve anniversaried the EIS divestiture. So, going forward, it will just be the core gross margin improvement.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So on the SG&A side, what we're really encouraged by is the $100 million permanent cost savings that roughly -- or $110 million through nine months. We expect to be $130 million to $140 million for the full year. The COVID savings were $150 million in Q2. And as we mentioned before, about $45 million of that was government subsidies. That moderated to about $60 million in Q3, which relates directly to the improved, as Paul's mentioned, improvement in our volumes, extending hours, bringing folks back in, and we said a lot of those were temporary things. But, part of why we have a higher $100 million permanent savings is, we shifted some of those things to permanent. So, we are still -- we will still have some COVID savings in Q4. It'll be probably less than what it is in Q3. But, I can tell you, all of our business units have additional cost actions. As we look ahead, there are further opportunities we think we'll have, especially as it relates to facilities and productivity improvements, and again, some further consolidations in some back office areas. So, we're still excited about the work the transformation team is doing as we look ahead.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So, we were talking about rational pricing and really no supplier price increases in automotive. The actions taking both in our Automotive and our Industrial business are really buy side, sell side type pricing, global sourcing type internal gross margin initiatives. Really again, there are no drastic changes in the pricing environment. We've just gotten much more strategic as it relates to both, retail and commercial pricing in our gross margin efforts.
Carol Yancey: No. I mean, Greg, we've had 12 consecutive quarters of gross margin improvement in an environment with lower sales volumes and no inflation and tariffs. And again, we've got pricing, data analytics. We've got investments we've made. Again, we are getting improved gross margin with these initiatives and remaining very competitive. So, the idea is to grow our sales and grow the business. And again, I'm really pleased to see the opportunities and the results that we've gotten in the gross margin area.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank all of you for your participation in today's call, and we look forward to reporting our year-end results in February. Thank you very much for your support of Genuine Parts Company. Have a great day.
