Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So that's a recap of our first quarter numbers, and we're proud of the results that were produced by the GPC team. Thanks to their efforts, we feel that we're off to a good start to 2011. Now as far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we continue to be optimistic about our prospects in each of our four businesses. There are a few uncertainties, however, including the increase in the price of gasoline, specifically, and the fragility yet in the economic recovery in general. But to this point, we seem to be weathering the situation fairly well. Additionally, we point out that our comps get even more challenging over the remaining three quarters of the year, with revenues being up 13% over the final nine months of 2010 and earnings per share being up 22%.  With all of this in mind, our expectations are to grow total revenues by 9% to 11% for the full year, which implies an 8% to 10% increase over the remainder of the year, and this is up from our prior full year guidance of 6% to 8%. And this is based on Automotive being up 6% to 8%; Industrial, 15% to 17%; Office Products, 4% to 6%; and the Electrical/Electronic being up 16% to 18%. And by achieving revenue increases in these ranges, we think earnings will be in the range of $3.32 to $3.42, which is up $0.10 from our prior guidance of $3.22 to $3.32, and would represent an EPS increase of 11% to 14% for the full year. At this time, we'd like to take your questions, and we'll turn the call back over to Andrea.
Thomas Gallagher: And Scot, I think it's important to also to just emphasize something Jerry just said, and that is we see the trends on the margin, we're working on it, and I'm confident we'll show some improvement. But when we see the trends like they are, we work hard on the cost side of it as well to protect the bottom line, and we're pleased with the fact that we were able to keep our SG&A growth to less than what our gross profit situation would dictate.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we're looking at the Industrial and the Electrical/Electronic first, you saw today the March Industrial production and capacity utilization numbers, and they continue to remain at very healthy and encouraging levels. So we feel pretty good about our prospects in each of those businesses for several quarters at least. On the Office Products side, we would just say that we have been able to show some sequential improvement since midyear last year, and our expectation is that we'll be able to generate increases at least in line with what we've done over the past quarter or two. On the Automotive side, there's nothing that causes us to have any real concern other than the price of fuel. And we don't know what the impact is going to be on that. We've held up well thus far on the sales side. It has impacted our SG&A across all of the businesses. But what we have seen in terms of outbound sales is we have seen some reduction in the demand for any discretionary type items, and we saw that late February, early March and on through the month of March. But I think maybe we're just reading what the same things you guys are putting out in terms of some concern about fuel pricing and what it might do to demand. But as I said earlier, at least through our latest report in April, things are holding up pretty well for us.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I don't think we can get too specific on the initiatives that are underway. I would say that the last two quarters, we have seen 400,000 plus increases in service sector employment. And that's the first time we've seen anything like that going all the way back to 2007. So I think that the external demand is a little better than what it had been this time last year. And then that coupled with some of the specific things that the Office Products team is doing, I think give us some encouragement, some optimism for the remainder of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: We have a very small amount that comes directly from in country, and we don't see as yet any disruptions there. What we don't know at this point, John, is any component pieces that maybe some of our other vendors maybe sourcing out of Japan. But we've talked to every vendor and at this point, we think the supply line looks pretty good going forward. We don't anticipate any disruption right now.
Thomas Gallagher: Not right now, we don't. We've got some discussions that are going and they're only discussions at this point. But they're pretty much in the range that Jerry mentioned.
Thomas Gallagher: We think that we can improve the operating margins in each of the four businesses. We don't think that there's anything dramatic that's going to happen from one quarter to the next. But we have stated before that our longer-term expectations for Automotive will be 8% to 8.5%. And at this point, we continue to think that, that's achievable over a several year period.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, taking the first part of the question first, we did -- we were impacted by the weather in January and, to a degree, in February as well. But we were able to recover from that impact in the latter part of February and on into March. As far as the impact of fuel pricing, we haven't seen it materially yet, but that's not to say that we might not. We have seen discretionary spending tighten up a little bit in the Automotive business, and we think that there may be some further tightening that might come. But the way we're structured, our model is that we're 25% to 30% retail and we're 70% to 75% wholesale or commercial. And the Commercial business will be a little less impacted by that than the Retail business will be. But again, looking sequentially at the quarter, our weakest quarter on the retail side or weakest month on the retail side was actually in the month of March. So that may be an early indicator, but we're not ready to categorically say it's a trend.
Thomas Gallagher: We were up in our Fleet business 5% in the quarter, which we think just shows some good stabilization in that business. And at this point, based upon the indices that we track and talking to customers, we think that, that is sustainable over the remainder of the year. We're not looking for a return to high single or low double-digit growth in that segment, at least not in the foreseeable future. But if we can continue to maintain something in the mid-single digits, I think we'd be happy with that.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look at the Megas, the three primary ones, and we sell -- understand, we sell into the commercial side of their businesses, not to the retail side. So our sales patterns were more -- reflect what they're able to do on their Contract business. And if you look back to last year, you could see that, for the most part, it was a tough year on that business for them and our results reflected that. We did see one of them turn low single-digit positive on the Contract business in the fourth quarter. The other two remained low single-digit negative. We have not seen first quarter results as yet, but we think it's going to continue to be a gradual improvement there. Our business is roughly 82% with the Independents and 18% with the Megas. So right now, we're fortunate that the Independent business remains reasonably healthy for us.
Thomas Gallagher: I don't know that I could give you an absolute answer on that. But what I would say is that it's clearly driven by the double-digit growth that we're getting on the Installer side of the business. As I mentioned in my remarks, we have seen double-digit growth there for four quarters now, and we feel quite good about the job that our teams are doing in growing that business. So we'll have to wait and see what the rest of the industry reports. But the Installer business has been and continues to be pretty healthy for us, and our expectation is that it will continue to be that in the quarters ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Just a little more color, Jerry mentioned the fuel cost. It was several million dollars in the quarter. So it was significant, it was material.
Thomas Gallagher: Mike, I'll take that. In terms of what we expect for the remainder of the year, at this point, we would say that there'll be more price increases coming over the remainder of the year than what we've seen through the first quarter. We hear discussions and conversations today that a number of the vendors are looking for some price adjustments in and around the midyear time frame. And we have some idea of the range in most cases, so our expectation is that we'll see more impact as the year progresses. But our expectation in the guidance is that we'll continue to enjoy reasonably healthy unit growth as well.
Thomas Gallagher: I don't -- in terms of what mechanisms, I think as price increases flow through the channel, we'll have an opportunity not to just pass along the price increase, but maybe to do some adjustments in the process. So our hope and expectation, frankly, is that we will start to show some stability on the gross profit line and then continue to do a pretty decent job on the SG&A line. But we'll just have to wait until we get the opportunity to make some of those adjustments.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we won't pick up anything on the warranty side, Brian, because they have to use OE part from their channel. But on the customer pay, if there are some supply disruptions, and we do have an opportunity there and we have an opportunity both through our NAPA AutoCare and Major Accounts side of business. And also, if there are disruptions through the OE channels, we have an opportunity with the dealers for non-warranty repair work. So we think that may be a positive for us to one degree or another in the quarter or two ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, first of all, I'd complement our team on the NAPA side that worked with the agency to create those ads. We've heard they're a bit edgy, but we also know that they drove awareness quite well. So I do think they're encouraged by what they saw in the results, and you may see a bit more. But you won't see anything dramatically more. And then you'll see a lot of local advertising over the course of the year as well. But all geared toward playing up the idea that our people that work on our stores are pretty knowledgeable. They're good parts professionals, and we're proud of them, and we want to tout that fact.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, the one area across our entire customer set, the one area that continues to be challenged is any of the industries that are related to commercial or residential construction. So we don't anticipate any material change in the demand patterns in those areas. Conversely, we do think that there are several that we could see continued strength and perhaps even a little further strengthening as we go forward. Petrochem would be one. Some of the oil exploration-related businesses could be another. Some of the infrastructure-related businesses that might be positively impacted as we get into the warmer weather and see more of that work being done. So we continue to remain quite optimistic about the prospects in that business over the remainder this year, honestly.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, that's right. Although I should say Automotive would have that too, because we deal with a lot of independent contractors on the Automotive side.
Thomas Gallagher: We can't give you an absolute forecast or one number. What we can tell you is that there is more discussion going on right now than what we have seen in some time in terms of vendors proposing and needing price increases. We do think we will see more of an impact from inflation as we work our way through the remainder of the year. Much of it, I think will come in the second half of the year, Q3 and Q4.
Jerry Nix: No, if there was just one thing, it would be a lot easier to solve the problem. This affects all four of our business units. And as I mentioned, we do have a lot of Major Accounts in all of them, and while they have lower margin, they generate a lot more volume. But it's a pricing issue, it's a purchasing issue, it's a combination of all of those. And some of the issues that we have in place, we have some pricing software that we're looking at to improve that. But if you look back, Scot, this was going on last year as well. And so it's continued and some of that is just the nature of the economic climate that we're operating in. A lot of our customers refuse to take any increases. And at this point, we push back on taking any increases, as you could tell from the price increase that had been passed through to us. But it may be some of it is commodity driven, but we don't have anything that detailed on it at this point. But there are a number of things that we're working at, and I think we can stabilize that over the remainder. It's not something you can correct in one quarter, but it's something we can stabilize over the remainder of this year.
Jerry Nix: No, it truly is across-the-board. Each of the business units, one maybe down 20 basis points more than the others, something like that, but they're all down.
Jerry Nix: Not really, Scot. As you say, a lot of the customers just are in the climate that they're pushing back on all the costs, all the cost increases, including the cost of a product. And so are we, frankly. We're just not doing a good a job pushing back, I guess, as our customers are. But Scot, this is a concern of ours, and I think we can address it if the gross margin stabilizes, then we can certainly continue to take out in the SG&A line to offset that as we did this quarter. But yes, I think as long as we're under that pressure, we're going to continue to push back to our supplier as our customers are pushing back to us.
Jerry Nix: I don't think it's anything significant. Certainly, a part of that is increased fuel costs that we are absorbing. And at this point, we had less than 1% of the headcount that we reduced added back to support the 14% sales growth. So we have to continue to be focused on the service to our customers. We're going to have an expense increase, I wouldn't expect to see it at 9%. But then, it also depends on the level of revenue growth that we see. You will continue to see improvement in the percent of sales on the SG&A side. I can say that, I think, with confidence, but what percent increase in the total category, you're going to see, we just can't give you an answer.
Jerry Nix: Mike, we were basically flat in what we accrued for in the first quarter. We expect for the year to be up less than 10% in rebates for the whole company, and we accrued that and we were right at 25% in the first quarter based on the best estimates we can make for the full year. We're not going to grow our inventory to gain incentives. So if business continues strong, we'll hit those incentive targets just by the share purchases to support those sales.
Jerry Nix: Well, unless we make additional acquisitions, I mean, our intent is to keep that headcount growth that we took out, out of there. And unless we, an additional acquisition or two depending on the size could add to that number, but I don't see it growing over 1% again in 2011.
Jerry Nix: Thank you, Andrea. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today. We're grateful to those of you that continue to support and have an interest in Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you when we release our second quarter results or if anything happens of any significance prior to that. Have a good day.
