Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. In our closing comments last quarter, we alluded to a few areas requiring improvement and we outlined our plans to drive these improvements. We called out the need to show progress in our core operating results, specifically our U.S. Automotive margins. We discussed the need to drive core sales growth to better leverage our fixed expenses. We also discussed rising cost and the need to aggressively attack operating cost, while continuing to provide exceptional customer service. We are pleased we can report progress in just about every facet of our U.S. Automotive operations along with our other business units. As we look to the highlights from the third quarter, there are many. Sales remained strong at $4.7 billion and up 15%. Comp sales were up 4.3%, our strongest comp increase in almost four years, driven by improvement across all of our business segments. Automotive comp sales plus 3%, including a 3.2% increase for our U.S. operations, the strongest comp since Q1 of 2016. Industrial comp sales at plus 7%, the strongest comp since Q4 of 2014. And finally, Business Products Group comp sales 1.3%, their strongest comp growth since Q3 of 2015. We saw a continued gross margin expansion and improving SG&A expense trend. Our operating margin expansion driven by 30 basis point improvement in Automotive and 20 basis point improvement in Industrial. Adjusted EPS of $1.48 was up 29%, and we strengthened our balance sheet, improved our operating cash flows, with the excellent working capital management. We announced strategic acquisitions with Automotive adding TMS and Platinum in Europe and Hastings in the U.S. and Industrial adding HSC. And finally, we increased our full year sales guidance to plus 14% to plus 15%, and we fine-tuned our full year adjusted EPS guidance to plus 19% to plus 21% over last year. So, it was a productive quarter for GPC, and we entered the final quarter of 2018 with plans and initiatives to further improve on our operating results. We remain committed to an organic and acquisitive sales strategy to drive long-term sustained revenue growth while also focusing on the continued improvement in our gross margins and cost management. We are excited for the future, and as always, we look forward to updating you on our progress when we report again next quarter. With that, we'll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, strong-strong quarter in our battery business, strong quarter in our filter business. Those two categories are two of our single largest categories. We had another good quarter in our tool and equipment business. So those would be three that certainly would warrant being called out. But we also called out AutoCare, our NAPA AutoCare business, which is a $1 billion-plus business for us. We had our really -- our second really good quarter in a row. Many of the initiatives our team has put into place are beginning to take hold, which is great to see. And on the Major Accounts side, our nationally-branded chain, all showed solid growth in the quarter as well. So a combination of things. And Chris, we always talk about the weather. That certainly did not hurt us at all in the quarter as well.
Paul Donahue: Well, September was still -- again, if you go back to the weather, Chris, September was still really warm month in many of our markets. But I think it's also, as we have said many, many times on these calls, that the weather tends to build on itself. So you had a really cold winter followed by a hot summer. That hot summer -- the batteries and the like aren't going to fail immediately when you hit the months of June and July. It does tend to build on itself. And I think, what we saw with our strong average daily sales in September was just really the culmination of all that wear and tear, and certainly, we saw it in the failure-type products as well as the maintenance products.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Happy to Jonathan. We saw real strength in some of our biggest markets. We were certainly led in the quarter by our Midwest business, our Midwest team had a terrific quarter with strong single-digit comps. Our Northeast part of the country also had a very strong quarter, and that team has been performing well all year. Some of our warmer markets to the Southeast and Southwest performed well. Again, the Southeast has been stepping up most of the year for us. So those would be four that I would definitely call out.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, first Jonathan, I appreciate you asking that question. The -- we had two events, one really hit in October and that would be Michael, but Florence definitely had an impact across our business and more in our Atlantic division, which is up in the Carolinas. We had close to, I think, 100 stores closed at one time in NAPA, but we also had many of our Motion branches that were closed. We'll pick up some of those sales with storm-related-type products, generators, cleanup supplies and the like. And -- but I would tell you, a good bit of our focus was really assisting both our associates as well as our independent owners, just helping get back on their feet and recover from some of the damages in the stores. Michael, which, as we know, was I think the worst hurricane to hit the U.S. in 50-plus years. We still have parts at the Panhandle that do not have electricity. We had stores as well as Motion branches in the Panhandle. Panama City had significant damage, significant water damage. But other stores in the Panhandle as well as South Georgia as well were impacted.
Paul Donahue: And Matt, I would just add to that, the team at Motion is always looking at opportunities to consolidate facilities and branches where possible and where necessary. We are also looking at further investing in productivity-enhancing technology in our operations as well. And then last is, as we do in our Automotive business, we're just looking constantly at tools that will help us optimize our pricing approach and pricing strategies.
Paul Donahue: Elizabeth, thanks for your question, and no, there is nothing on the horizon that would suggest that we should see a slowdown in our parts business here in the U.S. If anything, we think some of the tailwinds that we'll get from the car park – the aging of the car park as we further distance ourselves from 2008 and 2009 will actually be a benefit. So you started out with assuming we have normal weather, that's always an impact. We'll just – we'll continue to hope for the best. But no, they are – we are bullish on our parts business here in the U.S. and expect to see it to continue to perform well.
Paul Donahue: Seth, I would just add a couple of comments to what Carol said. One of the things that doesn't get talked about much as we discussed tariffs, there's a positive outcome to the situation with tariffs as well and that's for Motion. If you recall, one of our top- performing business segments this past quarter is an iron and steel. We've got mills coming back up online in the U.S., and those are a few of our biggest customers promotion. So that business is benefiting from the tariffs, continues to do very, very well. But at the end of the day, Seth, our expectation is that we will pass along the price increases as we have in the past. But I would also tell you that we'll monitor the situation very closely. We'll watch we are lining up competitively in the marketplace and we'll respond accordingly.
Paul Donahue: Yes, we would, Seth. And I would just say that the 40% is our total amount of our imports coming into the Automotive parts group. We would say, directly out of China is closer to sort of 20%. But as I said, we'll continue to monitor it, and if we have to look for alternative sources, we will do so. The advantage of having a extremely strong brand like NAPA is we can shift and we can shift very quickly to other countries and other sources if we find that we can't remain competitive in a particular market.
Paul Donahue: And then Bret, I would just – the second part of your question, with some of our acquisitions, our expectations is those will not be dilutive to our overall margins. And as you know, we've been quite active on the M&A front in Europe and we intend to continue to be. I think what has been encouraging for us in 2018 is our core growth, and we continue to see same-store sales in the core markets we currently compete in, in the 3% to 4% range. And that's been – that's honestly been very encouraging for us, and we expect that – and intend to keep that moving forward. We're excited with the acquisitions of both TMS and Platinum and then Hennig, which will be, we suspect, finalized in Q4. All three will be additive to AAG in 2019.
Paul Donahue: Well, I guess, Bret, we'll have to wait and see how the other public companies report. You never quite know for sure.
Paul Donahue: When you're the first one out, you'll have to kind of wait and see. But look, we're pleased with the 3.2%, and as I said in my prepared remarks, Bret, our team has worked awfully, awfully hard, and it's great to see the turnaround and the continued sequential improvement in our same-store sales. I would just give you a little bit more color on our Major Account business. The growth that we're seeing, I called out our nationally-branded chain, they are doing well. Where we've seen a little bit of a softness is in some of our government business and a bit of our fleet business, and that's an opportunity for us to get that back on a growth curve in Q4 and on into 2019.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Greg, as far as yesterday's announcement, it's a bit early for us to have any real specific reaction. We didn't really get any details as what their plan is or how the mechanics of this are going to work. What I would tell you from Genuine Parts Company and NAPA, what we are excited about and we'll continue to invest in is our own online initiatives and driving our omnichannel strategy. We launched an app online, which is our flagship here in the U.S. We're seeing over 0.5 million visits now per month. We have customers both click and collecting in our stores as well as having products shipped directly to home. We reached – recently launched in Australia. We've had over 3.5 million visits to our new site there, averaging 25,000 a day in terms of site visits. We launched in Canada as well. So we're focused on our omnichannel strategy. Greg, feel good about what we're doing, we feel good. And I'm glad you called out that our commercial businesses, which is our real focus. And when you think about the new sites and the announcements of yesterday, I think that's going to be more DIY-centric than it would ever be DIFM- type centric.
Paul Donahue: Chris, I would also – when you start to break it down on the Automotive side and you start to look at the various product categories that are impacted that we know of right now, you also need to look at what's not impacted. So our biggest categories, which I mentioned earlier, where we saw a significant growth in Q3, batteries, filters, oil and chemicals, none of those product categories are impacted by the tariffs. The tariffs, really, you're looking at undercar, some brake rotors friction, chassis-type product. So yes, it's impactful. We've got cross-functional teams working between our pricing groups, our sourcing groups, our product groups that are pouring through the data. And again, as I said in my earlier comments, our intention is that we will pass it through as we normally do, but we will also continue to monitor where we are from a competitive standpoint.
Paul Donahue: Yes. I mentioned earlier, Chris, when I break down our Major Accounts business, you really got to get into the detail and look at the various segments. Our Major Accounts business was basically flat, down slightly in Q3. But our nationally-branded chains, all performed well in the quarter. Where we saw some – where we saw a bit of softness was in our fleets and some of our government business. So our team's working really hard to understand where some of that softness is coming from in the fleet business, and we're going to work really hard to turn that around in Q4 and heading into 2019.
Carol Yancey: Yes, I think on the inflation front, we did see a bit of inflation in Q3 and you mentioned the 40 bps that really is what we saw in the latter part of the nine months. We'd be lucky to get to a full point by the end of the year, maybe more like a 0.5 to maybe 0.75 at the end of the year, excluding any kind of tariff impact. So again, positive for us to see but truly not a significant impact on our true same-store sales. I mean, we had, just as Paul mentioned, strong commercial growth with a couple of our major wholesale-type programs and improvement across the board in a lot of product categories.
Carol Yancey: Sure. We are implying for an Automotive comp guidance would be similar to where we are through the full year. So if you look at Automotive, and our total Automotive comps excluding AAG through the nine months around 2%, so we would assume in Q4 that we would have 2% to 3% comps, but maybe more towards the 3% range. So that's implied in our guidance. Matthew
Carol Yancey: Well, that's consistent with what our implied Q4 guidance is. So again, we're going to be comfortable with that range.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So great question. And look, we are pleased with where Industrial is from a sales basis, and actually, as we called out all year, they've had really nice improvement on the gross margin line. So for the quarter and year-to-date, nice, close to 40 bps improvement on the gross margin line. Where the headwinds are is in SG&A, and as we pointed out all year, I mean, they saw, as with many businesses, significant increase in freight and freight-related cost. So to the tune of 20 to 25 basis points is what we are seeing. We saw it in Q2 and seeing in Q3. Also, have some payroll pressures, which, again, we talked about before. So it's causing them -- despite having a strong 7% growth, causing them not to quite have as much leverage on the SG&A side. Having said that, our industrial teams are working really hard to make sure that they can pass along these increases and look forward to passing those along. You don't always are able to pass it along as quickly as you'd like because so much of their business is under contract. But they're working hard to kind of drive the freight recovery through higher cost of invoicing, and they're also looking to leverage better on their staffing levels and just overall SG&A. So again, we see improvement there but really the things that are holding us back are on the SG&A line.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So what I would speak to on gross margin, if you strip out the impact of AAG, our gross margin in the quarter was up probably 20 to 25 basis points. And I would say that, that came from a combination of the Industrial improvement that I talked about earlier and also the U.S. Automotive improvement as well. Now these are being offset by a decline on the Business Products side, which is primarily related to the mix issues that we've faced basically all year. So our core gross profit, again, has been up pretty consistently for a couple of quarters, and we would expect to be able to continue to see improvement there.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So I think the first comment I mentioned is on the Industrial side. You saw pretty heavy inflation that they've seen year-to-date, 3.2%. That – some of that is indirectly tariff-related because there are a number of – there are manufacturing partners that have materials and components from China that could be part of their final products. So there is some implied tariff that's in the Industrial business, and we talked about passing that through and there is a little bit of a lag there. But as it relates to the Automotive side and Business Products, I mean, through the nine months, we would say that there was minimal impact of tariffs. As you know, the more significant tariff, the List 3 came into effect the last quarter – for the last week in September. So as we look ahead on that, we would expect to be working, and we have been working very closely with our suppliers, and our intention would be to pass those along to the customer.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I'll start off with a working capital for AAG and just comment that our improvement in working capital in Q3 was completely driven by our core existing business, primarily Automotive, with the impact of extended terms with some of our U.S. vendors and then also more normalized level of purchasing. So we have not seen the impact of the working capital improvement, specifically for AAG. But having said that, we've got a number of things in process that we know that we will be able to achieve those synergies and the working capital improvement within the next – at the end of three years is what we've got out there. So we are certainly encouraged by the opportunities we have coming on working capital from AAG and know that there are opportunities there.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I'll just mention, and you're right, on the payroll and the freight, both of those in Q2 and also Q3 are growing at a pace much further than our sales. So if sales are growing without AAG 5%, freight and delivery is up something like 10%, 11% and payroll's up 6% or 7%. So you're certainly seeing that and we're expecting that to continue in Q4. The real modification, and again, we were pleased to be able to raise our sales guidance when we considered where we were thus far in nine months, consider the acquisitions. And then quite honestly, net of an FX headwinds, we are pleased to raise the sales guidance. We really just fine-tuned the earnings guidance based on where we are thus far. And look, FX had a negative impact of $0.02 in the quarter, and there may be a little bit more pressure in Q4. As I mentioned, we still have the pressures from payroll and freight. We called out a little bit of a corporate expense number, too. So just – really just narrowing, refining where we think we're going to be based on where we are through nine months.
Carol Yancey: Actually, if we – we're still looking at that. When you look at our minimum lease payments, which is something like $1.1 billion and when you add some of the other items that will go in there, you're probably fairly close. But quite honestly, as I think all companies probably facing this, I think there will be a consistent change in how everybody looks at this and whether everybody pulls it out and would start it without leases or it just adjust. But again, we – the idea is we have a reasonable level that we are at right now. We certainly have capacity and flexibility, and with our working capital improvement, we're really pleased with that. So I don't think the lease number is going to change the basic strategy of our capital allocation or debt or acquisition strategy.
Carol Yancey: Yes, Chris. And again, I just want to be clear that what we gave out, so for our U.S. Automotive business, which, again, is probably about – if you look at our total cost of goods sold for the company, U.S. would be, say, 75% to 80%. When you look specifically at Automotive, we said 40% is directly sourced outside the U.S. and 20% of that would be China impacted by tariff. And so, as we work and look down through Industrial, as I mentioned, very, very small amount. It's more indirect. Office products, we would have something like 10% of their cost of goods sold that's subject to the Chinese tariffs, even though they source a lot more outside the U.S. There's products that aren't subject to it. So at the end of the day, when you look for GPC in total, you're talking about less than 10% of our cost of goods sold. In total, something more like maybe 7% or 8% that is impacted.
Carol Yancey: So what we are talking about is the List three, the 10% tariff, about $200 billion in goods that just went into effect at the very end of September. And so what we're talking about is what is specifically impacted by the ones that have just been passed. And again, remember, there is – there was no really – no impact, virtually no impact on our business through the nine months.
Carol Yancey: Well, we want to thank each of you for listening to and participating in our earnings call today. And we look forward to reporting back to you with our Q4 results in February. Thank you.
