Tom Gallagher: So, Seth, I’ve taken and may be in a couple of buckets. Certainly we are up against some really tough comps, we knew that going in. First quarter was our strongest of the year, last year. So I’d certainly say that had an impact. Two, I’d say, some of the key product line disruptions that we experienced along with the West Coast port issues cost us in the first quarter. And I don’t think that will be strictly relegated to GPC and NAPA, I think, that will be felt by others, as well. The energy sector had an impact for sure, Seth. Some of the – certainly Texas which is what everybody thinks about when they think about the energy sector, but parts of the Mountain Division for us, as well as some parts of Canada, certainly Alberta, Canada were impacted, as well. And then last but not least, the one that we always chat about and that’s the weather, the weather was of no help at all to us, we don’t think in the first quarter.
Tom Gallagher: Greg, I would just add to that. I think we would expect that the receivables will improve sequentially and be more in line with the overall revenue growth as we get towards the second half of the year.
Tom Gallagher: Yes in fact we do think oil and gas will continue to be a headwind. And that’s got a fairly long tail, it’s not just the number of rigs that are running. When you think about that it also extends into steel, for instance, I’ll referenced steel in my comments earlier, none of those pipes are being purchased to go down in the wells and extends into some of the other customer segments additionally. So that would be one thing. And then with industrial production and capacity utilization and the Purchasing Managers Index, we did see some moderation. As the quarter progressed, we were pleased to see a slight uptick in the March industrial production from the revised February industrial production, but we just want to be a bit cautious. And as I mentioned in my comments, we do track to the best of our ability what we would refer to as project work. And we are a bit encouraged by the fact that both the number of projects in-house and the dollar amount are showing nice increases and hopefully they worked their way through the income statement in the months ahead.
Tom Gallagher: I will try to answer that, Chris this is Tom. I think it’s a combination of all of the things you referenced. The way we work with our independent owners is that we try to stay very close to them not just operationally, but also with their succession planning. And if they don’t have someone in mind to pass the business down to another family member perhaps or good long-term employee then, we’ll work with them to identify another independent that might have an interest in buying their business and we’d have several different programs available to help facilitate that. And then if in fact we don’t come up with someone that should have opt to buy the business, we’ll certainly step in and buy it, and in many cases we’ll run it for a period of time, until we find a good locally based independent to run the business from that point on.
Tom Gallagher: I think most of our regions showed some pick up in the second half of March as Paul referenced. And also as he referenced, we continue to see headwinds in the energy related areas. But much of what we experienced in the first quarter was transitory. If you think about the comps, the comps get a little bit easier, they were strong all year along, but they get little bit easier as we work our way through the year. Certainly the impact of the weather will moderate as we work our way through the year and the impact, just for clarification, the impact issue is that we did not have the extreme temperatures over the period of time that we had in the early part of Q1 last year. What we did have is there is a lot of ice and a lot of snow that had a negative impact on all of our businesses frankly because we had a number of closures, both our own facilities, as well as customers’ facilities. So we’re through that at this point and some of the supply chain disruption that Paul referenced will moderate as we work our way over the next couple of months. So you know, we gave you the number for the quarter we also gave you the guidance for the year, and the guidance for the year suggest that we expect our Automotive business to pick up in the remaining three quarters of the year.
Tom Gallagher: Yes, we don’t give that out, but we have said in the past that the direct exposure for Motion industries is low single-digit, but the hard number to really get to is the indirect exposure. And what I mean by that, I referenced earlier that certainly the rig operators, our business with them is down, but then if you went to the steel side of things, all of the demand for new piping to go down hole that’s gone. Some of the pumps and motor demand that would be the anomaly that’s diminished and then what we don’t and can’t quantify is that when you have the massive number of layoffs specific to that segment, you have all of those workers that are for the most part moving in other areas, but that takes the demand out of the areas that they were in and it doesn’t get replaced one-for-one into the areas that they move to, so you see the ripple effect of that. And we see that back up on other manufacturing customers. So it’s hard to get a true number, but the direct absolute impact we know is in the low single-digit. And then it ripples beyond that.
Tom Gallagher: And also I want to go back on the question about did the comps include the extra day in March, yes they did, but in the quarter, we had the same number of dates for the quarter, we were short one day earlier in the quarter and we picked it up in the month of March. So the comps are comparable.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think, our customer base, let me back up first Bret. What we call project work is a lot of times our customers will have plans to do some major refurbishment on a piece of equipment or take a line down to refurbish the line. And they let us know in advance of what their plans are, so that they can be sure that we’ve got all of the product that they may need, when they get into the actual work. So we tried to track as best we can the number of those that we’ve been notified of and also the estimated value of the work. So, we see a nice increase both in terms of numbers, as well as in terms of the dollar value. Now not all of them come to fruition we have seen some overtime we’ve seen some that we’re plan get differed. But with the increase that we see right now we would lead us to believe that over the next quarter or two, we’re going to see some nice project work flow through the revenue line. And what’s driving that as you know we’ve got an aging base of the equipment that’s out there, you’ve got all customers are looking to be more efficient in what they do. So I think it’s been driven by the business demands that they see with their end markets and wanting to be sure that they are in a position to avoid any downtime going forward. Unplanned downtime.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, I guess I’ll start with the margin first. So we mentioned that decline in gross margin on a consolidated basis was solely related to the Office Products decline that you saw in the operating margin. So that would lead you to assume and while we don’t disclose it separately is that the non-office businesses were either flat to up slightly. So we actually were pleased with the automotive gross margins this quarter and the progress we’ve made. So, I would say that a lot of our initiatives and some of the impact that we talked about earlier with transactional FX headwinds that we had in Q4. Our teams did a lot of hard work in that area. We continue to have the usual customer product mix, but I think a lot of our initiatives are helping us to show that improvement. But honestly, where we – when we only have a 3% sales increase, it’s hard for us to get that operating margin up 10 or 20 basis points. So, we would still look for that on balance for the rest of the year. But I think we were pleased to keep the margins flat in automotive in light of what the comp sales increase was. And then the second question on the working capital, we were pleased with the progress that we made. And I think when we’re looking at the rest of the year; we would say that there would be improvement. We’ve reiterated our guidance on the working capital and the cash flow, but I think we saw some better results coming through on the first quarter. So, if we can continue to do the job with payables and inventory, I think you’ll see a continued improvement.
Carol Yancey: Really, that’s been specific. I think again as we look towards what we’re seeing in receivables, we just try to make sure that again if its customers are certain programs that we’re getting the corresponding offset on the payable side with our vendors.
Carol Yancey: Good question Bret. I would – we don’t give it out by segment I would tell you that as you know it’s more prevalent in automotive industry with the extended terms programs with the supplier. So a lot of our improvement is coming by way the Automotive Segment, but I would tell you also that all of the segments have programs going on and we visited with our teams and each one is them be it Office, be it Industrial, all have programs going on with their suppliers. So we looked at our AP to inventory and it’s 87% at the end of the quarter, it was 84% at the end of the year and 79% a year-ago, and I would tell you again that we don’t give it out by Automotive, but they’ll certainly be higher than that.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation on the call today, and we thank you for your continuous support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to reporting back out in July with our second quarter numbers. Thank you.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris, this is Paul. For sure the – what we’ve got a good deal of activity that’s continuing on that our team has involved in and the field that. And honestly, we’re quite pleased with the progress that we’ve seen both really in the second half of last year as well as in the first quarter of this year. And I would tell you that we don’t see that activity slowing down at all. As a matter of fact, we’re optimistic with what we see ahead of us in 2015.
Paul Donahue: All right, yes, Mark, this is Paul. I would tell you that throughout the first quarter it was pretty consistent, from January, to February to March, but we did see a little bit of a lift in the final two weeks of March for sure, which really that along with the extra selling day that we had in the month of March, gave us a record sales month. So I'm not prepared to talk about April, but we would hope to see that performance move into Q2.
Paul Donahue: Yes, thanks for the question. Basically, some of the things that we’re doing on the retail side, really it’s not right at the time we’re focused on the basics and the basics as I mentioned in my opening comments, simply are to ensure our stores are well stocked, ensure our planograms are up to-date, ensure our people are well trained on the floor and ensure our stores are open when customers want to shop them. And so it’s many of those basics that we have reinforced with our team and our company-owned stores and we’re pleased with the progress that we’re seeing, we saw it throughout last year and we continue to see in the first quarter of 2015.
Paul Donahue: Well, Bret great question, honestly we’re banking on some of that improvement coming in the second quarter. I think I mentioned to you we saw our battery business really take off in the month of March which we did not have in January and February. And we would hope for the same in some of the other key more weather related products as well.
Paul Donahue: Too early to tell Bret, I would tell you that that category was down slightly in the first quarter. And again we all keep an eye on the weather charge and we’re hoping for some warmer weather this summer. And if we get it, we think our owners and our stores will be well stocked with heating and air conditioning type products and we’ll take advantage of it.
