Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol. So that will conclude our prepared comments on 2015. And in closing, we would say as mentioned earlier, that it was a challenging year in many ways but a gratifying year in other ways. Our revenue production in local currencies was solid across our Automotive businesses as it was in Office Products, but Industrial and Electrical found it more difficult. We were pleased to see strong operating margin improvements in Automotive and Electrical, but we had operating margin declines in Office Products and Industrial. We were, however, able to show a 10-basis-point improvement for GPC overall despite the Office Products and Industrial challenges. Gross profit was down 12 basis points for the year, but good work was done on the SG&A side, and SG&A was down 20 basis points. As a result, pre-tax income was up slightly, but due to the higher tax rate that Carol explained, net income was down slightly. On the balance sheet side, the progress was more consistent, with cash from operations and free cash, both setting new records and working capital was reduced once again in 2015. And we returned well over $600 million back to shareholders through a combination of dividends and share repurchases. And we reinvested over $225 million back into the business through a combination of capital expenditures and acquisitions, and we expect to invest an additional $125 million in acquisitions over the next few months. And these CapEx and acquisition investments are intended to drive revenue and profit growth in the quarters ahead. Now, turning to the year ahead, as a general statement, we would say that we remain quite cautious in our outlook. The general economic conditions look a bit fragile and perhaps tenuous both domestically and globally. And as mentioned earlier, this is already having a significant impact on certain segments of our customer base, primarily in Industrial and Electrical. Conversely, we think that the outlook for our Automotive segment is generally favorable, but the currency impact will once again be a headwind to our Automotive growth in 2015. With all of that said, at this point, we would expect our 2016 revenues to be up 2% to 3% in Automotive with a currency headwind of 3%; Industrial, up 1% to 2%; Electrical, up 1% to 2%; Office Products, down 1% to up 1%; giving us a total GPC revenue expectation of being up 1% to 2% and up 3% to 4% before the currency impact. And with revenue growth at these levels, we would suggest an EPS range of $4.70 to $4.80, which will be up 1.5% to 3.5% after currency exchange impact of approximately $0.08 per share, and before the currency exchange impact, would be up 3% to 5% on a constant currency basis. At this point, we'd like to address your questions, and we'll turn the call back to Chris.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, Paul and I might double team this. But in his comments, he highlighted several things that we think are going to give us some good production in the year ahead. He talked about the top store initiative, and we'll add 150 of those this coming year and that will certainly be a benefit to us. So we've got other new distribution initiatives that will also help us. Paul mentioned some of the growth we're experiencing with NAPA AutoCare and with Major Accounts; we would expect that to continue in the year ahead. Our import program is performing well and we did add Olympus, the recent acquisition, so that will fuel growth there. So just a number of different things that we expect to have a positive impact as we go ahead.
Thomas C. Gallagher: The only one we've included in our guidance is Olympus. And just as a general statement, we normally will not include anything that we've not got a very, very high degree of confidence. And we've got a letter of intent and we've got a closing date, so we included Olympus. On the Industrial side, we included the two acquisitions that will close on March 1. But beyond that, we've not included any of the others in the guidance that we've given you.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Okay. We'll take the Automotive first. I think we're basing our guidance more on some of the underlying strategies than we are on any weather impact. And the issues that – or the initiatives that Paul and I detailed just a moment ago, I think, are the primary reasons that we've guided to the levels we've guided at. So I think we're pretty comfortable at those levels as we work our way through 2016. In terms of the inflection in Industrial, there are two things. Again, the comment I made about we'll be adding $50 million of annualized revenue as of March 1 with the two acquisitions that we're making, that's one thing. And then the second thing, it's – six weeks does not a trend make by any stretch. But what we saw on a per day basis in January and what we've seen through mid-month February is a little bit better than what we experienced certainly in Q4 of this past year. And the other thing is not included in the guidance would be an expectation that we might be able to make another acquisition or two over the course of the year in Industrial.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I don't know that it necessarily signals an increased focus, but there's a heavy emphasis and focus on strategic acquisitions right now, and we've actually got more discussions going than we had at certain points in the past. So, we're encouraged by the number of conversations that we're engaged in, and we would expect a certain number of those to come to fruition. And quite frankly, I think if we had 2015 to play over, we might have been even more aggressive on the acquisition front, but we just didn't find – we're unable to engage in enough discussions. But I think we've gotten that sorted out, and we're pleased with the level of activity we see there right now. So I don't think it at all indicates reduced interest in increasing the dividend, lower reduced interest in appropriate levels of share repurchase or CapEx expenditures across the businesses, but we're bit more optimistic about our opportunities on the acquisition right now than it might have been this time last year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes. I would say that's right. However, as Carol mentioned, if we would have find something larger that made sense for the shareholders then we would certainly like the opportunity to engage in that discussion. And the nice thing about our balance sheet is that we've got the wherewithal to fund acquisitions that are larger.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll try to answer that, Mark. This is Tom. First of all, the 50% to 55% is somewhat of an informal stated objective, and over time, we've come to conclude that a payout at that level is a reward and return back to the shareholder, while at the same time leaving us adequate funding to do the other things that we want to get done. So, yes, we're slightly above that. I think we're 57% of prior-year earnings with the recent dividend increase. I don't think you'll see us take that up materially from there. I think we'll take that, the capital that we're generating, the cash we're generating and invest it in some of these other areas.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Tony, I think it's more of the former two than the last point. We're not really bottom-fishing. We're not looking for distressed businesses. We're looking for businesses that give us an opportunity to expand geographically, or give us product diversification, and that fit us strategically for the long haul. I think, as I mentioned earlier to a prior question, I think we're just seeing right now the opportunity to at least engage in more discussions with certain sellers than perhaps we had seen a year ago. And certainly we're interested in following not just the discussions we're in now through to completion, but also identifying some additional opportunities that we could add to the organization.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, yeah, and I think you probably know at least we consider ourselves to be a fairly disciplined buyer, and there have been times in the past where we've engaged in discussions and we couldn't chin to the valuations and feel it was appropriate for our shareholders. But right now, we seem to have a number of folks that fit in the ranges that we would use for valuation purposes.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I don't know that I'd be in a position to address that honestly. The thing that I would say is that having the right amount of inventory and the right mix of inventory is a high priority for us across all of the businesses. And I think it's played out reasonably well for us and I expect that it'll be a heavy initiative for us going forward as well. I can't address what the competitors are doing.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I would take a first stab at that and Carol may jump in. But in the guidance that Carol provided, she said $140 million to $160 million in 2016, which is up a bit from where we have been historically. And I think for modeling purposes, you could probably use that for the years after 2016. So it is a little bit heavier. We're investing a bit heavier. And as Carol mentioned, it's for facility refreshments to enable us to be more productive in the throughput. It's for technology investments that enable us to either have better management information or enable us to be more productive in what we do. And at least as we look out over the next couple of years, it appears that that's an appropriate level for the next several years.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Carolina, I'll try to answer that one. Most of what we sell on the Industrial side is not for customer inventory. It's for something that they need right now. So inventory fluctuations are not that big of a factor for us honestly. So what we do see is we do have some customers that would hold some inventory. And if they're a multi-location customer, we do see them employing what we might call a buy – or use what we own already. So we do see some inventory transfer among plants under the same ownership, but I don't think inventory fluctuations are going to have a material effect on our demand patterns over the next year.
Carol B. Yancey: Elizabeth, we would talk about that. I guess I would say primarily it's more coming in the areas of productivity improvements, and we've talked a lot about the investments we've made in technology and productivity things, and that would be both on our warehouses and our stores. Also I would point out additional leverage in our shared services and areas we're doing there. Even in our freight, we look at freight and optimization of our routes, fuel prices, we had improvement there. And then even bringing on some of the acquisitions. We're able to bring them on and put them on what we call the GPC programs, and we get the benefit of better pricing for those folks. So to a lesser extent, you'd have the impact of lower bonuses and commissions, and then kind of a tightening up that we do, like on travel and some areas such as that.
Carol B. Yancey: It's really a combination of all those things. That was certainly not the primary. It's more in the productivity and some of the things that we're doing in improving our cost overall.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. Talk about CapEx first. I mean, some of the CapEx, and you saw that we were lower than what our guidance was for 2015, some of that is the timing of projects. But I would specifically call out, we have a couple distribution center refreshes, relocations where we're enhancing again the productivity. And so that's built into there. And then some of our IT investments that we've talked about, and certainly in the warehouse management area. But again, some of it is the timing on projects. But we're certainly comfortable with the range we've given. And then you mentioned on the improvements for cash flow, I mean, one of our sources of cash from operations was in the decrease in accounts receivable. We had almost a $200 million source from accounts receivable, more related to our decrease in sales. So that's why we're guiding to a little bit lower number because we think that receivables won't be as much of a help to us in 2016.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. We were pleased to see that be at 94% at the end of the year, and as you mentioned, improvements from the 84% the prior year. We don't have a set target for 2016, but I would tell you that we certainly would expect continued improvement. And there wasn't anything that drove that in particular in the fourth quarter. We continue to see improvement across all of our businesses. And that was really done despite lower inventory purchases in the Industrial sector, too
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. I would call out – so in the quarter, I would say that of the 110 basis point improvement, a third of that came from gross margin and two-thirds was from SG&A. So our core gross profit and we've called this out before, we've seen continued quarterly improvement in our core gross profits for Automotive. And that's both in the U.S. and our international businesses and there has been specific things done in our foreign businesses to really take control of gross profit, especially with the headwinds that they've had on the strong U.S. dollar. And then two-thirds of the improvement came from SG&A, and it's some of the things that we called out earlier. So, again, Automotive has done a terrific job on the productivity side. And again, calling out some specific things they've done with investments in technology and systems and the warehouses and the stores. And then also, again, the freight, we've talked about route optimizations in some of those areas. And then, to a lesser extent, you had lower bonuses and incentives that impacted that in the quarter as well.
Carol B. Yancey: Mark, I guess, we are probably implying – what we would imply is that we'd have some slight improvement in our operating margins. And I think what you called out is we would expect probably to see that, depending on the top line, more in the other sectors than the Industrial ones. But we're more implying for a slight improvement on the operating margin. I mean, we've called out we still have our corporate expense numbers a little higher. But again, I think we can be up slightly with what we're targeting.
Carol B. Yancey: It's still premature, but our thoughts on that, is that we'll probably do some type of a renewal as we get close to the end of the year.
Carol B. Yancey: I guess, I think the only other two things I'd add is one is our maintenance level of CapEx, if you will, the amount we need to do each year is probably more in the $100 million range. And the other thing is we have our distribution footprint out there. I mean, we're really in all the areas we need to be. So, if anything, it's – we have a lighter level of investments on real estate. So more of ours is in the technology, productivity areas with systems. And so if we have investments in real estate, it's more due to a relocation or refresh.
Carol B. Yancey: We thank all of you for participating in today's call, and we appreciate all of your support, and we look forward to reporting out to you with our first quarter results in April. Thank you.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yeah. Elizabeth, this is Paul. We'd certainly hope to see it. What we're seeing in the early part of the year is encouraging. And certainly the folks up in the Northeast, Boston, New York are feeling the impact of colder temps returning, and we're seeing a bit of it in the Midwest as well. So, absolutely, we are encouraged with some of the weather changes we're seeing.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yeah. I would add to that, Tom. We – Seth, we'll continue to be opportunistic and fairly aggressive on the acquisition front, both in the U.S. as well as international as evident by our Covs acquisition. We do hope to close that here very soon in Australia. And we continue to expand our presence in Mexico as well, and, as you know, we launched our NAPA initiative down there in late 2014. It's early yet, but we remain encouraged by what we see in those markets as well.
Paul D. Donahue - President: So, Bret, we're planning on 150 this year of our company-owned stores. We could go a bit greater in that number. We're going to see kind of how the first half plays out. When we've got stores that are in not exactly prime retail locations, so backstreets, more Industrial areas, we will certainly refresh those stores, but we will not go to the full top-store formats. But right now, we feel very good about our ability to roll out the 150, could expand it. We will also – any new stores and/or any new relocations this year, we will move to the new store format. And then at the appropriate time, we'll also bring in our independent owners who are ready to make that kind of a commitment as well.
Paul D. Donahue - President: So, Bret, we are already and have had an import business inside of the NAPA network for a number of years that's Altrom. So we've been in that space. Olympus will be a nice bolt-on addition to that business, and we'll certainly bring with it increased expertise. They've got a great management team, an experienced management team. We've got expansion opportunities up there in that marketplace, but we're excited to bring those guys on board.
Paul D. Donahue - President: Yes. Scot, this is Paul. What we saw in those markets that performed well, and I think I called out the East, certainly the Northeast, Florida, Central, out West, those businesses in Q4 all grew mid-single digits, good solid growth. The other end of the spectrum, and I believe I called out the Southwest and the Mountains, certainly impacted by oil and gas and Midwest, which we believe was more weather-related, were down low-single digits.
