Bert Nappier: Chris, it's Bert. I'll take that 1 a little bit and maybe pull it up first before I talk specifically about January and getting into '24. But in terms of guidance, as you heard in my prepared remarks, we're looking for 970 to 990 for the full year, 5% at the midpoint. Just to give you a little bit more color, we think the first half is a bit more moderated on both segments than the second half. Second half, we think will be a bit stronger. And that's really around how we're thinking about the interest rate environment, perhaps what could happen there in the second half and rebounding and improving industrial activity in the second half as well for the Motion business. Beyond that, you know the macro environment is pretty choppy. We've got high interest rates, stubborn inflation. We've got a lot of geopolitical considerations we're looking at, including an election here in the U.S. On the other side, we've got some of our own headwinds with some interest rate expense headwind for the year, and we'll be normalizing, as I said in my prepared remarks on inflation benefits against 23 million and looking at the cadence of the quarters, I don't want to give quarterly guidance. But as I just talked about, moderated first half, stronger second half and a few things specifically for Q1, we'll have some interest rate headwind -- interest expense headwind, excuse me, and a difficult comp promotion, they comped at 12% last year. Still strong industrial production Q1 of 2023. We'll come up against that here in the first quarter of '24. And for the NAPA U.S. auto business, we'll be looking at a comp against some high single-digit inflation from Q1 a year ago. Taking all that together, a long answer here, but taking all that together, we do expect the NAPA business to improve sequentially from Q4 on a reported basis even with that headwind from inflation. And we're encouraged, as Will said, with what's happening in January. We really feel like we're off to a good start, met our expectations for what we were looking for in January. But as you also look at the cadence of the year, I still expect Q1 to be our weakest earnings quarter of 2024, but remain very confident in our full year guidance.
Bert Nappier: Well, look, I don't want to get into giving you intra-quarter guidance since I'm not going to give you the quarterly guidance. I'll just kind of stick with where we are, not focus on 1 month since 1 month doesn't make a quarter but we're encouraged by January, particularly in the NAPA business, it improved sequentially from December and better expectations to start the quarter.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Michael, it's Bert. So we gave comp sales guidance for Global Automotive segment of 2% to 4%. I don't want to get into too much geographic difference. But we'll say that the market, when you take all of our geographies together, is somewhere between flat to 2% up. We've already talked about inflation, that will be about one point or so. And we're assuming that we'll get one point or so from acquisitions as we look at the automotive segment when we move through 2024. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of color on the breakdown of how we're thinking about sales growth.
Bert Nappier: Look, on the capital allocation side, this will show up as M&A. These are small acquisitions. And so that won't really be a CapEx number, but more of an M&A number. And look, they're very attractive to us. We have got a great balance sheet a lot of financial strength and flexibility to be able to lean in here and we'll have the ability to do that. These are attractive in terms of being accretive almost immediately as we recapture some of the margin we were sharing previously with an independent owner. We get to reduce some of the structural costs and the way we serve our customers. We'll capture some SG&A synergies, particularly on the IT side and with some of the team members and the overhead and back office ranks. And we'll drive some incremental sales, as Will mentioned. We really have an ability to partner our commercial activities where also with an independent owner, they may not be fully NAPA sourced, we'll be able to increase that as well. These are asset deals and always and generally in high-performing markets. So we like the lean here, and we think there's a lot to love.
Bert Nappier: I'll start maybe with the second part of that. So in terms of where will they show up in the P&L, this is a global restructuring. So we'll have all the business units participating. In terms of breakdown of where you'll see things -- the biggest part of our SG&A cost is people cost. And so you'll see the vast majority of the benefit. About 2/3 of the benefit we expect to get will come out of the people side. It will be about half of the cost. It starts already. So we've announced last week, a voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. That is the preponderance of the activity, and you'll see that show up in our U.S. business results as we move forward. The offer period for that closes here in the first quarter. So we won't expect any Q1 benefits of that, but you'll see those build as we get through the second half or last 3 quarters of the year. In terms of cash, noncash, I would say it's predominantly cash. We do have DC and facility consolidation. Some of that will be a noncash charge. But I would say at this point, particularly with the voluntary retirement offer in the U.S., it's predominantly cash. And then we both report it all at the nonrecurring expense as we move forward and call that out for you guys.
Bert Nappier: Daniel, thanks for the question. Look, I would tell you that the big construct here is to protect the field customer-facing selling organization. It's super important to how we go to market how we can stay very competitive. And so as we look at the voluntary program in the U.S., which is, as I said earlier, the substantial majority of all the activity we're taking that voluntary program is very thoughtful. It's targeted to those that are closer to retirement, which is why it's a voluntary retirement offer. And mostly focused on management and back office spans and layers. And so I would just say that we feel really good about the thoughtfulness that was put in by our teams of how to make sure that we strike the balance here between continuing to serve our customers and deliver every single day, but at the same time, do the right thing for the business for the long term and streamline some of our costs.
Paul Donahue: Josh, I would just tag on to what Will said. We -- look, we own our results for '23. We've touched on that. It's now behind us. We've got new leadership at NAPA. We've got an improved supply chain -- we've got improved search capabilities, new sales structure in the field, and we're confident that business, as I think I said in my prepared remarks, our best days are in front of us. So we're encouraged, as Bert said, by the early days and early weeks of 2024. And again, looking for better days ahead.
Paul Donahue: And Michael, I would just tag on to what Bert said, we've been able to accomplish this while in the midst of the longest contraction on the PMI numbers, I think, since about '08. So we fully expect -- well, we're encouraged by the move in the right direction in the PMI numbers, we'll see industrial production, I think, today comes out. But we're expecting that manufacturing to shift back to a positive sometime in 2024. And that's just going to benefit the top line, which will benefit the overall business.
Paul Donahue: Greg, this is Paul. I'll jump in on the second part of your question regarding the business breakdown, major accounts roughly in the high teens, 20% range. NAPA AutoCare, which we're incredibly excited about the progress we're seeing in NAPA AutoCare. We've had a big surge in memberships over the last 90 days. That's about 20% of our overall commercial business. You mentioned small kind of mom and pop up and down the street. We've got a program as well in place where we're focusing in on getting back some of that business. That's about 20% roughly. And then you've got government and fleet, which for us, Greg, that's a significant part of our commercial business and one that -- we have long been incredibly strong and that's about the balance of your 40% of your commercial business. So I hope that helps.
Paul Donahue: So I think Will mentioned, Seth, in his prepared remarks, he made some comments about our sales force restructuring more of and also taking an opportunity to learn a bit from our industrial team with an inside sales group that is focused on that type customer. There's nothing new on the competitor said, look, Seth, we've got great competitors, and they're tough and they ultimately raise the bar on us and make us better. And that's exactly how we're responding. So we think there's an opportunity to go back and capture some of that business, and we've got programs, incentives and people in place to make that happen. So again, encouraged 6 weeks into the year, early days, but we are encouraged with what we're seeing.
Paul Donahue: And then, Daniel, you asked about Q1. As you know, we don't give out quarterly guidance. What I would tell you, Q1 will be our toughest comp of the year, Daniel. And I think as Bert mentioned in his prepared remarks, we're looking for really a strong -- much stronger second half. But I will tell you this, our industrial team is focused, you hit it in your question. I do believe we're taking share. We've got the best team in the industry, and I have no doubt they'll deliver for us in Q1 as well.
Will Stengel: Yes. I'll take the first part, and then I'll pass it to Bert. Look, I think in 2023, as we mentioned in our prepared remarks, we reflected deeply on where we've got opportunities in the NAPA business here in the U.S. And part of that reflection was the strategic impact of owning more stores relative to independent owners. And that was accelerated as we talked about, based on some of the feedback that we heard from owners as they work through this kind of higher cost inflation and higher interest rate environment. And that led us to be very specific and strategic about market prioritization categorizing specific markets into different categories and then thinking about our operating model through that prism. And so the benefits of that, obviously, is takes some variation out of our network. It simplifies our network when we invest in initiatives the execution of those initiatives become easier throughout the network. And so I think there's a lot of qualitative and quantitative benefits that come from an evolution. The evolution will take time, obviously, but we think it's the right thing for us to do as we move forward. The good news, Bret, is that even when we look within our independent owner network and our company-owned network we've got great operations out there for us to replicate. And so while we will evolve over time, the value creation and operational opportunity in front of us is to get on both sides of the house, the underperforming stores up to best-in-class. And so that's a very actionable body of work. As it relates to capital allocation, I'll ask Bert to make a few comments.
Will Stengel: Bret, I think you nailed it. I think it was a cumulative effect of both of those cumulative effect of rates through the year, getting to year-end, closing the books, if you will, softer weather and then just getting ready for maybe a more robust 2024. So as we said in our comments, we're encouraged by the first 3 or 4 weeks of the year here and hoping for a more normal 2020 for as we move forward.
Will Stengel: Yes. So today, Greg, for the NAPA business here in the U.S., it's about 25%, 30% company-owned and the balance independent owned. We have over 2,000 independent owners roughly. So that gives you some perspective. In total, we've got 6,000 stores in the U.S. So that gives you all the math there. As you look around the world, we have the independent owner model in Europe, obviously, it's about 1/3, 2/3 company-owned to independent on and about that same ratio in our Canadian business. And then we're a 100% company owned in our Asia Pac business.
Will Stengel: Yes, I think we're expecting 2024 to be a more normal year coming off of 2023, which was clearly challenged and different than our expectations.
Will Stengel: Daniel, I'll take the first part of your question. I think previously, we've shared some commentary with you on the end markets that we track here internally. There are about 14 of them. And as I said in my prepared remarks, it's similar to Q3, it's a mixed mosaic as it relates to kind of growth versus contraction. Having said that, just maybe a few additional data points. As we look at the fourth quarter relative to the third quarter across those 14 in the fourth quarter, we had 9 of 14 in growth mode, which is an increase of 2 versus the prior quarter. And if you decomp that growth, we've got low single digits in 3 of them mid-single digits and 2 of them high single digits in 1 of them and double-digit growth in 3 of them. So on balance, we're encouraged by the sequential improvement versus third quarter and even in the 5 of 14 that are declining, we saw 3 of those 5 improve in the fourth quarter versus the third quarter. So hopefully, that gives you a little bit of perspective of, call it, the last 6 months' trends on all things end markets.
