Thomas Gallagher: No, I don't think we would do that on the call. But we can tell you that we think that next year will be more in line with what we did in the fourth quarter of 2010.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, in the near term, I'd say it's more the latter part of your statement than the former part. We do expect demand to remain quite strong through the early part of this year, absent any dramatic increases in fuel prices. But it will take a couple of years of increased new car sales for that to materially impact the age of the vehicles.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, following up on what Elizabeth asked prior, we certainly, we follow the new car sales for sure. But more immediately, we're looking at the price of fuel, the miles driven. We're looking at what's happening with consumer spending and retail sales. As long as they remain at historic, reasonable levels, we think demand should be pretty good.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, what we've seen is that we were impacted by the weather in January, and to a degree, to a lesser degree, the first part of February. But our Automotive business remains pretty good for us right now. And our expectation is that they'll be able to hit the guidance that we've provided earlier in the call. So the commercial side of the business is strong. And going back to the comments we made, we did have a good quarter on the retail side of the business in our company store group, and we think that, that will be pretty good as we work our way through the remainder of the quarter and the first half. That's the one that was hit a little bit more as a result of the weather than even the commercial business.
Thomas Gallagher: I think based upon the guidance that we've given, Matt -- and I guess the only thing I'd add to what Jerry said is that I do think that we will gradually increase the level of incentives. But we still feel like the industrial team, as with all of our businesses, they can continue to find ways to take a little inventory out here and there. So I think it will be a gradual build back. I don't think we'll see a spike in any one year.
Thomas Gallagher: No, I don't think we're expecting gross margin to be down. As Jerry mentioned in his comments, that's an area of focus for us as an organization. And I would say that gross margins will be flat to perhaps up slightly, as we work our way through the year. The primary drivers are going to be continued good expense control, I think. And I think our team did a pretty good job this past year, and we have a number of initiatives underway to continue to work to contain our cost increases. So I think it'll be more of the leverage on the sales line than it will be the gross profit side.
Thomas Gallagher: Chris, just to add a little more color to what Jerry said, today, we've got a number of people in our building representing every business unit within Genuine Parts Company. And these are all our senior office leaders and logistics people, and they're here to update one another on where we are on our various cost-containment initiatives across the company. So we're working to share best practices, and also monitor the progress that's being made. So that's the kind of thing that we're going to continue to do throughout all of this year, and there are a number of, I think, some impactful initiatives that are underway.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, there's a normal pricing pressure in all four of the businesses. But there wasn't anything more pronounced or acute in the fourth quarter than what we've seen in prior quarters.
Thomas Gallagher: Mike, I'll try to answer that. We're going to be a bit vague only because right now, we don't know exactly what's going to happen with price increases. I would say that we're having more conversations with vendors across all four of the businesses today about potential price increases. We haven't seen significant price increases through the first month of the year, but we do expect that there'll be a bit more as the year progresses because some of their input costs have gone up, and we do think that they're going to be put in a position where they do need to raise prices some. So at this point, I would say that I would expect price increases to be at least as much as what they were in 2010, and maybe a bit more in a couple of the businesses as the year progresses.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, as far as where we feel we are today, we think we're in reasonably good position as the market stands currently. We do monitor prices across the U.S. on a regular basis. And if we see the same type of stability that we currently see, then yes, we do feel pretty good about our position. If we see prices change, then we're going to react accordingly. We're not going to find ourselves in the position we found ourselves late in 2008 and early 2009. Our folks have worked too hard to recover from that. So we'll react more quickly, but we don't see anything out there today that suggests to us that, that's going to happen. As far as our ability to pass prices on, we pass price increases on the same day that they're effective to us in three of our four businesses. In our fourth business, which is Industrial, we do have some contractual business that only allows us to pass price increases at predetermined times during the length of the contract, and we will honor that. But then we'll go back to our vendors in order to get some pricing support for those particular accounts in order to try to keep it from influencing our margins.
Jerry Nix: Scot, I'll take that. Yes, there was in the fourth quarter you saw where they had the real improvement. They were doing some inventory buys at the end of the year in anticipation of price increases that were going into effect in January. So they were able to get some incentives there at the end of the year, and that was about a third of that increase. They also had -- their expenses had been cut back, and when they had a 3% sales increase, that accounted for maybe another third of it. And some of those costs that they had taken out previously, that have -- all our business units' data have not come back in, would have counted for probably another third of that increase. But that was primarily what happened, and it was in the fourth quarter, and it was strong enough to impact the full year's margins as well.
Jerry Nix: Well, we've been saying for some time, our longer plans for the operating margin for the Office Products Group's 8% to 8 1/2%. And I think that we should continue to look for 8% to 8 1/2%. If revenue continues to show some progress, then they'll achieve that. But if revenue falls back in on negative territory, then their margin's going to be under pressure.
Jerry Nix: Matt, this is Jerry. I'll take that. We did talk about that and we looked at -- in 2009, the Industrial Group put their inventory at $100 million. Not only did the sales slow, but they cut their inventory. That was a decision that we made. They also reduced the inventory another $40 million to $50 million in 2010. Now, they were able to offset that inventory reduction because business was so strong and those incentives are based on purchases. And so if business continues, as it has been, in 2011, then we're going to get those incentives again. I would say that the incentive level that we've seen in 2010 would be more normalized going forward, with increases depending on how strong the business is.
Jerry Nix: As we go into 2011, our expectations for LIFO, again, well, that will be very similar to what it was in 2010. They have normal pick-up in LIFO. The $20 million in 2009 was due to the heavy inventory reduction. And the Industrial Group picked about $2 million to $3 million this time instead of $20 million. And again, our inventories weren't down as much. But we will -- I'd say that's a normal level that you'll have on LIFO going forward. We know that we can continue to bring our inventories down to a certain degree, but at this point, we're not going to do it to the detriment of a service level that would impact our revenue.
Jerry Nix: I don't believe so. They're on FICO inventory accounting in our Office Products segment, and this was an investment in inventory in anticipation of those increases. So as the products sold, whether it'd be in the first quarter or the second quarter, we're going to benefit from bringing that product in at a lower-cost. Some of it may be passed on to the customer, and some of it may not. But that's just a part of the decisions that have to be made on a daily basis, Chris, in running the business.
Jerry Nix: No, no, not at all. Just that our suppliers had indicated to us that they would be coming through with price increases and then we bought ahead of that.
Jerry Nix: Well, certainly, we're going to grow our SG&A at a rate less than revenue growth, and there's not any one particular thing. We've been trying to get cost under control and down based on the lower revenue we had in '08 and '09. And as revenues come back, we kept $55 million of that $75 million we took out. We kept about $55 million out of that, but that doesn't mean that we're not going to continue to focus on other expenses and trying to reduce those even further. That's an ongoing battle that we fight. And we're putting these productivity-enhancing products in place, and we're investing in that and the CapEx situations so that as business accelerates, that we don't have to add back headcount and therefore, we gain leverage on that. But as far as a percent of increase in SG&A expenses, I don't know that we can give you that. I can just tell you that it's going to be less than what our revenue increase is.
Jerry Nix: Christa, thank you. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today. We felt like we had a good quarter and a year. We, again, are very appreciative to all the Genuine Parts Company associates that contributed to that. We look forward to talking to you in April to discuss our first quarter results.
