Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We enter the fourth quarter focused on generating stronger organic sales growth as well as maximizing the benefits of our acquisitions. Next month, we expect to close on the Alliance Automotive Group in Europe as well as the Apache and Monroe Motor Parts acquisitions announced earlier today. We believe in the long term benefits of our acquisition strategy and are excited to add these businesses to our operations.  As mentioned before, we also move forward intensely focused on the plans and initiatives underway to reduce costs and improve our profitability, with the objective of enhancing gross margins and building a highly productive, cost effective infrastructure. While this has always been our focus, we understand we need to take steps now to be more nimble in challenging environments and ensuring we are positioned to capitalize on opportunities as the market begins to recover.  We have consistently stated that our business is fit best under the GPC umbrella, we also continually assess the contribution of each business to our long term financial objectives for sustained revenue growth, cash flow generation and profitability. Although we are not satisfied with this quarter’s results, we are optimistic with the opportunities that lie ahead and we move forward with a heightened sense of urgency as we focus on maximizing shareholder value and positioning the company for long term success. So with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. The good news, Bret, is that the month of September was, for the US group, was our best month of the quarter. August was a little softer, but as I said, September, we rebounded nicely on an average daily sales basis. If we look across our total automotive business, similar pattern. September was the strongest of the three months for global automotive business.
Paul Donahue: No. Look, I would -- being the first one now, Bret, we haven't had the advantage of seeing our competitors’ numbers, but with flat comp numbers in the US, I'm guessing we're within range of most. I don't believe we're giving up market share as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. We saw nice growth in our DIY business. Again, I think that’s directly related to the things that we're doing and the initiatives we have in play. We saw a little bit of softness in the DIFM business, but again, we've got, I think, initiatives to get that turned as we head into the homestretch here.
Paul Donahue: But, Bret, we haven't been through these before our expectations and especially in the Southwest and our guys in the Southwest were obviously overwhelmed with Hurricane Harvey, the guys in the Southeast were -- we think we lost a couple of points in the Southeast with Irma. We do expect we'll see a snapback. Now, how quickly that comes, exactly when that comes, we think it will be in the fourth quarter, but we do expect there will be a little bit of a snapback. We sold a lot of generators, supplies, mops, brooms, buckets, bottled water, et cetera, but we would hope to see some hard parts bouncing back in Q4 as folks recover.
Paul Donahue: Scot, relative to market pricing pressures, I can tell you that, as it has been in recent years, the pricing atmosphere across the automotive aftermarket is pretty stable and pretty famed fortunately. As we look at our primary competitors, there has not been folks out there trying to lead with price. With that said, I will tell you that internally, we are reviewing our pricing approach, our approach to pricing in the market. One of the things that we've -- our team has begun to implement is looking at zone pricing, which is not new for most retailers, but it is new perhaps for NAPA. So that is something that we are in the process of implementing and we believe will have a positive impact on our overall margins.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Listen, I've Scot, am I -- are we concerned? Sure, we're concerned and it's something that we pay very, very close attention to. I will tell you I had the privilege of sitting through a session last week, we had eight of our largest and best NAPA auto care centers here in the building and so our folks coming in and talking to these folks about online pricing and what they see in the marketplace, sure, they are. Is it driving their decision making in terms of how they're pricing their job? They're not. And so, is it a concern? It is. But, do we believe that the pricing transparency is having a negative impact on our margins? We don't think so at this point.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So you hit on it exactly, Chris. We certainly think that we are outpacing the rest of the industry and that's largely due to the initiatives that we've spoken to over the last number of quarters on these calls. Our team has improved the look in 350 stores. We have another 150 slated for the balance of the year. The stores that we have reset, we are seeing high single digit increases in our retail business. Those stores, we have not reset, we are seeing mid-single digit to lower single digit increases. But the good news in our DIY business, our ticket count is up, our traffic count, so the number of tickets is up and again, I give credit to our team and the good job that they're doing in the field. We’re getting folks into our stores today that perhaps were not our shoppers in previous years.
Paul Donahue: Well, I think your point is accurate. Chris. I think that trough that we've seen is absolutely impacting the DIFM. So, going back through the recession, ’08, ’09 and even believe into a little bit of ’10, whereas we would normally be seeing 17 million, 18 million vehicle counts coming into our sweet spot. They're coming in at a much reduced rate. So I absolutely believe that is impacting the DIFM side. And then when you look at, as it relates to DIY, when you have an average vehicle now on the road at 11.7 years, we're seeing and a lot of cars coming in, 13, 14, 15 year old vehicles that to your point they’re ending up coming into our stores and taking the DIY route more so than the DIFM route. So I think your point is valid.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. Matt, I'll take the first part of that. I’ll let Carol touch on vendor incentives. As it relates to private label versus brand and the impact on margin, 90% of what we sell in the US stores, Matt, is NAPA branded products. We do sell OE parts through our acquisition we did a number of years ago through our all term business, but 90% of what we sell is private brand and we haven't seen a significant shift away from private label, from our NAPA brand into the OE brand.  And as it relates to the vendor incentives, I’ll let Carol touch on that.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So Matt, as we've talked before in these calls and one on one meeting, look, we review every one of our businesses and we have four different businesses we go to market auto and industrial and of course office and electrical. And we review them all and we review all of our geographical regions as well and all need to meet the expectations that we have, both on the volume -- top line and bottom line. And in the past, we have -- as I think we've talked, we have moved away from businesses that failed to meet those expectations. All that said Matt, there is no intention at this point to move away from our office products business.  We're in the midst of a multi-year diversification strategy and honestly, the growth that we're seeing in facilities, breakroom and safety, which is now, gosh, it's 35 plus percent of our overall business, we're seeing good -- we're seeing good movement and we're seeing good trends. The challenge that we have, it’s that core -- the core office supply business. And unfortunately, the growth we’re seeing in FPS is not, right now, is not able to make up for the decline we're seeing in the core. But I will tell you, just like all of our businesses that we watch and monitor very closely and we certainly expect our office group to step up just like all of our businesses.  The last thing I would say Matt on office is, there has been a bit of a change in customer dynamics. So, one of the big, well, there is only two. So, one of the big players that went private is making certain procurement decisions, which has had an impact on the wholesalers as well. So yeah, we've got a number of challenges, but our team I believe is addressing them and I still am positive about the outlook going forward.
Paul Donahue: No, not really, Seth. Our flat comp that we saw across the business in the quarter was pretty consistent, both with our independence and our company-owned stores as well. So not a big variance there.
Paul Donahue: So, Seth, let me take that in two parts. From a distribution center standpoint, we've got a vast distribution network, 47 DCs here in the US. We've got, I’m sorry, 57 DCs here in the US, sorry. I’m thinking about one of the other businesses. We've got a number in our other markets as well. So one of the things that we're evaluating is our distribution center infrastructure. We've added a third-party that we're working with to really help us evaluate whether our go to market strategy today is the absolute most efficient for our business. So that's under review.  As it relates to our stores, Seth, there's nothing new there. We are, I mean, through our history, we are constantly opening and closing stores, underperforming stores in markets throughout the US and that hasn't changed any and I don't see that changing going forward, but we close, gosh, we’ll close 100 stores a year and we'll open 100 stores. Actually, this year, we’ll surpass that number. So that’s nothing new for us.
Paul Donahue: No. There's been no major shift in our service proposition that we provide our customers, Seth. We think that going back to our vast distribution center network with our 6000 stores, we deliver to our stores every night and we'll hotshot to our stores and our independent owners during the course of the day. So we have not -- we certainly have not pared back on any of our services that we provide our customers and we don't see that in the cards going forward either.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Bret, I’ll answer that in two ways. One is specifically to automotive margins, which were down 120 basis points in the quarter. I would say three predominant factors that have equal weight. One would be the lower rebates. The other would be the lower organic sales that we had planned for better organic sales. And then the other would be the SG&A, which is not only the leverage issue, but it’s some of the costs we pointed out, be it IT, digital, wage pressures.  I mean, look, automotive headcount is flat, but when you layer in the wage pressures, the cost of insurance benefits, that’s weighing on there and the other thing in SG&A that we’ve called out is the delivery, the freight, the diesel feel. That really wasn't anticipated. There was definitely some spikes up related to some supply issues and the hurricanes and for us, the cost of delivery was a factor and so that’s the automotive margins. And then just when you look at the total gross profit in the quarter, we were down 46 basis points. 20 of that was related to the volume incentive in rebates and that's a combination of automotive and office.
Carol Yancey: No, the cost that we called out, the 18.5 million is all in the corporate expense, other line and none of it flowed through the operating margins.
Carol Yancey: Well, from a sales standpoint, it’s half a point. And that’s pretty representative across all four of our segments. It was a little bit higher in industrial and there is an impact on the profit side as well. So, we believe that was probably a penny or two in the quarter as it relates to that, but definitely a half a point on the sales.
Carol Yancey: And Bret, I don’t think I answered your inventory question for automotive. Primarily, our industrial business has made the improvement in inventory, but I would tell you sequentially from Q2 to Q3, automotive did take some inventory out of the system. So, there is more work to be done there, but we are keeping a mindful eye on the level of inventory and as it relates to these volume incentives.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. I'll start with this and then I’ll let Paul comment on the pricing side. As it relates specifically to some of the things we’ve called out, factored into our guidance, the $0.15 lowering guidance, we have contemplated some similar numbers as it relates to the volume incentives for the rest of the year as well as some of this SG&A pressure, because I don't think that's going to alleviate too quickly.  Having said that, and Paul mentioned this, we're now moving to some further steps that need to be taken. So, while we had made changes related on having a level of comparable sales, since we're not there, we're going to kind of the next set of changes. So it takes us a couple of quarters to come out, but I think the volume incentives, certainly that would be assumed to recur and that's what factored into our guidance adjustments.
Carol Yancey: And Scot, one other thing I’d mention that we didn’t really talk about, the product mix in the quarter for automotive, Paul mentioned the categories that performed well, be it tools and equipment, batteries, rotating electrical, those are typically at lower gross margin. The ones that didn't perform as well under car heating and cooling that relates to weather the mild winters or the mild summers, those are more the higher gross margins. So we did have some mix shift in our gross margin for automotive in the quarter. Hard to say what that’s going to be in Q4, but that's not necessarily indicative of online issues.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. Look, I would say in general, it’s a -- you're right, we talk more about it on the industrial side because it is a little bigger component of their margins. It’s not as large of a component on the automotive margins, but having said that, it's something that we factor in to our profitability each year and we do it based on achieving certain volume levels and purchasing levels. And as we again contemplated through the first six months, we expected stronger comparable growth for the second half and as we got into third quarter, our purchases were actually down something like 6%.  So -- and again, we could have made a decision to go out and buy that inventory regardless of needing it to get those volume levels, but we're working hard on keeping that inventory down. So we just felt it was appropriate to adjust our rebate assumptions. Having said that, that's not anything new. It's more of a function of the lower organic sales.  Now, I’d point out on the motion side, look, having a core growth of 3% to 4% on the industrial side and we’ve talked about their incentives over the years, all the improvements they’ve done, and you see what it does with leverage and you’re saying the 20 basis point improvement and that's not all just incentives and volume rebates. That's just the core business.
Carol Yancey: It was slightly more on the gross margin side than the SG&A side, because again what I mentioned was the rebates for them and then the lower organic growth and then we had some product mix shift. So a little bit more so on gross margin than SG&A.
Carol Yancey: We like to thank you for your participation in today's call. We appreciate your support and your interest in Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out at our next quarter Thank you.
