Paul D. Donahue: Thank you, Carol. A good update on the quarter. So without a doubt, we are experiencing a challenging quarter, and frankly, it has been a challenging six months. But as you can tell from our guidance, we are planning for an improved second half to the year, and our teams are energized to execute on the action steps we outlined earlier. We look forward to updating you on our progress in the quarters ahead. So now, we'll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes. So product-related movement we're seeing is, certainly, batteries were soft in the quarter. Ride control was soft in the quarter. However, we saw a slowing in our brakes business in the quarter, which we attribute some of that, we believe, to some of our brakes business probably moved into the first quarter given the warmer temps. On the plus side, we're continuing to see nice growth out of our import lines. We're seeing nice growth out of our tool and equipment categories, but unfortunately, they weren't enough to offset some of the softness we saw in the other categories.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. I would have to tell you July – Matt, even though we're only a couple of weeks in and it's looking a lot like June. It's choppy is the best way I think I could describe it. The hot weather has to be a benefit to us and we believe with the continuing warm temps we're seeing across the country will be a benefit to us. And related to that, we are seeing those products that are related to the hot temps, products like batteries, products like rotating electrical, and our AC is picking up. So that's why we're cautiously optimistic about the second half of the year.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. It's a bit like we saw in the previous quarter, Seth, the cold weather in the Northern division. So I called out specifically the Central and the Northeast. The delta between those businesses and some of our Southern businesses, our Southeastern, even down into Florida Atlantic, even out West, was a significant gap, we're talking close to 400 basis points, 500 basis points gap between those that are performing well and those that are continuing to be challenged.
Paul D. Donahue: Not – it's not much. We're pretty consistent throughout the quarter in both the Northern divisions as well as those warmer weather divisions.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. We stay close to our major customers, as you would imagine, Seth, and have a lot of conversations. Not all of them are down, but I would tell you that we have seen a drop in their business. We discussed with them often how their business is trending. Their tire sales have been challenged and those big tire guys that we do business with. So again, I don't think boy, I can tell you we haven't lost any of our big major customers, and I don't believe we're losing share in any of our major customers. I would tell you that I think our business is the reflection of their business. And I would also share, Seth, that as we look at the Automotive aftermarket, in general, we have had many top-to-top meetings with many of our big suppliers here in recent weeks and months. We do have constant dialogue with our major accounts at our NAPA AutoCare Centers. And again, that sluggishness that we experienced in our numbers, what we hear is all of those parties that we're discussing with it are seeing similar results.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. So if I look at the numbers, Greg, that we've seen quarter-to-quarter since back in early 2015 where our sales were declining dramatically from one quarter to the next, culminating in an 8% drop in Q4, we rebounded, if you want to call it that, to a low single-digit increase in Q1 and we've seen that again in Q2. So when I say stabilizing, it has stabilized from really the drop that we were seeing – significant drops that we were seeing in 2015. In talking to our team, our Motion business in Canada has seemed to stabilize and even is showing some slight improvement. We watch very closely our project work. And our project work – well, the projects are smaller than we would like. They're steady. And the number of projects that we see out there are steady. So we're hopeful and we're starting to see it play out in the numbers a bit at our Industrial business, which also impacts our Electrical that has bottomed out. And hopefully, we'll see a better second half.
Paul D. Donahue: We have, Chris. We're seeing certainly some of the same things I think our competitors and other folks in the industrial world are seeing. If we look at specifically some of the big oil and gas producers which has a big impact on not just our Industrial business, but our Automotive as well. The thought is that and it appears that some of the large oil producers are set to weather their storm. But many of the small oil producers are going under, and I don't know that that's going to change much going forward.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, certainly, Chris, some of the new focus product category that we have gotten into in recent years, products like industrial supply, safety supply, material handling equipment, those products and product lines are performing well, and actually, are generating increases year-over-year. Where we're seeing some of the pressure is on the traditional industrial products, hydraulics, bearings, power transmission. But I think that much like our strategy in our Office Products business, as we segue into new categories, growth categories, that's certainly helping our numbers.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. Our tech products – our tech categories were down in the quarter, Chris. And our team is, certainly, focused on getting that back in the plus column, but for now, that is a – our tech business is a bit of a headwind. Our strategy is I think we've articulated in the past is continuing to drive our overall Office Products business more into the facility, breakroom safety product categories. You're seeing that with most of the acquisitions that we've completed of late, certainly, the most recent being the Safety Zone and the division of Rochester Midland. So we believe that that tech headwind will become less and less of a factor as we move forward.
Paul D. Donahue: Okay. So Auto, in the first half of the year, our core Automotive business was actually up 1% and our expectation is that in the second half of the year that we are going to generate low to mid-single-digit growth in our core Automotive business and that does not include the potential assistance we'll get from acquisitions.
Paul D. Donahue: And Elizabeth, if you were to ask me as a follow-up, so how do you intend to do that, I would tell you that we're still very focused on our core initiatives in Automotive. While the quarter was certainly not up to our expectations, by no means are we in a panic mode and going to shift our focus, we have terrific opportunities to continue to grow our retail sales. We are rolling out our top store initiative which will, as mentioned in my comments, will total 150 stores in 2016. We'll reinvigorate our business in our NAPA AutoCare Center, and then, new distribution will be a factor as well. So we're confident we'll drive the kind of numbers that we talked about in the second half.
Paul D. Donahue: One can only assume, Elizabeth. If you look at our first quarter, certainly, we were there. If you look at our previous number of quarters, certainly, we were there. So Q2, we believe, is an outlier, and again, I think that the key initiatives that our team is focused on will get our business back on track in the second half of the year.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. As we saw in the second quarter, Chris, it's still some of those same core lines. It's ride control. It's brake business. Our brake business, we have been on a tremendous run over the last six quarters to eight quarters in our brake business, and we're seeing that tail off just a bit. Again, there is nothing that we have fundamentally changed. We haven't raised prices. We haven't changed product categories. So those big categories, ride control, brakes, that's where we're seeing some of the softness which we're certainly trying to outrun with the growth that we're seeing in tool and equipment, imports, and in our temp related businesses.
Paul D. Donahue: I think you're spot on, Chris, with that comment. I referenced in my prepared remarks, what we saw back in 2012, and I do believe that will be the case. But I can assure you our team is not sitting on the sideline, they have a tremendous sense of urgency. No panic, but a tremendous sense of urgency working with our good customers out in the field, certainly working closely with our AutoCare Centers to understanding where they need our support, how we can help them grow their business. So we are intensely focused on getting our growth curve back going in the right direction in Q3, Q4. And as we have projected on our numbers, we do believe that that will be the case.
Paul D. Donahue: I think it's maybe just a bit early to go there, Chris. You had the July 4 holiday where we lost essentially a week. I think it might be a bit early to go there, but I will tell you that the hot temps that we're seeing, heck, I heard St. Louis is supposed to be 100 degrees-plus. That goes across the Northeast. That's going to drive business, and it's going to drive certainly those temp-related products. There's just no two ways about it. We've seen it in the past, and I don't think 2016 will be any different.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, certainly, we're looking at strategic acquisitions, Tony, in every single one of our businesses, and I think that in 2016 we've had impactful acquisitions in three of our four businesses. We have activity going in, in all four, but we have closed on deals in Industrial, Office, and of course Automotive. As it relates to specifically expanding footprint, both domestically and internationally, that's really targeted at our Automotive businesses. And as you know, we have new distribution initiatives in place both in the U.S., Mexico, Canada, Australia and New Zealand. I mentioned earlier we've had terrific success in our GPC Asia-Pac business, and that's a business we'll continue to grow. As we look at our digital capability, that goes across all four businesses, and we're driving e-commerce initiatives across every one of our businesses. And then, of course, a greater share of wallet which really, that underpins all of our efforts. Again, that growth goes across all four businesses (57:13), and really is that what we need to drive our core growth.
Paul D. Donahue: We believe so, Tony. Certainly, as we look at some of the recent acquisitions, the bolt-on acquisitions that we've done, The Safety Zone would fit that category, Rochester Midland, that Jan/San acquisition, we believe we have opportunities to cross-sell and take full advantage of the structure or the infrastructure we have in place. And I would say the same as it relates to acquisitions that we've done in the automotive space, whether it'd be on our import business or our heavy-duty business. We're leveraging that structure that we've had in place for many, many years across all of our businesses.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes. So I would say this, Scot, on the first question as it relates to our competition, we have not seen any major shift in the competitive landscape. I think pricing remains sane across all of our competitors. Look, everybody is scratching and clawing for market share in a challenging environment, but we've not seen any major shift across our key competitors. As it relates to our pricing by product or pricing by product category, I recall quite well your reference to 2008 and 2009, and that did occur and we did adjust, and I think we certainly benefited from it. We don't see anywhere, at this point, where we're an outlier in a particular product category. Our guys do price jobs on a very regular basis. We get input from the field on a daily and weekly basis, both from our stores as well as our independent owners. And there is always the occasional tweak we make here and there based on the competitive landscape, but now I would say, generally we are not seeing any significant change in the competitive landscape.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. So I joined the Automotive Parts Group, Scot, in 2009. And if I recall, the shift that occurred, and maybe we were a bit slow on the trigger, was our competitors dropped the prices, and certainly, our retail competitors dropped their prices specifically. We ultimately regrouped, reacted and the business bounced right back, but when I joined in 2009, we were on our way out of that.
Paul D. Donahue: It's actually – if we focus in on your opening comments there, Texas, Oklahoma are very similar. It's that 400-basis point or 500-basis point gap. I mentioned Mountain as one of our better performing divisions. So we're able to overcome some of the shortfall in the Dakotas with some strong performance in the Denver area, for instance, that have made up for that.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes. I will tell you, Bret, on the inventory comment, we are looking at our inventories across our entire business. We have a new predictive modeling engine that we've put into place, and we're looking at our inventories, and especially in some of the categories where we're challenged, and we are pumping up our inventories in some of those categories. Our AC products, we have not had an issue at least that I'm aware of at this point. I think we're well-positioned as we race head long into the back half of the summer.
Paul D. Donahue: And Brian just to clarify one point, you mentioned our company-owned stores, our company-owned stores same-store sales were flat in the quarter. Overall, our Automotive was down 2%, U.S. automotive.
Paul D. Donahue: It is. Our independent owners are competing just fine in the marketplace. I don't think there's anything specific to our big independent owners. They did do a little bit of an inventory build towards the end of Q1, which may have had an impact. But no, we don't see, we certainly don't see anything different happening on the independent side from our company-owned stores.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. I guess, and you're exactly right, we certainly have headwinds on the volume incentives in that business. What we've been pleased to see is for the first six months of the year, Industrial's core gross margin has improved, and that's due to a lot of things that they put in place over the last 18 months or so, and it's both on the buy side and the sell side. And those things have been put in place, and it helped (37:19) their gross profit. We had, for the six months, a slight decrease in their volume incentives, but they were flat in the quarter. And additionally, on the SG&A side, they've adjusted their cost structure to be more in line with the revenues. So it's the combination of those things. So I would say that we're really pleased to see what they did in Q2. And we are expecting a slightly better second half for the Industrial business on the top-line. So hopefully, we can maintain that slight margin improvement as we finish out the year.
Carol B. Yancey: Yeah. I guess there's a lot of activities going on across all of our businesses. We said that each business, a lot of our investments are in technology and productivity. So as we can put in some of these efficiencies, we would be improving our volume per employee, so certainly, looking at efficiencies in distribution centers. Also, you're just adjusting your cost structure to a different level of revenue. So on the Industrial side, and looking at some of their facilities, and looking at their operations, and making adjustments to, say, where we're not going to have business in certain areas and possibly we need to go from three branches to two branches. And so, I think it's a number of projects going on. Our Automotive folks have done a very good job on SG&A, and even with a little softer Q2, they still have some SG&A improvement. So we would expect it to continue. We need to have a little bit better second half, which we're forecasting on the revenue and we would expect these things to stay in place, yes.
Carol B. Yancey: Thank you, Greg. Operator. Thank you. We'll take our next question from Chris Bottiglieri with Wolfe Research.
Carol B. Yancey: And I think one thing I may add – Tony, one thing I may add and you said on just SG&A, we also see opportunities that come on the cost of goods sold side as well. So on these acquisitions – and we look at the product categories, we're able to take that and leverage across the organization, our total spend. So we'll see that coming from the gross margin side and the SG&A side.
Carol B. Yancey: No. Well, there was – our currency-neutral numbers were smaller this quarter than they have been in the past. But the bulk of that working capital improvement is just coming from accounts payable, and it's broadly all of the segments quite honestly. And then, really, where we saw a nice improvement this quarter was inventory. We had about $85 million source of cash from our inventories this quarter, and that was – a lot of that came from Automotive. So we were pleased to see additional improvement coming out of inventory, and we feel like we'll have some more in the back half.
Carol B. Yancey: We had said they were up. So I think Canada was low single-digits, and Australia, New Zealand was mid single-digits.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we would like to thank everyone for participating in today's call, and we look forward to reporting out with our third quarter results. And once again, we like to thank Tom Gallagher for all of his leadership over the last 46 years, and wish Paul all the best. So thank you for joining us.
