Carol Yancey: Thank you, Paul. We will get started with a review of our fourth quarter and full-year income statements and our segment information and then we will review a few key balance sheet items. Tom will come back and wrap it up and then we'll open the call up to your questions. As Tom mentioned, our total revenues were $3.5 billion for the fourth quarter, an increase of 13% from last year. And for the 12-months, total sales of $14.1 billion, up 8% from 2012 and another record sales level for Genuine Parts Company. Before the positive impacts of our fourth quarter acquisitions and the GPC Asia Pacific acquisition on April 1, 2013, our total revenues were up 4% in the fourth quarter and this was offset by 1% headwind from currency. For the year, total sales were up 1% before acquisitions, reflecting a 4% underlying sales increase for our automotive group, offset by 1% sales decrease for our non-automotive businesses. Our gross profit for the fourth quarter was 31.0% of sales, which is up 180 basis points from the 29.2% of sales last year. And for the 12-months, gross margin of 30% is up from the 29% for the same period last year or an increase of 100 basis points. Our improvement in gross margins for both the fourth quarter and the full year can be primarily attributed to the favorable impact of higher gross margins in our Australasian business which owns a hundred percent of its stores. Excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific, our underlying gross margin for the quarter and the year was up slightly despite the headwind of lower volume incentives in our non-automotive businesses, primarily industrial, during the year. In the second and third quarters of 2013, we recorded expenses of $18 million and $3 million respectively to cost of sales as purchase accounting adjustments for the write-up of inventory to fair value at GPC Asia Pacific. This write-up negatively impacted our full-year gross margin by approximately 15 basis points. So a good amount of activity impacting our gross margins in 2013, especially as it relates to GPC Asia Pacific and their hundred percent-owned store model. Looking ahead, we will continue to seek opportunities for further margin expansion and currently expect gross margin to improve slightly from the 30% achieved in 2013. As an additional point of interest, we continue to see very little inflation in our businesses. For 2013, our cumulative pricing was down negative 0.1% for automotive, up 1.1% for industrial, up 0.5% for office products, and up 1% for electrical.
Carol Yancey: It would be on a percentage of sales. What we've really found on the SG&A line is, it's primarily due to the loss of leverage with our non-automotive businesses. So as we see that top line come back, we should be able to see some improvement there. But we talked about really it being more as a percent of sales. But remember, we still have one more quarter of comparability with the GPC Asia Pacific and their hundred percent-owned store model. So, a lot of the impact in SG&A comparability is Asia Pacific but there is just a loss of leverage. So use the percent of sales as a guide.
Carol Yancey: Well, I guess, it'd be hard to say quarter-by-quarter. What we're saying on gross margin and why we think it could be up for the year and we're giving it just a little bit above the 30% is, we did have an impact of lower volume incentives in our non-automotive businesses, more so in Industrial and a little bit in office. And then also we had some of the onetime adjustments that were negative this year with the GPC Asia Pacific that we talked about in the second and third quarter. So a combination of those two things, we do feel like we should see a bit of improvement, but haven't really put it down on a quarter-by-quarter basis.
Carol Yancey: Well, I think on the other divisions, again, if we can see some of the top line growth coming back, we may get some of those volume incentives back. Not sure if we'd get all of them back, and then certainly we'll be able to offset some of the loss of leverage that we've had. So it's really dependent on getting some of the top line growth back. We would hope to at least have more of a maintain perspective on those margins with some growth.
Carol Yancey: Well, we are on our second year of deflation in Automotive, and really had -- we're seeing less than normal levels of inflation in all of our businesses for 2014. We've talked to a couple of our business units and I would say it would be very little and it maybe another year like we've had this year, but we're certainly not seeing much in the way of pricing. We'd like to see it but we're just not anticipating it for 2014.
Carol Yancey: So, we did not have any -- our pension costs for 2014 were very similar with the exclusion of the 2012 onetime gain that we've talked about. So, there was really nothing unusual in the 2013 numbers. I would tell you that our guidance for 2014 takes into account a lower pension expense given that we do have the freeze taking effect for 2014. But what we've got offsetting that is some increased cost in our 401(k) as well as some increased healthcare cost with the Affordable Care Act. So, we have factored all of that into our guidance.
Carol Yancey: We look for an 8% and 8.5% operating margin for all of our businesses and for the company in total. And that's really a long-term outlook. So, there's times that we'll be outside of that, but I think on balance we're looking for the 8% to 8.5% for the whole company.
Carol Yancey: No, there really wasn't. I mean as I mentioned, we had really deflation and it was only 10 basis -- it was 10 basis points. And there really wasn't any impact in our automotive margins. We were glad to hold those flat and there really wasn't any onetime adjustments in there.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank you for joining us and participating in our call. And again, we apologize for the technical difficulties that we had and especially if you had, if you missed anything or you had to listen to it twice. So we apologize for that. So, thank you for your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company and we'll talk to your after our first quarter release.
Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul, for those updates and thanks also to each of you and your respective teams for the fine job that you continue to do for Genuine Parts Company. So, that concludes our comments on 2013 and in looking back, it was an interesting year in many ways. And as you've heard, a year in which we had quite a contrast in results with automotive sales being up 18.5% and operating profit being up 19%, but non-automotive sales being down 1% and operating profit down 9%. Certainly, we'll be looking for a stronger performance from the non-automotive operations in 2014 and a bit more consistency in our results. But in looking back, there were a number of significant achievements by the GPC team in 2013. Sales, net profit and earnings per share each reached record levels. Cash from operations and free cash flow set new records as well. We continued to see nice improvement in our working capital and working capital efficiency as well as in our return on average assets and return on invested capital. And with the action taken yesterday by the GPC board, dividends have been increased for the 58th consecutive year. We're proud of the GPC team's achievements in each of these areas and we expect continued improvements in the year ahead. As we turn our attention to 2014, although there's still a degree of uncertainty about the strength of the recovery for a few of our businesses, we do think 2014 will be a solid year for GPC. At this time, we feel that reasonable revenue expectations for each of the segments would be, for automotive to be up 5% to 7%, industrial up 5% to 7%, office products up 1% to 3%, and electrical being up 25% to 30%. For the total GPC, that would give us an increase of 5% to 7%. And with revenue growth at this level, our guidance would be for earnings per share to be in the $4.47 to $4.57 range, which will be up 2% to 4% on a reported basis before the onetime purchase accounting gain in 2013 but up 7% to 9% on a comparative basis. And we would point out that our sales and EPS guidance accounts for approximately 1% anticipated headwind from currency. Additionally, it would be helpful to point out that our first quarter sales will be above the full year guidance, primarily due to the inclusion of three months worth of sales from GPC Asia Pacific that were not in last year's results, but the 5% to 7% full year range is a reasonable expectation. We will look forward to updating these numbers as the year progresses. And that will complete our prepared remarks and at this point we'd like to turn the call back over to Bridget for your questions.
Thomas Gallagher: All right, Matt, I'll try to answer that. And I would say that, obviously, the extreme temperatures tend to drive incremental growth in certain product categories like batteries and rotating electrical, I think as Paul referenced. So, we get a positive there. Part of the offset to that in the automotive business is with the number of, either our facilities that are closed or even our customers' places of business that are closed. So while we consider it to be a net positive, it's not as pronounced because of some of the loss of business due to the weather conditions. As far as it plays out going forward, historically when we have seen significant weather situations as we've experienced in January and February of this year, we would tend to think that we will see some improved demands as we get into the warmer months for some of the front-end and chassis type products which will tend to get a bit damaged. And then if we go a little deeper into the year, if we were to have a very hot summer in parts of the country, we would probably get the benefit from some increased demand on batteries or rotating electrical that will weaken but didn't fail in the winter months. I might also add that the impact on the other GPC businesses, the non-automotive businesses, is a net negative because not only did we have a number of our facilities that had been closed but we also have quite a number of our customers' facilities that were closed. So, I hope that answers your question.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'll try to answer that as well and we'd start on the office products side. We did see two of the three megas come together, as you know, and they're in the midst of bringing their two fine companies under one management team. It's much too early to have any feel for what the impact might be, but I know our teams are working very, very carefully and closely with the new entity and looking for whatever the opportunities might be that present themselves. On the automotive side, again, it's very, very early and perhaps a bit premature to offer any indication of what might happen. But we do think that as those two companies come together, we're confident they'll do a good job as they work their way through the combination and the integration. But our past experiences have been that when you put two organizations together, there's always a degree of spillage that happens despite the best of planning and the talent that is applied to the integration. So our expectation would be that, there may be a bit of spillage. We don't know how much and if there is, our folks are working hard to make sure that we're in a position to benefit from that.
Thomas Gallagher: I think, Keith, clearly, those areas that had experienced significant weather situations that we've seen in January and February, they're going to be impacted if their facilities were shut down and they weren't running their equipment and weren't producing product. So we are going to see a bit of headwind from that. In terms of what we're hearing from customers in a more general sense is still a degree of caution, but a slight bit more optimism because of what we saw in the further strengthening of industrial production and capacity utilization and, frankly, as well as the ISM. If you look at the fourth quarter, for each of those indices the fourth quarter of the year was the strongest for all three. So, generally speaking, people are encouraged a bit by that, but they're also a bit cautious and trying to contain any optimism with a dose of reality.
Thomas Gallagher: What we saw ex-acquisition in the quarter was modest growth. Acquisition actually added about seven-tenths or just under 1% to the total, the 3%. And what changed, I think you saw what's happened with the GDP, at least the advanced indices and indication of a little bit more robust activity, and then the same thing would be true on the industrial production capacity utilization and the PMI, all showed a little stronger performance. So all three of those had their strongest quarters of the year in the fourth quarter. So, I think we did see a little bit of uptick in activity in the quarter, but we're hoping that that's sustainable as we work our way through the early part of this year.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, it's just a guesstimate on our part at this point. We know that we lost business in January and again in February because of the weather in the Industrial segment, and it's true across all of our non-automotive businesses. How much of that we can recover through the remainder of the quarter, we'll just have to wait and see. But I would say that our expectation for the year is positive and we think that we have an opportunity to have a better year in the underlying business in industrial than what we had in 2013.
Thomas Gallagher: Bret, I'll try to answer that. I think the majority of the progress that you see is attributable to the automotive segment and primarily the North American component. We do think that there is some possible improvement yet with GPC Asia Pacific. We have seen some progress and there's a bit more there. And then we continue to think about the possibilities perhaps in the non-automotive businesses. So, I think there's upside yet. I don't think we'd suggest the magnitude of the improvement that we've seen to this point but we do feel there's still some upside.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'll take a first stab at that and Paul may want to chime in. But I would say that, certainly the stores, as Paul mentioned, basically from the plains all the way to the Northeast, saw some benefit from the weather. Conversely the stores basically from Atlanta on up to Washington did not get any benefit from the weather and actually had a little bit of impediment. But if we look at the results across the country, we were pleased with the progress we made in all of the areas and I think it's more attributable to the strength of the initiatives. Paul pointed out the strong results we had in the quarter with both major accounts in NAPA AutoCare. And that was fairly consistent across the entire country, and I think our teams are doing a good job continuing to develop those initiatives.
Thomas Gallagher: I don't know that I could address that question categorically. I would just say that in our case we always have been pretty efficient company in the way we operate and our team continues to do a good job in operating efficiently despite the headwinds that they faced on the revenue side. As Carol mentioned earlier, we continue to invest in all of our businesses and largely in technology initiatives, either intended to give us better information to run the business or intended to help us be more efficient in handling the business. And certainly that is true for office products as well as the other businesses.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think we'd rather not get into the specifics of the individual initiatives that we have underway. I think we'd rather just leave it as I said earlier, and that is, that we're looking for ways that we can have better information to manage the business or ways that we can have better capabilities in handling the business. And we continue to -- our team continues to work hard on this and they continue to find ways that we can move a bit further. The only other thing I'd add to you is that we're not a company that will go out and look for a big bank type result. So, we're not about to embark upon some technology initiative that we think could be beneficial but also could have significant downside risk. So, we go at things incrementally and we test them rather thoroughly. We prove the concept and then we move somewhat deliberately in how we roll them out in the respective businesses in order to avoid any significant downside risk.
Thomas Gallagher: We came on the low end of our guidance, which is to say that we'll grow our store count 1% to 2% per year and we were at the bottom end of that range for the year. And, going forward, we'd offer the same guidance and that's 1% to 2% growth.
Thomas Gallagher: I'll take the second part of that question, first. We have not reached the final stage there yet but the headwind diminishes as we work our way through the early part of this year. So, we should get, from a comparative standpoint, we should get a little bit of benefit as we get into Q2 and on through the remainder of the year. In terms of the demand patterns, it was more MRO demand than it was on the original equipment demand.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, they're into their summer months. But if we look at margin contribution across the businesses, it was fairly consistent with what we did in our automotive business.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Chris, this Paul. We could see a slight hit. I will tell you that -- and you hit on it. Our home turf down here in Georgia, the southern up through the Atlantic, last week we had stores shut down for one to two days. So, 60 to 75 stores for sure were closed down. So, yeah, that could have an impact. On the plus side, certainly the cold weather, the road conditions are going to drive business on the product side. So, where it all ends up, hard to say. We do believe though at the end of the day that we're happy to see the cold weather, for sure, we could do without the ice.
Paul Donahue: Brad, I'd just also add to that, as I commented, we had a good quarter on the retail side, but there's -- and Tom kind of hit on it, there's certainly nothing magical. Many of the initiatives that our team has been working very, very hard on really started to take hold. So, basic blocking and tackling is what I would attribute it to.
Paul Donahue: Seth, this is Paul. No, there was no major account activity that swung that number to the positive. Again, it was, our team just really put in some of the initiatives that we'd been working on for many quarters now into place and all came together for a good quarter.
Paul Donahue: Well, again, Seth, I'd just say that there is a number of initiatives that we've been working on, testing in some markets. And I would like to think that some of those initiatives are beginning to take hold. Our team has been working very, very hard to get our stores looking good, to get our folks trained to sell at the retail level, and it's good to finally see that coming together in Q4. The real question is can we maintain that going forward which we certainly hope to.
Paul Donahue: No, I would lean towards the latter there, Seth. Just really working on our training and our sales techniques but no real, again, no real change in our approach at the store level.
