Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We're pleased to perform at the high end of our expectations in the fourth quarter and finished the year with solid results. Allow me to recap the few highlights. We achieved another quarter of positive total sales growth, driven by a 3% plus from sales growth in our U.S. Automotive business, which represents our best comp in five years. So, congratulations go out to our U.S. NAPA team. We further improve the gross margin by 20 basis points in the quarter and by more than 60 basis points for the full year, our fourth consecutive year of improved gross margins. We experienced improving market trends in Europe and reported significantly improved sales comps relative to the second and third quarters. Our Industrial business continue to operate well, generating a 30 basis points improvement in operating margins. We streamlined our operations with the successful divestiture of several non-core business segments. We took action on our initiatives to achieve $100 million in annualized cost savings by the end of 2020. And effective this week, our Board of Directors approved of 64th conservative increase in the dividend, up 4% from 2019. So, as you can see our team has been busy executing on our growth strategy as well as several initiatives to improve our operating results. Combined, these efforts have served to further optimize our portfolio and we expect to continue our strategic transformation in 2020. GPC enters a new year with strategic plans and initiative to drive sales and profit ability, working capital improvement, and significant value for all of our stakeholders. We look forward to updating you on our progress towards these objectives as we move through the year. So, thank you for listening. And with that, we'll turn back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Well. Okay, Chris thanks for the question. I I'll do my best to cover all this point and maybe have Carol weigh in on a bit of an inflation discussion. You know, you mentioned commercial versus retail, our commercial business was solid. Our two big programs, Major Accounts, AutoCare both were inline with our overall commercial sales in the quarter, which was up significantly over 2018. So we're pleased with our commercial business and our retail business was solid as well. You mentioned the promotional activities Chris, so we had set out really to focus on all three of our big sales channels, retail, commercial as well as online. And I think that some of the initiatives that we put into play maybe be offset the impact of some of the mild camps we saw hit the business in December -- October, November still -- the weather was still fairly favorable. December and January, obviously, have done a good bit. Warmer they're taking a bit of a toll on some of our more seasonal categories. But our hard parts business remains solid and we're pleased with the performance of our U.S. automotive business in the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Certainly I would say our commercial outperformed our retail, Chris even though both were solid. And we continue to rollout our impact store initiatives to now we're – now working closely with our independent owners. But commercial both AutoCare and Major Accounts have performed well. You haven't asked about originality Chris, but I'll touch on it as I'm sure some will ask the – we saw really strong growth up in the north, certainly in the central part of the United States, Midwest. Our Mountain team had a really solid quarter. Where we saw some of the softness was out west, as well as in the Northeast part of the U.S.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, Chris, as it relates to the weather just to make a comment that we’ve got a fairly diversified business model and really if you start to break our business apart only about 30% of our total revenues would really be susceptible to U.S. weather patterns. The industrial business, the Business Products Group, Europe, Australia, look we track weather we track weather around the world. I'm looking at floods in the U. K. and mild winter in Europe, record heat in Australia. So we look at whether around the world. And honestly, I tend not to dwell on it that much anymore since there's not a heck of a lot we can do about it. We're six weeks into the New Year, Chris. We'll see some ebbs and flows throughout the year. But I would tell you as we sit right now, we're confident in our full year guidance for automotive.
Paul Donahue: No, Liz. I did not cover that. But it's a similar trend as we'd seen over the last few quarters, which is, nice growth in Q4 in our invoice in the size of our invoices. So nice mid-single-digit growth with a slight decrease in the number of invoices per store per day.
Paul Donahue: Great question, Matt. This has been a multi-year project for us. We're at -- between the last couple of years we've done over a couple of hundred of our independent stores. And it's a comprehensive upgrade. It's everything from extending store hours; improving the retail storefront, changing out some of the product assortment. Probably one of the most important aspects of the program is adding business development managers in the stores as well. So we're expecting to ramp this project up in 2020. And actually looking for 300-plus stores in 2020, on the independent side. We fully completed and rolled out our company-owned store group and we are seeing some significant increases over our typical run rate when we do the full impact program.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Matt look it is -- as you know and it is a tough question because it's an incredibly fluid situation. We've been on the phone only with all of our business unit heads talking about not really our own supply chain which I covered in my prepared comments, but also some of our good customers as well. I would tell you it's early. We have not felt any downward pressure on our numbers from our customers at this point, but I would tell you that we are staying incredibly close to it and will continue to monitor the situation.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks Daniel. We're quite pleased with the progress we've made with our European business. We had no doubt a tough Q2 and Q3 in Europe. What's interesting as you dive into those numbers, they're different markets. So, Q2, our French team and a challenging quarter; Q3, our U.K team had a challenging quarter. Both rebounded nicely in Q4 to get us to flat overall comp. Germany on the other hand showed growth in Q4, which certainly we were pleased to see. I would tell you that from our perspective, our team in 2018 and in the first half of 2019, they were very focused on integrating this business and doing all the things necessary to bring a privately-held European business under the umbrella of the U.S. publicly-traded company. I would tell you that that focus now has shifted in the second half of 2019 and as you going to 2020 more on growing this business, taking market share, and doing other things that this business has been for the past 30 years. So, despite some remaining complicated economic issues and some of those markets, we are certainly more bullish going into 2020 just because our team is focused on all the right things and focused on driving market share and growing our business.
Paul Donahue: Well, to your first question Bret, the private label market in Europe is minimal. And AAG, our business there, they had a number of different private labels in different product categories. But it was certainly not an impactful part of their overall product mix. We have launched the NAPA brand now and in a few categories in the U. K, we're in the process of rolling that into Germany – I mean, into France and ultimately into the Netherlands. We're quite pleased with the acceptance we’re seeing from our customers and you know, we have a separate battery business in the U.K. Bret that we acquired 12 to 18 months ago, called Platinum. And it is a strong player in the U.K. in the battery business. So it's a part of AAG, but that would account for some of the strength that we’re seeing in and again, they've gotten behind the NAPA logo and the NAPA brand and are doing quite well. So we're pleased. And our goal will be to roll that NAPA brand across Europe.
Paul Donahue: Yes. The cadence for the quarter Seth, if I look at GPC in total automotive, we're pretty steady throughout the quarter with actually November and December, slightly stronger than October. Automotive trended positive, U.S. automotive trended positive really every month with a solid December, probably unlike some of the other reports that we've heard but we did find in December, and again I think part of that goes back to some of the initiatives that our team launched in the quarter. I mean in the month and in the quarter. As I look across 2020, hard to say Seth, we again I mentioned earlier, we're we only six weeks into the year. We're going to see ebbs and flows as we go. But one thing we are encouraged is we're seeing some really cold weather hit the Midwest this week and looks like some big snow up in the Northeast. So that will blow out a lot of the inventory that's sitting in our customers shelves and hopefully propel us into a better spring.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Interesting question Chris. We -- look we're always evaluating our store models and store mix. Today of our 6,000 stores, roughly 5,000 are independently owned. We've had that mix for a number of years. We do not see any massive shift here in the quarters or even a year or two to come. We've got some great independent owners who are investing in their business, expanding their business. We have owners coming into our model all the time and so at this rate -- at this point in time, Chris, there is no strategy to shift to a 50/50 mix per se of independent and company stores. We're pleased with the progress. We're pleased with some of the new talent that will bring into our independent store group. I would also tell you that it is our intent to expand our company store group and to continue to open new company-owned stores and if you look at our recent history, Chris, we've closed a number of underperforming and non-profitable stores. We think a good bit of that heavy lifting while there is always some of that to be done, a good bit of that is now behind us and it's our intent to grow our company-owned store base from here going forward.
Carol Yancey: And just a comment on the tariff impact for automotive business in the quarter. It was as expected about 2% related to tariffs. And so the second half being at 2%, first half at 1% gave us a blended 1.5% for 2019. And then just as a reminder as we go into 2020, we'll anniversary some of that. So we're looking for maybe a first half of 1% and a blended half a point for the full year. And that excludes any further inflation.
Carol Yancey: And Chris, we are implying a comp increase for our U.S. business in 2020 of around 2% to 3%, which is very consistent with what we saw for 2019. And that's what we've modeled into our guidance.
Carol Yancey: Yes. That for 2019, the core business if you will was without the impact of the acquisitions and divestitures was something around at $0.20 is what was factored in there.
Carol Yancey: I'm sorry. I was – for 2020 – and that's – I'm sorry for that. But for 2020, we have implied, we will have operating margin improvement in our automotive and industrial businesses. And we have implied a 20 basis points improvement in our operating margin that largely relates to the cost reductions that we talked about and the work that the transformation office is doing. And that would be what would be in our numbers for 2020 and it would obviously be greater than that going into 2021. So that excludes all the impact from acquisitions and divestitures.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. That's a great question. As you know, we have certainly taken our leverage up and we're definitely comfortable in the 2.5 to 3 times indefinitely for the right acquisition opportunity. That is something that -- when we think about a larger more strategic acquisition opportunity, those are things that you can always control. The timing, there's nothing in the horizon right now. We'll continue with our bolt-ons which are probably in the 1% to 2% range, as we look ahead. So we think the leverage that we have right now comfortable with that we know we have flexibility as we look ahead. And we would again just take into account what we already have coming into our numbers for 2020. We have a carryover impact to this is pretty nice -- on acquisition. So probably more of just the bolt-ons just for 2020.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So for our automotive business and as Paul mentioned, their comps were down something around 3% for the full year, and in the fourth quarter about 40 bps of the 50 bp decline in our automotive margin was Europe and then other smaller impact was due to the slowdown in Canada in Q4. When you look at the full year, we would say that all of the decrease in the automotive margin was Europe, so stronger margin, obviously, in our U.S. business and Australasia business. So when we look ahead and remember that team started on their cost cutting in Q2 and they have been working very hard. And we actually saw some progress on -- in the second half of the year and we're certainly seeing further improvement that will come in 2020. We're modeling the comps of up 1% to up 2% for Europe in 2020. And with all the cost reductions that they've done and the further changes they made at the end of the year that gives them a flattish margin in 2020 and certainly as we look ahead, we would see that to be improved in 2021 and beyond.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So the 2% to 3% for the industrial outlook for 2020 and I would tell you, you have to remember to take into account that excludes the EIS amount. So the 2% to 3% implies something of 1.5% to down 2% comp. And I would tell you that that is primarily our Motion, North American business, probably more so in the first half, a little weaker, hopefully a little bit better in the second half. Our Australasian business and Inenco, they have comps of around up 2% in 2020. So we've implied something of a 1.5% to down 2% for 2020. Having said that, again with the cost reductions and the work that the transmission team is doing and the work that that business has done all-in 2019, they will have some operating margin improvement in 2020 despite having comps down 1.5% to 2%. So the team's done a great job in that area as we look ahead.
Carol Yancey: We have not. And it's a great question Bret. We -- while you didn't necessarily see the impact directly in our Q4 working capital. I would tell you with the introduction of the private label and some of the works that our global procurement teams have done, they were able to achieve about $50 million in working capital improvements in 2019, and then we look ahead in 2020, we think we'll have another $50 million. And those are even greater than just Europe because we’re getting some global savings, global working capital savings as well. And then on the other side, we are definitely on track and we will have our $25 million of procurement gross margin synergies by the end of 2020. And we were right on track with that as well. And that does not take into account the implied income statement benefit on these payable terms. So we've implied that in our 2020 working capital guidance to see that $100 million-plus coming into 2020.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would say that our team has done a great job, especially in the tariff environment and really pleased to see it across the automotive and industrial businesses. A lot of our pricing strategies and a lot of our supply chain initiatives we're doing, we believe there still is some opportunities for that to increase. We're just sort of modeling flattish and maybe a bit of improvement. Now, remember, some of the improvement this year is related to the net improvement from acquisitions and also, honestly, acquisitions and divestitures. So some of it is coming from that, which we would anniversary that next year.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So as we mentioned, when you look at our automotive and industrial business, we are implying operating margin improvement there. That is coming from - the majority of that is coming from improvements in their cost savings. So you would say, without the cost savings it would've been more like flat. I would tell you, what we're really pleased to see is, especially like in the automotive business, for example, with comps of 2% to 3%, we're able to leverage and improve operating margin for the first time in a couple of years. So, again, this cost reduction and the transformation that we're talking about is giving us something better than a flattish margin with some of these low comps. And remember, the industrial businesses got a comp of down 1.5% to down 2%. And yet, they will, as well, have operating margin improvement. What you - and this gets back to the gross margin thing, you're going to see that more in the SG&A line. And that's why we've kind of implied a flattish gross margin with our improvement coming through SG&A.
Carol Yancey: Yes. That's reasonable. The $100 million in saving is about 2% decrease in our SG&A. So we're modeling about half of that in our AG&A, about a 1% decrease. And so, then again, as you look ahead in 2021 we would have the full benefit of that. And the other thing I'd mention, our transformation office and transmission team, they're hard at identifying other opportunities. So we're not just stopping with this first lift, if you will, of the $100 million. They've got a pretty exciting packet with all of our businesses and a team that's working on a lot of new initiatives that we hope to be able to speak about in the quarters ahead.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I mean I guess it would be -- we did -- you're right -- and remember a majority of these first round of the $100 million, the majority of that is headcount because as you know 60%, 65% of our SG&A is headcount. So, with the payroll -- we did recognize those costs in Q4, the payroll start to -- you start to see that into Q1, but you definitely some of the other things will come a little bit later in the year. So, that's why we have some of the initiatives that come maybe in Q2 through Q4. So, it's not exactly divided by four quarters. But again as we've got some facilities, some consolidation amongst branches and operations those would come later in the year.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's year end conference call. We appreciate your support and investment in Genuine Parts Company and we look forward to reporting out on our Q1 results. Thank you and have a great day.
