Bert Nappier: Thanks, Chris. It's Bert. I'll take that one. I think in terms of the cadence of the year and maybe I'll just pull it up a level and talk about the guidance in general, sure you can appreciate the forecasting environment has its challenges right now, particularly with the mixed macro signals. We're very comfortable with our outlook, 4% to 6% top line, driving EPS up 6% to 7%, and in our range of $8.80 to $8.95. And we do expect margin expansion. That will come from both segments.  We see industrial having a little bit more upside on margin expansion in the auto business, but we'll see nice improvement on both. When we looked at our guidance and talking about the cadence, we really try to be as thoughtful as we can in this environment. We've got solid industry fundamentals for both businesses. We have really good momentum in both businesses coming out of 2022, but we've had two exceptional years. And I think we're in an environment where we all expect, not only GPC, but others growth to moderate a bit and normalize. And I think that's still good, and I think what we're doing this year and what we're forecasting for 2023 is a good outcome.  There are headwinds, and we're staying very prudent with our eyes wide open on the key factors that are out there to watch. We can't ignore that there's recessionary pressure and inflation in the geopolitical landscape around the world are all things we're watching. As we look at the year, we really kind of broke it into two halves. The automotive grows consistently across the quarters. So I think the cadence will stay pretty nice across the year and a few halves are 4 to 6 in both halves.  On the industrial, we're a little stronger in the first half, more high single-digit outlook for the first half for industrial and on the second half, more low single digit. And that's really just some of the uncertainty on that side of the business with some decelerating PMI numbers and things like that. So that's what we can see right now, a little stronger view into the first half and a little less clarity on the second half. And we think that lines up nicely for the full year. Again, KDG has been accretive to the business for the full year. I think you saw in our release and our commentary that we had a nice synergy benefit from KDG, and we'll continue to get good synergy benefits as we look into 2023. So we like that acquisition. It's been a tremendous expansion of capability for the Motion business, and our team at Motion has done an absolutely brilliant job of integrating and executing that acquisition.  So all that taken together, I think we feel really good about where we are. We're very bullish on GPC, and our size, scale and momentum across both segments position us to be successful. And we're going to watch the landscape and continue to stay ready for what comes at us as the macro environment continues to move.
Bert Nappier: Yes. So on the margin side, we're going to carry the momentum that we had in the fourth quarter. Our teams are doing absolutely reliant job of executing our core strategies on pricing and sourcing capabilities. I think in my prepared remarks, I talked about a 160 basis point increase in the fourth quarter just from the execution of category management, pricing and sourcing activities, that's going to continue. We expect that to continue into 2023, and so that success is what we have in our forecast.  We're looking for gross margins to be up in the range of 20 to 40 basis points for 2023. We don't really see a lot of headwind there. Anything in terms of what we're looking at from FX or inflation or any of that, it's pretty negligible at this point. So we're bullish on our execution of our gross margin activities and that helps us expand margin overall.  The SG&A impact on those two investment side are offset by other efficiencies. So when you look at the full year, we expect deleverage of 30 to 40 basis points in total. I gave you 60 basis points of deleverage, and so you'll see that we're making some ground up in driving leverage outside of those two investment categories where we can be more efficient and smarter in the business.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth, this is Bert. That's right. We're thinking about that total automotive segment out of 4% to 6%. And within that, we would be in the same range for the U.S. business.
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris, it's Will. Let me see if I can add some color to that. So as we commented in the prepared remarks, we really do continue to see very broad-based strength across our end markets to give you some perspective. I mean we have, call it, 15 different industries that we would describe as our top industries. The range of performance for the fourth quarter and the industries range from high single digits to over 35%.  So -- and then I think we said in our comments through the quarter, the 30% per month comp where growth rate was pretty consistent as well. So it's consistent and broad. This is a B2B business. So it is quite industrial and less consumer-oriented. There are a couple categories or industries here that perhaps you could extend to a broader consumer dynamic, lumber and wood be one, things around the construction industries. Those, if we had to point out one area of weakness to start the year, we saw some relative weakness there. I don't know if that's residential, commercial, real estate markets changing on us. But again, generally, it's a very industrial, non-consumer oriented B2B type of business that's very well diversified.
Will Stengel: Thanks, Kate. Appreciate the question and give you some color on '23 as we're looking at OpEx and CapEx side. On the OpEx, we are expecting a little bit of deleverage next year. We're going to invest in the cycle here, really focused on the long term on tech and talent. I know you asked about freight. We will see a little pressure there in inflationary pressure like we saw in the fourth quarter on freight, but we expect that to abate as we get into the second half of the year.  But back on our two big investments for next year, tech and talent, it's a competitive marketplace out there, and we're thinking about the long term. So on the talent side, we're making some smart investments in the business with our teams. We'll see a mid-single-digit wage increase this year a tiny bit higher than 2022, and we're going to absorb some costs, particularly on the health care side. Health care inflation is pretty prolific, and we're going to absorb some of that cost at corporate.  So we think those are the right investments for our team. The impact of 2023 of that basket of activities is about 30 basis points of deleverage on SG&A. And on the IT side, we're making investments that we need to make in the business to improve our capabilities, and this is really about modernizing our platforms. These are investments in data analytics, AI and new systems and some of those are pivoting to cloud-based systems, and those costs can't be capitalized.  So we feel good about those investments and what they do for our business. It allows us to go faster. And those investments we think driving leverage -- will be driving leverage outside of those investments and focus on efficiencies. So if you take those out, we'd be levering the business. The IT investment is about 30 basis points as well and our guide reflects all of this. And so we feel good about that as well. On capital, we'll see a little bit of an increase in capital next year, not outsized increase at the low end of our range, 10%. Again, we're very energized about where we're focused on the business in terms of opportunities for automation and modernization of DCs in the supply chain, and again, on IT. There's IT as platform investments and things that we want to do that we see benefit in. Many of those projects on the supply chain allow us to consolidate and close old DCs, and you can imagine that's kind of big benefit. And so taken all together, we think these are the right things to do for next year. We're still expecting margin expansion and a topline guide of 6% to 7%. So we think all of that together makes the right sense for where we are.
Will Stengel: I think they start to narrow, and so we would expect the DIY business. We're seeing some good strength in our DIY business, in particular, our accessories, which is a small part of the business, but it continues to grow really nicely even on tougher comps. So we would expect the gap to narrow as we go through 2023.
Will Stengel: Yes, Scot, it's Will. I'll take a cut at this. We're seeing great pricing work happening on both sides of the business, and in particular, in U.S. automotive. I would say, they're one of the most dynamic teams in terms of the things that they're doing around pricing. We've been at this now for 12 to 18 months in a pretty robust way, both in terms of the technology that we're using, the data, working with a third party, et cetera.  And we are actively thinking through the right way to execute pricing strategies relative to the market. That's really at the core of the work that we're doing. So we feel good about what we're doing. We study it daily. It's at the SKU level. We go into different markets, and we've got really nice visibility to react accordingly with dashboards and weekly updates as a team to make sure that what we're doing is beneficial for our customers and our business. So it's definitely something that we're hyper focused on.
Will Stengel: Scot, I might just add one other thought, which is the momentum that's behind the KDG and the Motion combination. We get very active and positive feedback from customers on kind of the breadth and depth of the service offering, the value-add services. And I think that's really extended the leadership position of the combined business over the last 12 months.
Will Stengel: Yes, Bret, let me take a pass at that. We're in the very early innings Obviously, the last 12 to 18 months has delivered really strong momentum. We're excited about that. We fully expect to continue to do that. We're in, call it, 10 to 15 categories. We've got opportunities to do more than that. Within the categories that we actually offer that doesn't necessarily mean they're in each one of our local markets. So even if we just stayed in our 10 to 15 primary categories, we'd have a great opportunity to continue to push that product. But we're excited about this and believe that it can be close to 20% of the revenue over the next 2 to 3 years.
Will Stengel: It's a great question. The short answer is, it's always the above on the store base. So a lot of thought has gone into the markets in which we want to add relative density. And so depending on the best way to do that, we'll consider either working with an independent owner or if it's another competitive store group, we'll consider that. But as you alluded to, it's strategic markets, adding that density, making sure that we've got the ability to cover customers well with the right inventory mix, and it's a very attractive ROIC lever for us as we bring a lot of value to those merged entities after we own.
Will Stengel: It's a national approach. We're doing it. It's the same M&A strategy, quite frankly, globally for our automotive business. We do the same work in Canada, and we did the same work in Europe as we do here in the U.S.
Will Stengel: It has the potential to be. It will take some time just given the law of numbers, but that is a lever that we have to change that mix, for sure.
Will Stengel: Yes. The synergies are in both buckets. So we have net sales synergies as well as cost synergies. So they interplay together. We do think there's some upside as we move forward. The business has really nice momentum. We committed to $50 million when we originally announced the transaction by year three. We're in a position to deliver $50 million by the end of year two. So with $30 million realized through year 1, an incremental $20 million in year 2. And I'm confident that the team will execute well and deliver on that commitment and potentially more.
Will Stengel: Yes, Seth, I would -- its Will. I would say that weather might have helped slightly, but not material to close the year. As we look forward, it's currently 80 degrees here in Atlanta. There's a couple of feet of snow in different parts of the country. It's hard to predict. I would tell you, January feels like -- certainly, in our North American market, it's been a mild winter that had some implications for some of our product categories, but I'm confident the team is going to work through that. We can't control it. So we're going to focus on what we can control and make sure that we're taking care of our customers and our teammates safely.
Paul Donahue: Yes. And Chris, I would just add. I think as you look at our more traditional end markets, food products, iron and steel, aggregate, automotive, all up well into the double digits in Q4. So as both Will and Bert had said, we remain incredibly bullish about our industrial business. I'm pleased to say, we're seeing double-digit growth right out of the blocks here in Q1. So yes, we're going to -- we're just going to keep on pressing forward. And look, there's a lot of reasons to be optimistic about the future. You've got manufacturing returning to the U.S., a lot of onshoring, reshoring. You've got a lot of investments in semiconductors, energy, battery storage, mining, all of which play to our strength.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So inflation, just to kind of talk about it trend-wise, our view is that it moderated in the fourth quarter. It ticked down slightly from Q3, and that monetary policy in the U.S. is working. It's having an effect around the world, but it does take some time all about the flow through supply chain and through the businesses. So as you said, Q4 and FY '22 inflation levels overall were mid-single digits. High single digits in auto and low single digits in industrial.  And as we look to '23, we expect for it to continue to moderate for the full year. We think monetary policy works and will work. We were at a peak of 9.1% in June. We had 7 straight months of easing. And when we look at that, the way we kind of thought about our forecast for the full year is that the full year would be at a low single-digit all up, remaining at low single digits for industrial and low single digit for auto.  That obviously ticks down across the course of the year. So we step down Q1, Q2, Q3, Q4 as monetary policy continues to have an impact. Again, it's a little bit of a wildcard, and we have to make an assumption when we give our guide, which is what we've done. So we'll still be watching the effect of monetary policy and other actions, but that's our assumption based. Q1, just to be specific, we'll tick down from where we are to mid-single digit, I think, for auto. Industrial stays at low single digit and all up mid-single digits in Q1.
Paul Donahue: And Scot, I would just add to that, that we're -- despite what you may be hearing in the marketplace, the pricing environment overall as it generally has been in automotive is rational, we're not seeing any huge swings one way or the other. And as you well know, having the product on the shelf and available when the customer needs it is still the primary driver and not necessarily price.
Paul Donahue: I don't think so, Scot. I know you and I talked about it on the last call. Look, we're not totally insulated from the effects of a downturn in PMI or industrial production. But I would tell you, we are a whole lot more confident today given the diversity of our product and our service offering, the end markets we're servicing, things like EV manufacturing plant.  I mentioned earlier, the opportunity with onshore, nearshore and manufacturing coming back to the U.S. So all of that bodes very well for Motion. And we've evolved, I guess, Scot -- my time here, we've evolved from being a -- basically a distributor of bearings and industrial supplies to a really world-class industrial solutions provider, one who provides solutions in automation, robotics, conveyance, hydraulics, fluid power. So look, we're not totally immune to what's happening in manufacturing, but I like our business, I like our team and I like our chances. And again, we're off to another really good start here in Q1.
Paul Donahue: Liz, you're exactly right. We're being a little conservative here. We're holding some dry powder. Look, we are at 1.7 times, well below our stated range of 2 to 2.5 times. And we like that position. We think that it's really smart right now in this environment. We'll look for opportunistic things across the board whether it's CapEx or M&A. And so we really do think that we've been able to work that down post KDG acquisition right after we bought KDG earlier in the year, we were closer to 2.  So I think nice performance to work it back down. And look across the landscape or whatever we might see come up. So nothing pressing or imminent, but we just like the financial flexibility that we have with our current cash balance, our total liquidity and being very disciplined across our capital allocation structure.
Paul Donahue: Bret, I know we got into this discussion last time we were together. And so I would tell you, I think we're at about the bottom of the third, Bret, in terms of our process here in private label. It's going extremely well. All the countries have jumped on board, and we haven't even rolled it out yet to the new markets we entered last year, Spain and Portugal. So yes, we're excited, and I know the team is excited. And the best part is, our customers and the consumers are buying the product, and they love the product.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So thanks for the question, Joe. And look, it's a reality, and there's a number of reports that we've all reviewed of late commenting on the number of CEOs that are considering and have begun considering bringing manufacturing back here, not only the U.S., but across North America. And certainly, Mexico would be a part of that where we have a strong presence with the Motion business.  So look, it's a positive. It's more long -- it's certainly more long range. It's not going to -- certainly not going to happen overnight. But again, I think as these companies do return to North America, automation is going to play a significant role given some of the labor challenges and labor shortages. So automation in these operations is going to be significant, and again, we are extremely well positioned as it relates to our automation and robotics offerings.
Paul Donahue: Well, I would tackle that, Seth. We're hoping to see a little bit of a lift, which we did see in the latter part of the year as fuel prices started to abate a bit here in the U.S. So I still think there's a bit of a reluctance for mass transit, not to mention air travel and air fares are at all-time high. So I think that a 1% lift would not be out of the realm of possibility. So we think it will be a tailwind in '23, for sure.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Chad. We appreciate it. Appreciate all the questions and everyone joining us this morning. As you've heard, we're incredibly pleased with the reported record year for GPC, and we could not be prouder of the great work done by all of our teammates around the world. We continue to be excited with the momentum this business continues to generate, and I would just conclude by saying, the future is very, very bright for GPC. So I hope you all have a great day wherever you are, and hope to see you at our Investor Day meeting here in March. All the best.
