Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, thank you, Paul and Carol, for your updates. Well done in each case, as usual. So that's a recap on our second quarter results. And as we look back over the quarter, we feel that our folks made good progress in a number of key areas. Our sales and earnings set new quarterly records with and without the impact of acquisitions. On the balance sheet, accounts receivable and inventory were managed well and accounts payable continue to trend in the right direction. Cash from operations improved nicely and working capital efficiency improved as well. On the revenue side, it's clear that our Automotive segment is the bright spot for us right now. The Automotive operation showed good sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2, both with and without about the acquisition impact. We are pleased with the progress being made in this segment and we feel that the prior full year -- revenue guidance of plus 5% to plus 7% without acquisition volume, and plus 18% to 20% with the GPC Asia Pacific volume, remains appropriate at this time. And we think that this would represent a solid performance from our automotive team. Our challenges right now are more concentrated in our nonautomotive operations. End market conditions in each of these segments remain challenging. And while we do expect to see second half revenues to improve somewhat compared to first half, we think that it's appropriate to trim our prior full year revenue guidance for each of these businesses. In our prior guidance for Industrial, we said that revenues for the year would be up 4% to 6%, and currently, we think it's more appropriate to say that they're going to be up 1% to 3%. Prior, we had guided for Electrical/Electronic to be up 4% to 6% as well, and now we'd say even to up 2%. And prior guidance for Office Products was up 1% to up 3%, and currently, we would say it's down 1% to plus 1%. In putting all of this together, we give GPC a full year sales increase of plus 9% to plus 10%. On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for an EPS range of $4.45 to $4.60. And at this point, we think it appropriate to raise the bottom end of the guidance to $4.50. This would give us a new range of $4.50 to $4.60 with a bit of a bias toward the mid to lower end of the range until we see how the overall economy performs in the second half of the year. And this will give us an EPS increase of 9% to 11% for the year, and we want to remind you that we did have a pension curtailment gain in the fourth quarter of last year that was $0.09 per share. And if we back this out, the gain -- the increase for the EPS will be up 11% to up 14% without that onetime gain that last year. So with all of that said, at this time, we'd like to take your questions. And we'll turn the call back over to Jasmine.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, we anticipated that it would be a gain. And it might be instructive just to say that you're probably familiar with the accounting on this. And we had a higher range and a low range on the anticipated gain and it's a very complicated process, and you can't narrow it down until you get to the very last moment. And we tried to take an appropriate look at it when we gave you that prior guidance. And as it turns out, we were reasonably close with what it actually turned out to be.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, just as a reminder, Matt, the independent channel was down mid single-digit and the Mega Channel was up mid single-digit. And we've seen variations in this over time and we can go back 1 year or 2 and see that the independents may have been growing at a little faster rate with us than the Mega Channel. So it does undulate a bit up and down, just depending upon the circumstance. At this point, I would say that the independents, as a general statement, the independents that seem to be doing reasonably well right now have embraced some of the newer things that S.P. Richards has been introducing. So as for instance, the independents that have embraced, in a big way, the cleaning and breakroom category are enjoying pretty good revenue growth with that. And of course, we benefit from that. And the same thing could be said for the Megas as well. As you know, they've embraced some of the new growth opportunities also. Those independents that have a strong presence on the Internet, I think, as a general statement, would be doing a little bit better than those independents that don't have a strong presence on the Internet. So it varies depending upon the particular circumstance of the independent channel. I was just at a meeting where S.P. Richards had a number of their independent customers in attendance. And I'd have to say that I was encouraged by the determination that I heard from the number that I got to talk with. And while they're not happy with where they find themselves as a general statement through midyear, many of them have a little bit of optimism for the second half of the year and they're determined to embrace some of these things that they know can enhance the revenue growth in the quarters ahead.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, it's inclusive of that number, Matt. We tried to bake that in when we gave you some guidance at the time of the transaction.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think we'd start with making the point that you may recall that at the end of the first 2 quarters last year, our industrial business was up 10%. And we ended the year up 7%. So we saw some deceleration in the second half of 2012. So the comps get a little easier. And then, I think, as I mentioned in my comments, some of the challenges that we have in the original equipment manufacturer segment, we're going to anniversary some of that, and here again, the comps get, I think, a little easier for us. And then we've got specific initiatives that are underway that we think could generate some incremental volume in the second half of the year. So it's a combination of factors.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Paul, if I could add to it. Chris, if we look at our retail business, both ticket count and basket size across the 3 months in the quarter, there was a pretty consistent performance on a per day basis across the 3 months in the quarter. So I think that would suggest that maybe we did get to benefit in April from the Easter transition year-over-year. But the May and June numbers, I think, would validate a bit of what Paul is saying and that is the retail business is better. It's not booming by any stretch. But it's better than what it was and we're encouraged by what our team has accomplished on a monthly basis over the course of the quarter.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I might take the first stab at that, Chris. We don't break out the volumes or percentage of the total volume on any of the product categories. I suggest we just leave it that it's a significant product category for anybody that's in the automotive aftermarket. And in terms of the relative performance, I think the industry was probably down in the brake category this year. And our numbers, if they're indicative of what's happening in the industry is probably a positive through the first half of this year, certainly, we are.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Yes. I think we would expect the fourth quarter to be a bit heavier -- a bit better than the third quarter, at least the way we see it right now.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It very well may. And we're always open to having any discussion. At the end of the day, it's going to really come down to does it make sense for the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company? But yes, we'd be open to continue to have discussions with folks.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, the input costs would affect our supply base more than they would us. If, in fact, we see sustained lower input cost, that should theoretically translate into reduced purchase prices and enable us to pass on lower prices to our customers as well.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Keith, we could not quantify precisely what the gain was going to be. We knew there would be a gain. And as I mentioned, we had a range. And when we gave the guidance at the time, we tried to pick what we thought would most closely approximate what actually turned out to be the gain. And we came pretty close in the final analysis. So yes, it includes it. And then, as Carol said, you need to back out from that the 30% equity stake that we had when we set up the guidance for the full year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think, if you want really a lot more of the detail, what might make the most sense is if you'll call Sid after this call. He'll be happy to try to walk you through it.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Keith, one other comment on the EPS improvement. Just keep in mind that we did have the onetime curtailment gain, the pension curtailment gain in Q4 of last year. And that was $0.09 a share. So take that into consideration as you build your model.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't break out the individual units. But I think Paul mentioned that they performed right at expectation for us in the quarter. So they did a good job.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I don't know if I'd refer to it as reduction in maintenance deferral. But we do know, based upon Paul's comments, that our major account and our AutoCare business both enjoyed good solid growth, which would suggest perhaps that we're getting some of that repair that's been hanging out there.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Sure. We'll take the first part of the question first. And we did see sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. I think, in my comments, I mentioned that we're up mid single-digit in the second quarter in those industry segments, and we were up low single-digit or up low single digit year-to-date. So we did see some sequential improvement. As far as any specific initiatives, we would prefer not to get into those on the call. But I would say that we do have specific initiatives trying to continue to drive revenue in all of the customer categories that we have, as well as all product categories that we have. So that's a significant area of emphasis for us right now.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we could say specific differences geographically due to any geographic regions. We would see differences geographically, depending upon how closely aligned they are to some of these OEM customers that I referenced in my comments.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't have any direct exposure because we don't sell direct. We sell only through Office Products resellers. But it's that customer category that would have exposures. So we would have many, many customers that do business at different levels of government, they would do local, state, federal business. And that customer segment at all 3 levels is really being impacted currently.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, what we would say is they're both good companies and they're both good customers to S.P. Richards. And I think, as a general statement, if there is overcapacity in the industry, at least at the store level, over the medium and longer term, this will be a good positive for the industry overall and for the companies that we're talking about specifically. As far as more direct impact, I think there are some pluses and some minuses at any combination like this. And certainly, in the very near term, there will probably be some redundant inventories that will be burned off and that might create some headwind to revenue growth. But there'll also be, I think, some opportunities for other customers to find ways to grow their business as we go through this process. And if, in fact, those customers are customers of S.P. Richards, that's a net positive for SPR.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, as far as the second quarter, if we look at it on a per day basis, the month was fairly even as we worked our way through the month. At this point, I think it's too early to make any comments on the July numbers.
Paul D. Donahue: Yes, great question, David. And let me take the first one regarding the trending throughout the quarter. The quarter actually strengthened as we moved through the quarter. So May was a bit better than April. And on a per day basis, June was a bit better than May. So we do remain encouraged by what we're seeing in automotive and we're encouraged by the trend that we're seeing. In terms of regionality, David, we did see -- if you recall, in our previous calls, we were challenged, as I think many were, in the Midwest, Eastern, central parts of the country. We have seen that area of the country. Certainly, the East and the Midwest have come back strong. The Southwest has been a good performer for us last couple of years. They continue to do well. And the rest of the country is pretty much performing as we expected.
Paul D. Donahue: I would think a little bit of both, Matt. As I mentioned in my comment are 2 key initiatives for us certainly is our AutoCare business, and as I mentioned, we had a record number of AutoCares in the past quarter. And our major account business has bounced back nicely. So those 2 areas have grown nicely and I think will continue to do so. So that certainly is driving our overall commercial business.
Paul D. Donahue: So when we talk about major accounts, Matt, our key partners in that world are folks like Firestone, Goodyear, Tire Kingdom, Midas, AAA, certainly.
Paul D. Donahue: I'll take the first one first, Michael. Certainly, Easter having a shift into the first quarter, the Easter holiday, that negatively impacted our numbers in Q1. So I think you could then surmise that it was a tailwind for our Q2 numbers. And the second question regarding our margin performance, I'm going to have Carol address that because I'm not sure I understood what your question was.
Paul D. Donahue: So Chris, your first question was around the impact of Easter and was that a comp number or did Easter have an impact on our retail number. The way I'm looking at our retail business, Chris, we had a nice bounce back in Q2. And whether that's because Easter was in Q1, it's hard to determine. But I do know this, our retail business rebounded nicely in Q2. And we have a number of initiatives in the works that I do believe are beginning to take hold. And there's no reason to believe that we shouldn't continue that retail growth in Q3 and Q4. Again, we have a number of initiatives in the works and I'm excited with what the team is doing and we're pleased with what we're seeing.
Paul D. Donahue: I think, Bret, that's indicative of both categories. I mentioned we had a very strong quarter in our battery business on the failure side, but we also saw nice comeback in our brakes business.
Paul D. Donahue: No. It's interesting, Bret, because I recently read where the month of June across the country was the warmest in many years, but it was also the wettest. And our business in the South and certainly the Mid-Atlantic areas just got pounded with rain in the months. So again, it's difficult to quantify but I have to believe it had an impact on business because people just aren't getting out and working on their cars and visiting the retail stores. So your comments are, I think, dead on.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, so we gave you the onetime amounts that are in both of those numbers. So taking those into account, what we would say that our gross margins, our core gross margins were up slightly, excluding the impact of GPC Asia Pacific and the onetime adjustments. And SG&A, because of the decline in the sales in the nonautomotive businesses, our SG&A, really, we didn't have the improvement there and that's the loss of leverage and you see that in the operating margins. So what we're saying on a go-forward basis is you are going to see just a slight shift there, if you will, that's due to GPC Asia Pacific, but we're going to continue to focus on our normal improvements in both of those lines.
Carol B. Yancey: No. One thing to keep in mind is when we did our original guidance, when we assumed we were going to have a 30% investment for the full year, we had given an EPS guidance. And then we came in and said we're going to do the 70%. And we put in an incremental amount. But there was already some amount in the beginning number, if you will, but the $0.15 to $0.20 was a range of the incremental amount adding in the 70% and knowing we already had something in there for the 30%, but it's not a breakeven. In fact, it's -- the $0.15 to $0.20 range for the 9 months were just what their operating numbers are. It's pretty close to what it is.
Carol B. Yancey: So the 30% investment, there's purchase accounting rules and we're happy to have Sid go into more of this with you later. But the purchase accounting rules cause you to have a fair value valuation done by a third-party independent valuation firm. And they look at a lot of market metrics and they look at the results of the company and they look at a lot of different variables and it's a very in-depth process. So it's a fair value valuation of that original 30% that was $166 million, and you revalue it to the April 1 date.
Carol B. Yancey: So if you recall, in the first quarter, our Automotive margins were up 10 basis points. And then, this quarter, we're showing a really strong 9.3%, and they were flat. And for the 6 months, we're still able to show 10 basis point improvement. And what we would say is just for the quarter, our core business probably was up slightly. But we're saying, on a full year comparative basis, margins for GPC Asia Pacific are very similar to our normal business, our core business. You could have some differences quarter-to-quarter because if you -- you may or may not know, but their quarters are completely opposite of ours. So our second and third quarters here in the U.S. are our strongest throughput quarters. And these are pretty high operating margins for second and third quarters. But for Australia, it's the reverse on their quarters. So their stronger quarters are first and fourth.
Carol B. Yancey: The increase in that is GPC Asia Pacific. So the sales discounts that we have to show, by putting in their revenue, we had to show the offset on that line. So it's entirely related to GPC Asia Pacific. So the run rate that you see for this quarter will probably be the way that it is for the rest of the year.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, what we're trying to say is that we'd like to have margin improvement. And you may see that on the automotive side, that if on the nonautomotive we don't have the top line growth, you may not have that. So it's -- we would say that margins would be relatively flat to up slightly and that's what we're trying to accomplish.
Carol B. Yancey: We want to thank everybody for participating in this quarter's call. And we look forward to talking with you with our third quarter release. Thank you.
