Tom Gallagher: Thank you Jerry. That concludes our comments on the first quarter. We are pleased to get 2010 started off on solid footing. As far as the remainder of the year is concerned we feel it is still a bit too early for us to be making any significant changes to the full-year guidance provided in our February call. However, based upon the first quarter results it might be appropriate to increase the full-year revenue range from plus 2% to plus 4% to plus 3-5% largely driven by the improved performance in industrial and electrical and then to narrow the earnings range somewhat from the $2.52-2.70 provided in our last call to $2.55-2.70 and we will look forward to refining the range a bit more as we get another quarter or so under our belt.  That concludes our planned remarks. At this time we would like to open the call up to your individual questions. We will turn the call back over to the Operator. 
Tom Gallagher: The quarter got a little bit stronger as we progressed through. We were impacted across all of our businesses by the weather we experienced in the early and mid part of the quarters and that had an impact on the January/February results but March was clearly the strongest performance in the quarter. The April results thus far in the month are in line with the March results so they are pretty encouraging as well. 
Tom Gallagher: I will try to answer that. First of all the pricing adjustments that were done starting really in the second quarter of last year were done sequentially as the year progressed. So all price adjustments were not done in Q2 and Q3 last year. They were done over a period of time. What we have seen is that the ones that were done first are getting the kinds of results we had hoped to achieve and frankly what we needed to achieve.  If we look at our under car product category, for instance, that is where we took the first steps and some of the product categories that would be in the under car group would be things like brake rotors, brake drums, ride control, all of those lines are performing well and they are not a drag on the margin at this point.  Some of the lines that came later in the cycle and under hood might be an example where we adjusted more recently, ignition pricing we adjusted things like wire sets, our unit increases are up and are moving in the right direction but we don’t have the velocity yet that offsets the gross profit drag and that is where we are still facing a little bit of an impact. What will happen in our opinion is we think this will moderate as we progress through the months ahead. We think as we get towards mid-year and on into the third and fourth quarters this will not be a headwind and we should be stabilized from what we see now. The bulk of the adjustments that needed to be made have been made. There may be a little bit left but they are not as significant as the ones we have already adjusted. 
Tom Gallagher: There is the potential. We are not planning for it. If it happens that is great. The other side of it is we continue to work hard on the inventory levels and we continue to bring those down and that mitigates some of the revenue growth we are seeing in the industrial business.
Tom Gallagher: I think the quarterly results demonstrate the kind of leverage we can get. They were up 9% in revenue and up 43% in operating profit so I think they got some pretty extraordinary leverage on that 9% sales number. We don’t…
Tom Gallagher: I think if the revenue numbers stay in line with what we saw in the first quarter then we can expect to have very, very strong profit improvement from the industrial business. Our issue right now is we are just pretty cautious in terms of what is going to happen in the manufacturing sector. What we are hearing from our customer base is they are optimistic about what they think could happen but they too are remaining very, very cautious and they are just not sure how long it is going to continue. The industrial production number and capacity utilization number that came out yesterday would give us some confidence it is going to continue for a few more months but we want to remain on the cautious side for right now.
Tom Gallagher: I would say it is more in the hard part arena and I think the growth we had on the commercial side of the business would validate that. I mentioned our retail business and company store group was up only 1% for the quarter, sequentially improved from January through March but still was only up 1% for the quarter. So more in the hard part arena. 
Tom Gallagher: Our fleet business as we mentioned in our comments was flat for the quarter. We have to say we were pleased with that after running double digit decreases all of 2009. Seeing the fleet business come in even for the quarter gives us a little bit of encouragement. I would also add we see the truck tonnage numbers and they actually turned positive in December and then again in January for the first time in quite some time. We are hopeful that the fleet business has stabilized and perhaps we will even see a little bit of growth in that category as the year progresses.  As far as the other elements of our wholesale business our major account business was up 9%. Our Auto Care business was up 7% for the quarter. So we think pretty strong performances and they follow somewhat similar increases in the fourth quarter of last year so we like the trends we see in both of those categories. 
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think I can answer that question. I don’t have enough detail to give you an intelligent answer. 
Tom Gallagher: It would be more the pricing adjustments that were taken than the mix. There was some element of mix but not a material impact. It was more the pricing adjustments. 
Tom Gallagher: At this point nothing near the magnitude of what was done in 2009. If you remember back in the early part of last year we said we found we had allowed ourselves to get in a position where we were not as competitive as we needed to be and we had some things that needed to be done. We have pretty much accomplished the majority of that. So we will watch what happens in the marketplace and we monitor it on an ongoing basis and if we need to adjust we certainly will. I think the worst of the headwinds are behind us. As I mentioned earlier I think as we work our way through this quarter and on into the first part of Q3 I think we will see these things start to come back in line. 
Tom Gallagher: That has happened is we have benefited from the dealership closures and we have benefited directly and indirectly and probably more on an indirect basis where any dealership that closed they non-warranty repair work that was being done there the majority of that has gone into the independent after market. We have an opportunity to capture some of that.  As far as the dealers that have converted and gone full bore into the repair side of the business we have a number of those that have aligned themselves with NAPA Auto Care and that obviously is a direct benefit for us. We think that will continue to be a good program for us as we work our way through the remainder of the year. 
Tom Gallagher: One of the West Coast businesses at the high end of our performance range. I mentioned in my comments we are positive in every one of our eight geographic regions and if we look at top to bottom the West Coast would be up near the top for us. I think we are holding up pretty well there actually. 
Tom Gallagher: I think if we look at what we gave as guidance we gave a range and we said flat to up 3% for the year for office products. We are down actually 0.5% through the first quarter. We still think flat to up 3% is a reasonable expectation for office products for the full-year. As I mentioned a little bit ago we think we still start to turn positive sometime in the next quarter or two and then remain positive over the remainder of the year. 
Tom Gallagher: I can give you what I think may have happened. First of all keep in mind that we are coming off of some significant decreases in the first quarter of last year in the furniture category so the comps are a whole lot easier. I think that the work that is being done by the folks involved with the furniture category in our office product company I think they have repositioned the product line. They have done some nice things with it and I think they have just gotten some pretty favorable market response as a result of the hard work that has been done there. 
Tom Gallagher: We have done some price point repositioning but more contributing to it has been the fact that we have added some additional SKUs. We have expanded some of the product offerings. We have added some additional private label programs. We have enhanced some of the marketing programs that our dealer customers are able to use. When we put it all together I think they just got pretty good market response to some of the things that have been done. 
Tom Gallagher: We did a couple of acquisitions last year. We have completed two this year. One small acquisition in the electrical the first of the year. It is about a $9 million per year business. Then we referenced the BC Bearing acquisition that was completed the first of March at about $140 million. We have as part of our overall growth strategy we have an acquisition component and all four of our businesses are actively looking for things they think may make sense.  On an ongoing basis we are looking at different opportunities in the different businesses but we are fairly disciplined or at least we like to think we are in how we approach these and we will not consciously over-pay for anything. We have valuation formulas we stick pretty closely to and if we can find good, accretive, bolt-on type companies that we think make good fits for GPC then we will continue to try and add them to our portfolio of companies. I don’t think we are any more open minded. Certainly no less open minded about the acquisitions than what we have been.  We found last year for instance with them their valuations were still a little bit higher than what we thought were reasonable and they may be coming a little bit more in line with the range we think is reasonable in 2010 or at least we hope so. 
Tom Gallagher: They were down slightly because of inventory reductions for the most part but they were a factor. Not a dramatic factor but they were a factor. 
Tom Gallagher: I think we don’t see any evidence of pricing pressures intensifying. Our reasons for thinking that will turn slightly positive are based upon number one the comps are a whole lot easier compared to where we have been historically. Two, we see some stabilization in the white collar employment numbers. After declining over 2 million jobs per year in 2008 and 2009 we actually had a slight positive number for the first quarter of 2010 about 182,000 service sector jobs were added in the first quarter. So we don’t believe the downward pressures are going to be as great in the employment area as what they have been.  Lastly, some of the programs that the office products group has put together look encouraging to us. We talked a few minutes ago about what has happened in the furniture category. I think that should have a chance of continuing. A lot of good work is being done in the area of cleaning and break room supplies so we expect those numbers to hold up for us. Then I mentioned the core office supply category which is almost half of the business was off about 5% in the quarter and we think the team is working hard to find ways to bring that number back or at least get it slightly positive in the quarters ahead.  They are the reasons we think that business could get a little bit better for us but we are not looking for a dramatic turn. As I mentioned we are thinking still that flat to up 3% for the year is a reasonable expectation for that business and hopefully as we turn and get into 2011 we will get back to more historical growth rates. 
Jerry Nix: We will have to judge that towards the end of the year. I can tell you that for planning purposes we are assuming the same rebates we earned last year in 2009. Your question earlier about the gross margin in the fourth quarter there were some unusual items. If you recall we picked up a significant amount from our LIFO [inaudible] in the fourth quarter last year due to the inventory reductions and we are not assuming that at this point this year but we are assuming the same rebates in industrial for 2010 that we took in 2009. 
Jerry Nix: There are two things. It is not just BC Bearing. We acquired a company called General Tool on May 1 of last year and that number is in that 4 point acquisition growth as well. Our numbers for BC Bearing were a little bit less than what you referenced but not materially so. It was more a matter of the General Tool and BC Bearing combined. 
Jerry Nix: I might also point out they had operating margin for the full-year in 2007 and 2008 of 8.4%. While that fell off dramatically last year to 5.6 we expect that to improve but keep in mind even with the sales improvement we are not back to the same sales volume they had back in 2008. It may not get back to the 8.4 this year but certainly it will trend back in that direction. 
Jerry Nix: On looking at this margin thing when we are talking about automotive keep in mind that in the first quarter last year we had very strong gross margins and the reason for that is we were coming off of historically high inflationary numbers coming out of 2008 in all four business segments. That is part of the reason for this gross margins fall off in the first quarter. 
Jerry Nix: The actual growth in the margins is more driven by the leverage we are gaining off of the revenue that they reported. All of our business units last year if you recall we took about $70-75 million in costs out of our SG&A in 2009. Thus far we have not really added that cost back and particularly in the industrial and electrical as our revenue has come back. They are operating off a lower expense base now and that is the reason for the expansion in their margin. 
Jerry Nix: I think you heard both of us correct. I think Tom’s comments about making up for the gross margin thing on the volume side, hopefully that is going to happen. The other side is we are certainly going to try and continue to take costs out of our SG&A. So it is a combination of those things. 
Jerry Nix: We appreciate those of you joining us on the call today. We also appreciate your ongoing and continued support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future if something comes up. Otherwise we will be talking to you at our second quarter conference call. Thank you and have a good day. 
