Will Stengel: Yes. Chris, good morning. It’s Will here. Let me take a crack and Bert and Paul can jump in if you have anything to add. So as you alluded to generally speaking U.S. automotive combine, do it for me, do it yourself consistent through the quarter on a monthly basis. I would say, on the do it yourself side, we did see some moderation through the quarter as we expected based on year-over-year comparables. I would say that we’re not reading into a softness in the customer based on what we’re seeing in our data. And so I’m not sure that we have the same takeaway that perhaps some of your traditional retailers are reading through in terms of the help of the consumer.
Will Stengel: Yes, Chris, similarly we saw very consistent strength through the quarter. And as Paul alluded to kind of early looks and commentary around July, we’re seeing that continued strength coming out of the quarter, as well as we had in our prepared remarks. We saw broad strength across all of our end markets. We saw broad strength across all of our product categories. And we spend a lot of time in the field talking with customers, and I would say the mood is cautious, but on the margin quite positive. We’re obviously watching it and cautiously optimistic, but we feel good about what we’re seeing in the business.
Will Stengel: Yes. It’s Will here. I’ll take that one. So I would characterize global supply chain as stable to slightly improved over the last 100 days. We’ve seen a moderation in our ocean freight rate. I would say that the ports continue to be more congested than average in particular on the East Coast now relative to what we saw early in the year on the West Coast. But the suppliers aren’t experiencing problems, obtaining vessel space, which is a positive development. Lockdowns are moderating over in Asia, which is a positive development. And I think for us as we’ve thought through and worked through these developments, we’ve improved actually how we execute.  So we've rebalanced some of our poor activity. We've rebalanced some of our supplier geographies and we're gaining some nice traction there. So the one thing that I would call out is the transport from port to final destination that is still challenged, whether we're talking rail or freight logistics, but net-net were slightly improved relative to where we were 100 days ago.
Will Stengel: Yes. Daniel, let me see if I can't break down your questions. First piece was, are we seeing any impact from competitive pricing strategies in the market? And I would tell you that we're not seeing an impact from anything that's been announced by competitors as it relates to pricing the market continues to be rational. And as we've talked a lot about here we're doing our own strategic work around pricing to be agile and react to the market and super proud of the team there. The second part of your question was which part of our initiative stack is driving share gains near term and recently? And all of our work around sales force effectiveness obviously is turning into nice momentum. The pricing work is turning into nice momentum and all of our technology investments that's improving the customer experience and making us easier to do business with. And while I talk about, I think your question was U.S. auto specific, all of those initiatives are relevant as we look around the globe. We have flavors and versions of all of those same initiatives which I think is contributing to very nice global broad-based strength.
Paul Donahue: And I would – Chris, I would just add onto that, you kind of asked about the current quarter please report that U.S. Automotive continues to be in good shape. The trends we’re seeing in July are very similar to what we saw in Q2. So all is positive on the U.S. Automotive front.
Paul Donahue: Yes, I’ll take that Chris. Our European business continues to be rock solid. We had another really good quarter. I could not be more proud of our European team. And we saw it across all of our markets. We saw really nice sales increase in Germany. Our Netherlands business is strong, really pleased to see our business in France, posting mid-single-digits. So all is good there. As you know, we’re not in Russia or Ukraine, and so not necessarily feeling that impact. You mentioned the energy issue, Chris, which obviously is getting a lot of press we’re watching it closely. We are not an energy dependent business. So our DCs, our stores will continue to operate as they always have. So, we’re watching it certainly, we’re concerned, we’re a little concerned over the potential for some economic challenges, but again, please to say really strong quarter by our team, and we’re seeing that strength carryover into Q3 as well.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Scot. This is Paul. I’ll take that. The – look, the environment we see in Europe in our five years now in that market is very consistent with what we see in the U.S. And look, it’s steady as we’ve seen in the U.S., the automotive aftermarket is incredibly resilient. If there is a recession, which many are predicting, but it remains to be seen. We expect our business to continue to move in a positive direction. So we’re very pleased with our team, with our performance, with our footprint which excludes Eastern Europe and with our performance to date, which has been very, very strong. And as you heard in the quarter Scot, we expanded our footprint first quarter into Spain and certainly expanded our footprint in Germany this past quarter. So we’re in a good place with a great team and with a positive outlook for the balance of the year.
Paul Donahue: We sell nice strengths down the Eastern half of the United States. One could make the case that fuel prices on the west coast impacted that given there's so much more elevated relative to the national average, but the Northeast, the Southeast in our Atlantic region showed nice strength through the quarter.
Paul Donahue: No. And you are correct, Daniel. It is about half of our business is under contract and pleased to say we are not seeing any signs of slowdown in our business segments. And certainly we could call out a few that were continuing to see accelerate as we go into the second half. So yes, industrial is performing incredibly well as you've heard throughout this call.
Paul Donahue: I would just add on to that Seth. Bert mentioned gasoline is coming down and it's coming down quickly. It's been its down. I think, I heard this morning, $0.17 in the past week. And what we're seeing is an incredibly resilient consumer. We heard from our friends at AAA 88% of travelers over the July 4th weekend, which gasoline was well over $5 a gallon in that timeframe. 88% of travelers were on the road in their vehicles. So as always the automotive aftermarket is incredibly resilient. I think our consumers are pretty resilient. So we're feeling, good about our NAPA business in the second half.
Paul Donahue: It remains to be seen Seth, but look I think the improvements we're seeing in our NAPA business, we saw it firsthand last week. We had 15,000 of our NAPA store owners, auto care centers. The positive momentum we have coming out of that conference. The positive momentum that I hear from our teams and our independent owners our NAPA auto care centers are major accounts. Our guys are in a good place. And I expect that to continue in the second half of the year.
Paul Donahue: Yes, thanks Roco [ph]. And to, all of our participating analyst out there. Thanks for your questions. Thanks for participating. And look, I’ve just closed with our teams are doing great work. We couldn't be more proud of the results we turned in Q2. And as we look ahead to Q3 and the balance of 2022, we continue to believe GPC is really well positioned with the financial strength to continue to support our growth plan. So listen, thanks again for your interest in GPC. Enjoy your summer, and we'll see you in October. Thanks.
Bert Nappier: I’ll take that one, its Bert. Hey Mike. Good morning. Thanks for the question. Look first, I’d just like to thank our teams for the tremendous work so far in the first half. And I’ll try to give you some color on the guidance from there. Certainly exceeded our expectations in the first half. The business continues to be very resilient and balanced, but a number of factors were contemplated into how we raised guidance, obviously the sales numbers that I provided in my prepared comments, the outperformance in the first half, and the momentum we see in the underlying business that Paul and Will have talked about. We needed to balance that against the fact that we just can’t ignore that there’s tightening economic conditions that potentially could impact businesses in the second half. So, we’re trying to balance the strength of the first half and our momentum exiting Q2 while being eyes wide open and prudent about what we see out there.  And again, we've already talked about a few of these things with inflation lingering COVID conditions, the geopolitical landscape, ongoing supply chain constraints. So look, on the back half guide for sales our original plan for the year assume some normalization of growth rates in the second half. And our views are really unchanged on that. When you look at a year ago, the outperformance we had in the second half was quite significant and we just can't expect a year-for-year repeat of that level of outperformance. So we moderated that a little bit, look at a normalized growth rate in the second half.  As I mentioned in my prepared comments, we do have some FX headwinds that are incremental to our guide in April about $0.08 as we look at that. But look, we're going to stay focused, look for additional growth opportunities in the second half, stay disciplined on costs and look for efficiency gains. But at the end of the day, we're going to improve operating margin and have operating margin expansion for the full year. And we think that's a pretty good outcome.
Bert Nappier: Yeah, I'll take – I guess I'll take both of those. Look, I think, we're really in a positive spot on our capital structure. We're at 1.8 times levered that's below our range of two to 2.5 times. We have a very strong investment grade rating. And we look at our debt structure, it's nearly 100% fixed with some episodic borrowing against our revolver usually intra-month. But when you look at that, I don't see a lot of volatility there. We've got a weighted average interest rate of 2.3%. The only place we've seen a little bit of pressure is in our AR securitization program, in operating expenses. But it's still very, very attractive capital source for us and really not anything of consequence to call out there. In terms of gross margin, back to your question on that, look we landed at 35% for the quarter that was in line with our own expectations. The underlying execution from our teams, which has been absolutely tremendous in core activities around category management and pricing has driven significant margin improvement as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. Unfortunately, that's a bit hard to see this quarter. We got three big factors masking that some expected moderation in supplier rebates as you mentioned and I'll talk about that here shortly, foreign currency and inflation.  When you look at the supplier rebates those moderated from a year ago we had some heightened supply chain challenges in the prior year that you're all intimately aware of, and those impacted the amounts we received from our suppliers. And so that's abated a bit, if you recall, we had a 40 basis point margin expansion from those a year ago and so that's as anticipated moderated. The great part about that, the flip side of that is we have more inventory to get to our customers, and we've got a better level of availability to be able to drive through to the business. I'll just land that point with, we expect gross margin for the full year to be consistent with 2021. And again, we think that's a great outcome in this very dynamic environment.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Liz, it’s Bert how you doing? I hope you having a good summer. Thanks for the question. Look, I'll take that one a bit. Look, the inflationary environment has persisted and it's no doubt, a tough dynamic out there for everyone retires, very intense focus from everyone and our teams are doing a great job of managing it and have been able to generally pass along as you pointed out price increases to mitigate the impact. Our strategy there has been to protect gross margin rate, so that's our focus.  If you look at the downside of that, we wouldn't expect to see the environment pull back on pricing. Obviously that would take some time to work through, but we wouldn't see an immediate pullback in the environment. We'll stay competitive on that front and watch the marketplace. But again, I think the bottom line is, we wouldn't see a big pull back in terms of pricing or the pricing environment in general and obviously cost changes take quite some time to work through the supply chain.
Bert Nappier: I think I’ll start with the back half of your question and just say for the back half of the year, we really, as Will mentioned in his remarks expect inflation levels to stay where they are from here for the rest of the year. That’s how we contemplated it in our guide. That’s a slight uptick from what we saw on the first quarter. And then if you look at it all up for GPC consolidated, we see the impact kind of mid-single digits on the top line within the motion industrial business. That’s low-single digits on the top line. And then for the auto business globally, we see that in the high single digits on the top line for the rest of the year.
Bert Nappier: Hey Scot. Thanks for the question. It’s Bert. I’m on a roll here. I’ll keep taking these, yes, I think, the best way to characterize it is how you’ve couched it there. We’d see the environment to flattish in terms of how the U.S. auto business is performing.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Bret, it's Bert. I'll take that one and look we're not just – we're not seeing much evidence of consumers trading down, customers trading down at all. I think the customer's been pretty resilient despite the rising fuel prices and other inflationary pressures. When you look at the auto business, it's non-discretionary to a large degree; you need your car fixed in this environment, particularly with a shortage of new cars and higher use of car prices as well. So customers are focusing on availability and service, which is our sweet spot and we've got product readily available. Same on the industrial side we're not seeing a pull back there. The momentum continues as you saw in our Q2 results. And so we just really continue to focus on as Will talked about supply chain, inventory management and having the right product in the right place.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Seth its Bert. I'll take that, maybe will have a little will can have a little perspective to add to it as well. But look, I think our guidance assumes that we continue to perform, as Paul said as well in the U.S. auto business. It's a dynamic environment out there. You see gas prices dropping and over the last several weeks. So that's a positive in terms of miles driven. We continue to look at that very closely; miles driven were up a little over 1% in May. Most recent data we've seen. And so I think the underlying fundamentals remain very robust for that market. You got the average age of a car up for the fifth consecutive year. You've got all time, low scrap rates. You have pent-up demand for travel. I think, across the U.S. in terms of people wanting to get out and take vacations. And so I think the underlying fundamental for the marketplace is there to continue to perform well. And our guide reflects that.
Bert Nappier: Seth, I would just, I would also add, I think this is a market where scale really matters. I think we've talked about that before. And so as product comes into the market, I think your scale and your global relationships make a difference. So we feel like that, that's a nice tailwind for us as we move forward.
