Will Stengel: Yes, Scot, it's Will. Good morning. Thanks for the question. So the way to think about it, when we give you our reported numbers, both reported total and comp, that's the total U.S. Automotive kind of sales environment. So our sales into our owners and then our company-owned and independent-owned sales out. And so those numbers reflect that concept. When we start digging into the deeper level of detail around customer segment, that is just sales out, both independent and company owned. So that would be the distinction between the two data points.
Will Stengel: Chris, I'll start just kind of commercially. The Motion team is doing excellent work. And so I think as we think about the recovery of the sales growth, it's going to come from market. We feel like we're outperforming the market with discrete initiatives. And so as you alluded to, as that recovery happens through the balance of the year, that would be a driver of improvement. The other thing I would just tell you, in the first quarter, we did call out the commentary around weather that impacted the business. We estimate around 80 basis points of impact to the top line associated with customers that had facilities closed in Q1. We don't want to make too big a deal of that. The other thing I would call out is the Easter holiday. We had the last day -- business day of the quarter on Good Friday, and so we saw some customer order sluggishness associated with the holiday weekend. You put that -- those two together, the Easter Holiday is probably another 80 basis points. So you got about 160 basis points of negative impact to the top line. And then you marry that together with macro acceleration through the year and we feel good about the revised guide that we gave everybody. And Bert, I don't know if you got any additional color.
Will Stengel: Yes. So I'm assuming this is a U.S. Automotive question. The progression -- the progression through the quarter was sequentially improved starting January, February, March. So March was a very strong month for us. As we look at regional, we had a good quarter in the East, Mid Atlantic, West kind of outperformers. And relative to those three parts of the business, Midwest and Southern were a little bit soft. As you know, we've got five divisions. They're all about equally weighted. So nothing of note, but that's how the quarter played out.
Will Stengel: Hey, Carolina, thank you for the question. I would comment as well on the end-markets that you mentioned. Iron and steel performed very well. We also saw a good strength out of the automotive sector in the quarter. Chemicals was strong, mining was strong. So we saw a good balance across a number of end-markets, which really gives us good optimism, especially when you combine it with the positive PMI number that came across in March, it certainly gives us good optimism about our Motion business in the -- in the remaining quarters of the year. So all good on that front, and thank you again for the question.
Bert Nappier: Yes. So Scot, on the -- that's a question for Bert, and I'll take that one. The reported number includes the 130 basis point adjustment, but the comp number does not. And maybe I'll give you a little color on the rebate itself. And look, we hate that there's anything to mention about the whole thing, but it's a new program and it's really good for the business. As a reminder, historically, these programs were managed by our suppliers, and that was handled all outside of our P&L, and it was directly between supplier and customer. The new arrangement, those are managed by the team, and that's a good thing for the business. The new arrangement, though has to be accounted for us. It's a reduction of revenue with a corresponding reduction of cost of goods sold and no impact to gross profit. It's a better structure for us when we think about our customers. And I think it sees tangible results in some of the things that will talk about in improvements in the business, particularly with fill rates with our new suppliers. For the first quarter, as I think we noted in our earnings presentation, our total reported sales growth was negatively impacted by 130 basis points at U.S. Automotive. When we think about comp sales, it's excluded. And our approach to comp sales excludes revenue adjustments. And this new incentive is a revenue adjustment. That's the accounting for it. And therefore, we've reflected it as such and made it consistent with like items from prior years. I think the final point I'd make is the new program wasn't in the prior year, and thus we think this is a more comparable way to present it in our view. And really, if you were going to make any adjustment, it would be to the reported number that's flat. That would actually probably have been positive without the drag of the 130 basis points.
Bert Nappier: Yes, look, I'll just say, Chris, when we think about the guidance for the year, we raised the outlook to $9.80 to $9.95. We really raised and tightened around a solid start to the year, the progress we've seen at U.S. Automotive, little bit better than expectation first quarter results and our restructuring activities being in line with our expectations. So we're making great progress, but we've got more work to do. As you noted, our guide assumes that U.S. Automotive and Motion accelerate through the year sequentially improve. First half is still going to be a bit moderated for all the reasons we'll just outline. And the second-half, we think gets better just on the general expectation of an improvement in industrial production and easing interest rates. I don't want you guys to think we're being overly precise about the correlation of interest rates and industrial activity in the outlook. It's not terribly specific. It's more like many companies, just a general view around our forecast that easing rates will be more supportive, more robust activity on the industrial side. And we're seeing a little sign of that with March data and no cuts right now. So we're bullish on the second half and believe that the environment will get better as we move through the year.
Bert Nappier: Yes. Look, on the vendor rebate program, we see that as pretty constant. It's not something that's going to accelerate through the course of the year. So I think that one is pretty straightforward. Look, on the restructuring program, when we think about that, it's a nice opportunity for us when you take it net-net, it's got a two-year payback. We had some variability in some of our assumptions as we started the year with the voluntary retirement program here in the U.S. But the good news is we're well underway on the restructuring activities. Just to frame it again, the overall program is going to cost us about 50% of the cost being on the people side, another 30% or so on facility actions. We'll get about 70% of the benefit we've outlined from people and about 15% from facilities, and then the rest is some other categories that probably not worth going into too much detail. In the first quarter, about 65% of the cost we incurred of the $83 million came from people, with the remaining being on facility optimization around the globe. As we look at the first quarter, the voluntary retirement program is complete. Most of the retirees left on March 31, and we wish them all the best in their new chapter in their life, largely came in line with our expectations. And we'll see those benefits start to accrue in Q2 as we move through the rest of the year. In terms of sizing, Chris, we gave ourselves a range. We're not done yet. We have a lot of work left to do through the rest of the year. So we've given you a range of $100 million to $200 million to give us some variability in where that may land. The big piece of that so far has been the voluntary retirement program, which, as I said, is finished. On the benefits side, we're estimating where we're going to be based on the take rate on the VRO and then some of the additional activities that are yet to come as we move through the rest of the year. Some of those are tied to very specific go-live dates with actions around facilities and DCs and those things. And as you know, we have an estimate of those things. They can be pulled forward and they can move back. So until we get a little bit more color, given we're just into the first quarter of the year, the fact that we're off to a good start is encouraging to us, but we'd like to give ourselves a little bit of room to work within the range until we get a little bit deeper in the year. So we'll keep you -- we'll keep you guys updated on that and we'll tighten it up when we can.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Greg, it's Bert. So the inflation impact for the quarter was less than 1% for all GPC. Both segments were pretty much in line with each other. Very, very slightly positive. So when I say less than 1%, it was pretty de minimis. And our outlook for the rest of the year is for it to stay at that less than 1% level.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Aaron, it's Bert. Look, I mean, I think when we think about the period from a year-ago with wages and some of the competition around labor, the environment certainly has abated and gotten much softer year-over-year. We're seeing in terms of how we think about labor more in-line with historical averages in terms of increases, some of the things we were having to do to invest a little bit more a year-ago have abated and we're not seeing those. So I would say year-over-year much more normalized environment and we've got that reflected in our outlook for the year. Some of that headwind of investment that we made last year, we saw impact the quarter, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks. And some of those things where we were investing in our team members with a little higher wage increase and healthcare increases that we didn't pass on last year, well, we're seeing that pass by. And so I would just say that when we look at labor moving forward, a less intense and competitive landscape, easier ability to recruit and gain talent in a more normalized environment for wage increases.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Seth, can you repeat the question? You cut out on us with your -- the first part of your comment.
Paul Donahue: We haven't made any meaningful changes to sales incentives for our sellers. We're obviously doing category management work each and every day. That's a cousin of strategic marketing. So thinking about promotion activity. And there's nothing new or different there in the first quarter unlike any other previous year. So we wouldn't expect a pull-forward.
Paul Donahue: Yes, happy to, Aaron. The -- look, the launch of the NAPA brand which occurred about four years ago, we started in the U.K., we anticipated it would be well received in the UK markets. It exceeded our expectations and actually accelerated our strategy to expand the brand across Europe. And I would tell you, Aaron, we have and continue to be very bullish on the reception the NAPA brand has received across Europe. We rolled -- we're in the process of rolling out in Spain now as we -- as we speak. And we expect that this year we'll cross the $500 million mark in outbound sales of the NAPA brand and we've done that in five years. So it's gone amazingly well.
Paul Donahue: Yes, Carolina, thanks for the question. Happy to talk about that. The -- from the end-markets perspective, given some of the noise that I described with the weather and the March Good Friday, I'm not sure I would over-index or extrapolate some of the comments that I'll share with you. If you remember last call, we shared a little bit more detail about our 14 end-markets that we track and we saw kind of sequential improvement versus the prior quarter in two of those. We saw a little bit of step back in the sequential improvement. So we actually had three or four go the other way this quarter. Again, I wouldn't read too much into that. The short strokes are it's a mixed story out there. I commented a little bit about some of the areas of strength and weakness in terms of the types of categories. But through the quarter, we saw basically a mixed quarter, largely again driven by some of that weather. The January month was a little bit unusual and then March was a little bit unusual based on the Good Friday.
