Will Stengel: Yeah, look, we've seen continuous sequential improvement on that topic. As I mentioned in my prepared remarks, all the initiatives that we're working on here in US automotive are affecting both company-owned and independent-owned stores. And so when we think about inventory strategies, service excellence, those initiatives are all relevant for what we're doing with the independent owners. And we've seen nice sequential improvement through the year. We would expect that to continue through the balance of the year. The math of how that works, I won't get into the specifics, but the tone is good, the relationships are good, the partnership’s good. We had a bunch of independent owners into Atlanta just last week, and everyone's got their hand in the huddle and committed to continuing to grow the business and compete in the local markets.
Will Stengel: It's more widespread than it was probably 90 to 100 days ago. Just to be clear, we're really pleased with the European performance. I mean the business continues to grow and grow profitably. The M&A pipeline is having its effect with very accretive acquisitions. In particular, our Spanish and Portuguese businesses after their acquisition last year continue to perform really well. They're a standout. NAPA brand is a differentiator as part of that to help us compete in the market. But we've seen some softness earlier in the year in the UK and France, I would say. It's moderated growth through the balance of the business, call it Germany, Benelux, et cetera. But the business is still performing in excess of market and we think we're winning share. So, tougher times, but proud of what the team's executing over there.
Will Stengel: Yeah, Scot, thanks for the question. I think our pricing strategies are more holistic than just raising prices. And so as we've talked about before, we talked about it through the prism of category management which is the intersection between not just pricing but also sourcing and in some -- at the SKU level, and some SKUs are going up and many others you're going down as well and the challenge that we put to the category managers across the business has net-net positioned us in a better margin profile as we move forward both on the sourcing and pricing side. So we're being very thoughtful about being competitive in the market on certain categories and we're balancing that with a lot of very scientific and thoughtful technology work that we've done around data analytics to make sure that we've got visibility down at the local field level to compete and win.
Will Stengel: Yeah, Kate, thanks for your question. On the customer segment side for commercial, we actually have seen relative strength, as we said in our prepared remarks, in the auto care fleet and other wholesale for us. Our headwind continues to be our major account business. And if you look at and decomp major account, there's different pieces inside of that book of business, ranging from regional accounts to the big national guys, OE dealerships, et cetera. And so there are some customer specific challenges in that book of business, but I'll tell you, there's just as many recent wins, certainly on the regional accounts that we were talking about the other day as a team that we're really excited about that should position as well as we come through the second half of this year and into next year. So we're being really thoughtful in that major account book of business to make sure that it's a win-win economic relationship for NAPA and the customer. And so we're going to be pretty disciplined as we think about that going forward. From a category standpoint, we have seen some positive trends based on recent weather in all the categories that you would expect. And as I said in my prepared remarks, the inventory progress that we've made through the first half of the year has been quite fruitful and so those targeted categories we've seen nice momentum as we go through. So the category managers are really doing a very nice job and our sales folks out in the field on the commercial side are also being very thoughtful as well. We're proud of the teams.
Will Stengel: Hey, Christian, I might just add a couple other thoughts. Obviously, the year-over-year compares ease in the second half of this year. And so as we do the two-year stack and kind of year-over-year compares, that's something that we've spent a lot of time thinking about. The other thing I would tell you just commercially, we've had a lot of discussion with the Motion business and all the leaders about stepping up the sales intensity of the business And as I suggested in my prepared remarks, the discussions we're having with our customers are very positive in the sense that they understand our value proposition. They're great strategic partners. They want to do more business with us. And as a result, you're seeing a lot of renewals of corporate accounts as well as some sales initiatives that is incremental to existing business. So, again, we're working on the right stuff in the Motion business. It's a choppy market. But once we get that sales growth and the customers start spending, we're going to be in a great position.
Will Stengel: Yeah. I mean, look, I think April, as we've talked about, was super tough. I don't think that was new news for anybody. And so it's all relative. We were kind of working off a low base, and we saw sequential improvement. The initiatives are making a difference. The MPEC acquisition helped build some momentum through the quarter, and the weather did help. So that all being said, it's hard to extrapolate the trend out of the second quarter. I think that's some of the challenge with how we're thinking about the guide. July was a little bit choppy based on what we articulated. So pleased with the sequential improvement through the second quarter, but trying to make sense of the world and the macro environment that we find ourselves as we come into the second half.
Will Stengel: Yeah, Greg, I would just come over the top on that and emphasize the point that we feel good about the work that we're doing. And the tone of our meetings is positive. Everyone appreciates that it's a tough market, but the specific initiatives at NAPA or Motion or any one of our businesses is the right body of work. And at some point, hopefully soon, as the market recovers, we'll have a couple of nice tailwinds behind us.
Will Stengel: We don't see it empirically in the data, but qualitatively, we have seen that. The other challenge that we put to the merchant is making sure that the good, better, best assortment logic kind of plays in every market condition and for every customer. And so we've seen some shifting around good, better, best. That's probably the closest data that we can look at to see the psyche of the consumer. And then you also anecdotally, you do hear that the consumer is if they needed to, maybe they only do one kind of phenomenon, with most of our big kind of major accounts. Those discussions are pretty consistent across the landscape. So we're seeing it, but I think we're well positioned in the market environment with how we're positioning our brands.
Will Stengel: We feel good about what we're doing. Quarter-to-quarter, we're the first one out of the gate. Hard to kind of fixate on all things share. The feedback that we get qualitatively from the supplier community, honestly, as has never been better. And I think that's just a reflection of another data point to support that the work that we're doing is all the right stuff. We've just got to keep our head down and keep sequentially improving.
Will Stengel: Hey, Seth, maybe just a couple of other points. I mean I think we said in the script, it's not linear. So we started with the largest independent owner and transacted there. But obviously, we have a lot of smaller owners and so building nice momentum, but it's not linear. Just to make a finer point, we're 70-30-ish today. Three years ago, that was more like 20-80. So to help calibrate the last two to three years, we've made really nice progress. We continue to do that. That being said, the independent owner will always have a role in the NAPA operating model, and we value those relationships and look forward to working with those as we continue to align to win in the local markets.
Will Stengel: I wouldn't say we're giving up business, I would say we're having active discussions with customers to make sure that we've got a path to have it be a win-win. And as we think about incremental new business, we're bringing another level of perspective to that and defining what's helpful to the business. All of that obviously there's trade-offs to all things kind of pursuing new sales. And so each customer is a specific discussion and its own situation. We're just, I think, focusing a little bit more intently on making sure that we're doing right by the business and our customers.
Will Stengel: Yeah, we had relative strength, call it, in the middle part of the country. For the quarter, the West Coast, East Coast was a little bit challenged relative to the balance of the country, but nothing material that I would suggest is a trend or a commercial challenge.
Bert Nappier: And, Scot, this is Bert. I’ll just amplify that a little bit with -- in the quarter the gross margin improvement was skewed to the majority side from acquisitions. So we're seeing a nice benefit from the new acquisitions in US automotive. And just to parse out how we think about this split between sourcing and pricing, where you would have seen a bigger benefit in 2023 from pricing, we're actually drawing most of our benefit this year on the back of the work that Will just described in category management and sourcing. So again, pricing is a complex topic. It's a lot of moving things up and down to be competitive. So I wouldn't just categorize it as we're moving prices up. It's a lot of moving pieces here, but we're also getting this nice benefit from acquisitions as well.
Bert Nappier: Yes, so that's one of the benefits of this pivoting strategy. So we see the mix shifting to more company-owned, continue to lean in on the independent owner model as we have in the past. So we'll have this hybrid model going forward, but as we look at isolation of adding more company owned stores, the benefits come across a few prisms. First, commercially, we'll stop sharing the margin. So we see a difference there in terms of recapturing some of the margin that we were sharing previously and you're seeing some of that come through in what we've seen in the second quarter here. Secondarily, when you just start at the very top of the house and you think about the commercial transaction itself, we'll have more control over the transaction from the outset. So that means the price in the market will have the ability to adjust and flex the depth and breadth of inventory in the market to be competitive. Some of those things were tension points between the independent owner and us before. And then as you move through the rest of the P&L, we obviously get benefits from SG&A. We're able to simplify and streamline the back office. In many cases, the independent owner had their own back office, which we can leverage our own, we'll be able to capture some of the benefits from technology and continuing to drive technology into the stores and create some incremental leverage on some of the supply chain elements as well. Many of these independent owners had their own small stocking and many kind of offsite locations that we obviously wouldn't need. So as you move through the different elements of the P&L, I think we have a lot of goodness there. We bought a great business here in the second quarter with the MPEC business, and we're already seeing benefits of that coming through our P&L. So we're excited about this pivot. The team is doing an outstanding job in terms of integration and execution and bringing these folks on board.
Bert Nappier: Yeah, Christian, it's Bert. I'll take that one. And maybe as we think about guide, it's just important to refresh on how we thought about the year when the year started and then where things have moved. When we started the year, we expected a moderated first half, stronger second half and a lot of our second half view was based on better industrial production and that being stimulated by interest rates. That model wasn't overly precise, so we didn't have a specific rate cut time to industrial growth or timing of industrial growth, and I think it was more philosophical like many companies about easing interest rates would be supportive of industrial production. As Q2 developed, which included some softer market conditions across industrial, we really have updated our outlook on that side of the house based on that updated view. And we think that with some third-party data, the industrial production activity will continue to lag, it'll still be a headwind for the business as we move here into the third quarter and getting into the fourth quarter as well. We really expected at this point based on our original view to enter the second half of the year with some better kind of low single-digit mid-single-digit growth in Motion and in our industrial side of the house and that's obviously not happening. So we've pushed that out a bit. We -- operating this period of PMI that's been down for quite some time and so now as we look we think that comes much later in the year in terms of improvement. Again, a function of interest rate cuts and we all can take our own predictions on those. Q3, I think we would have parked in our old guidance at somewhere at mid-single-digit, exiting the year at high single-digit. I think we'll see the rest of this year play out in the low single-digit range at best, as we indicated at the top end of our sales guidance and look for improvement as we move through the back half of the year and into 2025.
Bert Nappier: And, Christian, just on the specific point about capital projects, I mean, the feedback from the customer is, look, there's a lot of uncertainty out there, high interest rates. Capital projects at this point are must-do activities. So we're really seeing some tempering there on that spend. And again, to Will's point, we're having great wins and renewals with customers. And as this interest rate environment, I think, eases, we'll start to see things move.
Bert Nappier: Well, Greg, I reserve the right to vote on July since it's not over yet. But look, April was a tough month for sure. Will has already articulated that. And as I said in my prepared comments, I think July has started out with a lot of mixed views. So we've got some disruption from Hurricane Beryl that impacted both of our US businesses on the automotive and Motion side. We've had some additional industrial production shutdown around the 4th of July holiday. I think manufacturers are taking advantage of any slowdown in a holiday to cut a little bit of their own costs and pull back on some costs there. And then obviously, we had a CrowdStrike outage that began late last week, and that's impacted many, many businesses. We were down for a brief part of the day, and Naveen and the teams around the world did an outstanding job of bringing us back up very quickly. So while we've taken care of our own house, part of the impact of that will continue to be how our customers and down the chain feel that impact across their businesses. So, look, I wouldn't compare April and July just yet. As I said, July is not over, but April certainly was a tough month. And I think the thing that is a challenge for us is just all these different pieces of noise create some lack of clarity into the true trend. Back to Christian's question a minute ago, how do you parse some of this out? And I think these are the things that we're looking at, but I feel good about where we are and all the work we're doing.
Bert Nappier: Hi, Henry, thanks for the question. I'll talk a little bit about how we see the rest of the year. We've talked about some things already with Greg's question around the start to July. So we do have some things that we're managing through here in the month. I won't give quarterly guidance, but as we frame the rest of the year, Will talked about easing top line comps. But when we look at the third quarter specifically, to your point, we will continue to see deleverage in the business for many of those factors and the combination of a lower sales outlook for the rest of the year. Given that, I would tell you that we expect Q3 earnings to be down year-over-year, mostly because we see a lot of this persisting, particularly coming out of the second quarter and particularly with the softness on the industrial side of the house. With that, we would see Q4 being a little stronger on a relative basis. But as you know, there's plenty of things to think about in the fourth quarter with holidays and the weather. So I would just say, look, we've got an elevated degree of uncertainty in how we're forecasting from earlier in the year, particularly on the trends in industrial. But we're giving you all the information we have right now, everything we think, including all the other variables that are out there, with interest rates and elections and all of that are reflected in our guide.
Bert Nappier: I think so, Henry. I mean I think that's a fair proxy. I mean, obviously, it will flux in any given year, a little higher maybe in a year where we do something like KDG. But I think if you're using that for a modeling point, I think it's a fair enough proxy, particularly when you look back over the history of GPC over many years. So let's just leave it there and you guys keep using that number as a reasonable proxy.
Bert Nappier: Yeah. Look, Seth, I would tell you that we don't have a stated goal at this point. We're just in the early innings of this pivot. We've made some nice progress here in the second quarter. That move up to 30% came on the back of the acquisition of our largest independent owner. And we're going to continue to be opportunistic as we look at these. We obviously are trying to focus on target markets. I would tell you those lean a little bit more towards urban areas. The independent owner will continue to be an important part of our ecosystem. We have tremendously strong independent owners. They provide us strength in key markets, particularly in rural markets. They have deep relationships. We have great scale and good capabilities with all of them. And so we'll continue to have that hybrid. As we think about the March forward, I think we'll be more acquisitive as we move through the course of this year. But that will be based on the timing of these individual discussions. It's a willing buyer and a willing seller. And we've had some good luck here, bought a great business with MPEC, but it's not a one-size-fits-all, and we'll continue to let that go and come to us as it does.
Bert Nappier: Yeah. We said that number was right around 30 basis points. So of the 50 basis points improvement in gross margin, all acquisitions contributed about 30 basis points.
Bert Nappier: I didn't parse out the improvement for the rest of the year. We lifted the guidance for gross margin, primarily on the back of some of that goodness. So I'll let you guys kind of parse that out, how you want, but we're not being quite that specific in terms of how we thought about it. We know there'll be more benefit coming out of gross margin because of acquisitions, but also because of the great work we're doing across the business.
Bert Nappier: No, Carolina, I think as we modernize DCs, it's actually probably one in which we optimize inventory, not have to stock and add more. I'll just give you an example of some of the big projects where when we look at an Australian DC consolidation of other satellite facilities around it into one, same thing happening with two different projects in Europe. And so actually, what we're seeing is it gives us a chance to be a little bit smarter and probably not have to be quite as broad in different locations and concentrated into one and maybe even get a little bit deeper in terms of what we're doing. They obviously have been designed and put in locations where they shorten stem times and lead times to get to the distribution network on the ground. That's helpful as well. So I don't think modernization of supply chain is a net negative for the inventory side of the balance sheet. I think it's actually a long-term net positive particularly when you combine it with some of the other things we're doing with service. And then if you look at the Motion side of the house, what they're doing with the fulfillment centers we've talked about in the past as well.
