Tom Gallagher: Well, what we have said in our prior call was that on an annualized basis this will yield about $100 million in annual revenue. The revenue is starting to shift currently. We have said prior that it would start to kick in on July 1 and it is in fact starting to flow through currently. And then there was a question in the prior call as to whether or not this would impact our gross margins and we said that it would have some impact on the gross but we will get some leverage off of the increased volume as well.
Tom Gallagher: If in fact the growth continues in the high-single digit levels, yes we would think that there might be some opportunity for margin expansion.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think it’s a combination. The first part of your comment I think is accurate. We have seen – we will see the impact in office products of the Impact Products acquisition as well as increased Office Depot business which will have a positive impact. In the case of automotive, we have seen some – we think pretty good performance from the automotive team. We think the external factors are generally positive and our expectation is that based upon where we ended the first half of the year that something in that 7% to 8% range is a reasonable expectation for us on the automotive side. I would just add one other thing, Chris. We were a little bit encouraged by a couple of things in office products. It may be too early to tell if it’s a trend. But I mentioned in my comments that we did see sequential improvement in all four of the major product categories. And then we also saw improved performance coming from our independent resellers which our team has been working on for quite some time and hopefully that’s the beginning of what maybe some sustainable positive growth coming from that important part of our business.
Tom Gallagher: I don’t think our attitude is anymore negative. If we get a hot stretch we get two weeks of unusually warm weather, yet in July or in August, we think that we will see some positive impact from that, but even absent that, I think that the performance that Paul had outlined both on the retail side and on the commercial side, Major Accounts, NAPA AutoCare, I think those results are really what give us a little more confidence in partly why we have raised our guidance.
Tom Gallagher: But I think those that have made the change have benefited from the comprehensiveness of the NAPA program. And I think they have been surprised by the strength of the NAPA program. And I think they are pretty outspoken in terms of what is done for them and their business. So, hopefully there will be a few more that will make their way to the NAPA system in the months ahead.
Tom Gallagher: Well, in the acquisition side of it, you never know what the timing is going to be. And you have always got to have a number of discussions going on at any given time. So, I think the best way I could answer that is to say that we have multiple discussions that are occurring, but we will have to wait and see how many of them actually develop and come to fruition, but we are pleased with where we find ourselves in terms of the discussions and we are certainly proud of the team for what they have been able to get done over the past year or so.
Tom Gallagher: No, I don’t think we would be intimidated by the size. It really is a function of how accretive it could be to the shareholders at Genuine Parts Company. And if we can find any business that we acquire needs to be accretive to GPC. We don’t knowingly do any acquisitions that are dilutive. So, the size is not the most critical factor. It’s what we think the performance will be post-acquisition.
Tom Gallagher: I think we still have some room we have ahead of us on the automotive. And you are right in your comment that this is much more prevalent than the automotive business than it is in the other businesses that we are in. But I think there is still some opportunity for us in the non-automotive businesses. So I think in the quarters ahead you will continue to see some nice improvement.
Tom Gallagher: Well, I think we will just leave that there is still room in the automotive side of the business and we feel good about our prospects honestly.
Tom Gallagher: We have examined it. And we think there were several opportunities there. I think that expanding the store count will help us as we go forward and that can either be organic growth or perhaps acquiring some smaller independent companies and then some product line extensions we think will help them in their growth strategy going forward. So, we are pretty optimistic about what can happen with that business.
Tom Gallagher: Well, that would be in existing geography. And then at the outset when we made the acquisition, we have said that our first priority would be to continue to build out and enhance market share in Australia, New Zealand and then medium term, we would be looking to use that company as a platform company to expand up into some Southeast Asian markets, which we still think could make some sense.
Tom Gallagher: But the mega growth was mid single-digit and the independent growth was just a tick down from that. And as I said, it’s the first positive quarter that we have seen on the independent side in six quarters. So, we were pleased to see it and it’s the closest comparable performance we have seen between the two over that same time period.
Tom Gallagher: I will take a first step at it and Paul may jump in. The way the program is structured is that we have headquarters to headquarters contact. And we talk about what our capabilities might be and what our value proposition might be to a major account. If there is an interest on their part to expanding the relationship, some of the terms and conditions are negotiated at the headquarters level. But then the actual implementation is done at the store level, market by market. And our proposition to the major accounts hasn’t changed for a number of years. Perhaps our consistency, dependability, our level of execution in the field may be partly what’s driving that at the rates that we are growing today.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Chris this is Paul, certainly a bit of a drag. What we had hoped for coming off that brutal winter we had in many parts of the country was to move right into the hot summer. And we have not seen that in most parts of the country and certainly June being as wet as it was, we did not see the kind of lift that we normally would have with some hotter temperatures across the country.
Paul Donahue: Well, Brian, this is Paul. We are the first ones out. So, we will hear our peer group here in the weeks ahead, but we are pleased with our quarter. It’s consistent with our first quarter and it’s consistent with the fourth quarter of last year. And we are very pleased with the cadence of the quarter, April was strong, May was strong, June as was referenced earlier was a bit softer, but the comps get tougher in the second half. And I think I referenced that in my comments. But we are pleased with where we find ourselves and with the initiatives that the guys are all working on it.
Paul Donahue: And Bert to the second part of your question there hasn’t been any fundamental change in promotional activity.
Paul Donahue: Well. We don’t breakout the Australian numbers, but we can tell you that they are performing in line with our expectations and they are performing in line with our overall automotive business.
Paul Donahue: So, Mike, we came out of Q1 as you know very strong and that continued right through both April and May. We saw some deceleration in June. And while it was still a good month, we were certainly up against some stronger comps. And I would say that early in July, just a couple of weeks in, we are seeing some of those same, I don’t want to say softness, but it’s not at the run rate at April and May.
Paul Donahue: Yes. I would just add to that that we have got great relationships with our key partners on the major accounts side. So you are talking about the likes of AAA, and Firestone, and Goodyear tire kingdom. Our competitors are chasing that business as well. We have got a very focused effort. We have got a great team that works very hard to grow our market share inside of those major accounts. And our team has done a very good job as I think is evident in our recent numbers.
Paul Donahue: No, I would just say that everyday the battle, right. Whether it’s major accounts or the business on the street, but we have not seen a major change in the levels of competition with our majors.
Carol Yancey: Well, Brian, we are not committing to anything. What we are doing is trying to keep some flexibility as we look at our balance sheet and our capital structure so and keeping that flexibility be it incremental share repurchases or an acquisition opportunity. So, we are just trying to balance. We haven’t totally committed on what we are going to do on the debt. We are just going to look to balance what our cash needs are and what makes the most sense for the shareholder.
Carol Yancey: I guess I will give a couple of comments and then Paul might comment as well. One of the things we are talking about is the product and customer mix across all of our businesses, but primarily not with automotive and office. So as Paul mentioned the key wholesale programs that we have and talking about some of those with the double-digit growth and those would be generally at a lower gross margin and then on the product mix we called out a couple of product categories that do come in at a little bit lower gross margin. But I would point out that we continue to have programs in gross margin, all of our businesses have key things going on, on the buy side and sales side to hopefully get those margins back up or at least flat. But the really nice thing is we have been able to do on the SG&A side so what you are getting is we saw that volume going through is we are able to leverage more on the expenses. So the teams and primarily auto have a done a terrific job on the SG&A line for us.
Carol Yancey: We don’t have a stated target, I guess what we look at is our working capital and we have – we make sure that we have plans in place for all the categories for improvement each year, so no specific target.
Carol Yancey: Yes, the depreciation and amortization that’s the combination of a function of the additional acquisitions and the amortization that flowed in. And then the incremental depreciation if we look what our increase in CapEx is going to be on the full year.
Carol Yancey: I would just comment as we mentioned – that both Tom and Paul mentioned as you look from Q4 to Q1 and Q2 where we saw the sequential improvement especially in the non-automotive businesses or as you look at their core business improving over the last quarter or two, Q2 being the stronger one. What we are getting is additional leverage off the SG&A there.
Carol Yancey: Well, we did. And I mentioned that earlier, automotive, again with that strong volume that’s pushing through, we are having some nice improvement on their SG&A as well.
Carol Yancey: What – I think what we are saying is we are getting a little bit further down we are saying around 30%. I mean, we certainly as I mentioned all four of our businesses have committees and a lot of initiatives going on, where they are looking at a lot of things, but I think some of the things that are headwinds to us will remain and some of that as I talked about within automotive and their key large customers, but we have got initiatives working in all our areas. And I think I guess that will be helpful just to maintain those margins or not have the deterioration that we have had, but certainly we are combining that with our SG&A improvement and the idea would be that we maintain this 20 basis point improvement in operating margin that we have right now.
Carol Yancey: We want to thank everybody for participating in today’s call. And we appreciate your interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to reporting back out at our third quarter release. Thank you.
