Paul Donahue: Thank you, Sid, and good morning. Welcome to our first quarter 2023 earnings conference call. We were pleased with the continued strength and momentum in our businesses and to report results that exceeded our expectations for the quarter. Before I share my comments on the first quarter, I want to share a few thoughts from our 2023 Investor Day, which we hosted just this past month. We use this event to convey our confidence in the bright future of Genuine Parts Company and update everyone on our strategy and the many opportunities we see for long-term profitable growth. During the course of the day, we highlighted our rich history, ongoing transformation and strategic priorities, which we showcased through several key initiatives in an interactive expo. Our panel discussion with our global business unit leaders, allowed us to share specific business and market opportunities and provide insights to the collaboration among our leaders and synergies across the businesses. Finally, we provided three-year financial targets, including a compelling outlook for double-digit EPS CAGR and a double-digit EBITDA and segment profit margin by 2025. It was a great day for the GPC leadership team and hopefully, an informative and productive day for all of our attendees and everyone in the financial community more broadly. If you missed it, we invite you to view the full presentation on our Investor Relations website. So now let's turn to the first quarter. We are proud of the outstanding work by our global GPC teammates, with sales and earnings coming in ahead of our expectations. Our first quarter performance was a clear example of how our strategic transformation to a global automotive and industrial company is a competitive advantage that distinguishes GPC in the marketplace. We benefited from our business mix and the geographic diversity of our operations with continued strong performances in our international automotive businesses and in the industrial segment. A few highlights in the quarter include; record quarterly sales of $5.8 billion, up 9% from the prior year, segment margin of 9.1%, up 50 basis points from 2022. Earnings per share of $2.14, up 15% from adjusted EPS last year, and our 11th consecutive quarter of double-digit adjusted earnings growth. And finally, we strengthened our balance sheet while generating solid cash flow to support our growth initiatives and capital allocation. The global GPC team is focused on driving accelerated sales and earnings growth, continued margin expansion and strong cash flow through dynamic economic conditions. Across our businesses, our teammates are aligned and executing on our strategic plan to deliver outstanding customer service and continued market share gains. In industrial, demand trends held strong throughout the first quarter with new and existing customer activity and reshoring trends each presenting growth opportunities. We believe our continued momentum in industrial is due to the diversity of our product and service offerings and end markets, which all performed well again this quarter. Our acquisition of KDG and enhanced capabilities in industrial solutions, including automation, fluid power and conveyance are proving to be competitive differentiators, and we remain bullish on this business in the near-term. Our global automotive business continues to benefit from the geographic diversity of our markets, which helped to offset the headwinds of a warmer winter and volatile weather conditions in our US automotive business in Q1. In addition, the automotive aftermarket is benefiting from trends such as the ongoing increase in miles driven and aging and complex vehicle fleet and rising interest rates and continued high prices for new and used vehicles. These are all key drivers to ongoing growth in demand, especially for the DIFM segment, which represents 80% of our global automotive sales. So after delivering back-to-back record years, we are pleased with the solid start to 2023 and we continue to expect another strong year of profitable growth. Looking ahead, we are confident that GPC is well-positioned with the right strategic plans, strong fundamentals, and rock-solid balance sheet to pursue accretive organic and acquisitive investment opportunities while also returning capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases. So again, we thank each of our GPC teammates for taking great care of our customers around the world. So now I'll turn the call over to Will.
Paul Donahue: Hey, Greg, this is Paul. I would just cap off both those comments. When you think about the two businesses, Auto and Industrial, and we've talked about this a good bit in the past. We talked about it during Investor Day. If you go back a few years, we laid out our multi-year diversification strategy. And I would tell you, this is a classic quarter where that strategy is really paying dividends. And it's -- and hats off to our teams, our Industrial team, our international teams all really delivered in Q1. We could not be more proud of them.
Paul Donahue: Seth, I've been at this a number of years. It was a crazy, crazy quarter. When I look back at our call in January, we were sitting here in Atlanta, and it was 80 degrees, yet many parts of the country were shut down with incredible snowfall. At this point in time, all we're going to do is we're going to focus on what we can control. And our businesses are all performing at a really high level. We expect that to continue regardless of what Mother Nature has in store for us in the balance of the year.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Chad. We appreciate it. And listen, we appreciate all the questions and all of you joining us this morning. As I hope you've heard, we're incredibly pleased with the strong start to the year and we could not be more proud of the great work being done by all of our GPC teammates around the world. We're -- we continue to be excited with the momentum this business is generating. So, I hope you feel that and heard that today in our in our comments. So, listen, all of you have a great day wherever you are and thanks for your interest in GPC.
Will Stengel: Yes. Kate, it's a good question. I would say we don't have an outsized exposure to any one region. The breakdown of the US automotive revenue is probably directionally correct, equally split across the regions.
Will Stengel: Yes. Happy to, Bert. Kate, I would say, obviously, the teams around the world have been incredibly focused on costs. So, I wouldn't say, there's any necessarily new actions or levers being pulled. I think we're just stepping up the urgency and the focus at US Automotive. They're predominantly around as you would suspect, all things people, in particular around more rigor on over time in stores and DCs, just being super thoughtful to make sure that we're balancing cost with taking care of our customers, T&E expense. We've also pulled together some accelerated plans around merchandising and freight cost strategies, which will take a little bit of time to materialize here through the second half of the year. But we're going to balance near-term cost actions with, as we've talked about, long-term investments, and make sure that we're doing the right thing for the business over the medium and long term.
Will Stengel: Yes, Brett. So total GPC price, mid-single digits. Global automotive, slightly higher than that. I would put US Automotive in that category. Industrial, slightly under the mid-single digit, low single digit. So probably mid-single digit plus is probably a good estimate for US Auto.
Will Stengel: Yes. It's a good question, Bert. I would say, generally speaking, in US Automotive, the -- we haven't seen any material change in the pricing dynamics as we've talked about many quarters before. It is a dynamic environment. That's why we're so focused on our strategic pricing initiatives and all the investments we're making there. Like every industry, people are picking and choosing and executing strategies in the market, just like we are. But it is kind of a rational but dynamic market. So, we're really not seeing anything materially different than what we've seen in the last few quarters. We're going to focus on what we think is right from a strategic pricing perspective. As you heard at Investor Day, we've put a lot of investment into tools and talent and new rigor around collecting intelligence to make sure that we're in the right place for our customers. You also heard a lot about the NAPA brand and the role that, that plays in particular, in Europe in our assortment strategy and all the great work that our merchants and sourcing teams are doing around the world. So, we're being very thoughtful in this pricing environment, but I wouldn't say there's a material change despite some of the developments that you noted in your question.
Will Stengel: I wouldn't isolate it to down in Asia-Pac. In fact, we just had our global sourcing teammates here in Atlanta from all around the world to continue to build on this exciting momentum where all geographies on both sides of the business will be better aligned and more press on where we have our opportunities. So, I wouldn't say that Asia-Pac is benefiting now more on sourcing. Having said that, they are benefiting from being together as a team, and that's a big part of how they're thinking about their business as they move forward. And so whether you're talking about the organization design, back-office cost, et cetera. I think there's a lot of opportunities for them to continue to work better as one organization.
Will Stengel: I think we have an opportunity to work together to leverage our scale, the definition of what you mean by merged business units, probably not. But working together as a team, you heard at Investor Day, the importance of One GPC. That's the perfect philosophy around how do we work together to make sure that we're capturing all the opportunities as a global organization.
Will Stengel: Yes, Liz, it's a great question, and the answer is yes. We're going to do deals that create value that align with our strategy, regardless of how they're performing. And I would say our capabilities in this part of the business positions us pretty well as the environment gets tougher. We're going to be really disciplined on whether they're a good business or a challenged business. But if we can create value and it makes sense for our strategy, I think the power of our balance sheet and our liquidity position is that's exactly the type of environment that we want to operate in, so we can leverage our scale.
Will Stengel: Hey, Seth, it's Will. Listen, I don't -- I'm not in the -- I don't think any of us are in the business of forecasting the weather as we move forward. So, no, we haven't modeled in any of our forward commentary or outlook impact from weather.
Will Stengel: Yes, I don't think we can make a distinction between DIY and DIFM from a weather perspective. I mean, 80% of our business is do-it-for-me. So -- but there's no distinction between the two.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Kate, this is Bert. I'll talk a little bit about -- maybe I'll start with the outlook as a starting point, just to give you some context for the full year. I'll talk a little bit about Q2, and then I'll flip it to Will and will give you a little bit more color on the cost actions in US auto specifically. When we think about the full year, we did raise the outlook $0.15. That's a 1.5% increase on the top end of our range, really on the back of a better-than-expected first quarter and our expectations, as we've commented for US Auto to recover against some of these Q1 headwinds and a stronger view on Motion performance over the coming two quarters. When we think about that, I do want to remind everyone that we do expect growth to moderate in 2023. We had exceptional growth in 2021 and 2022. But we're still looking at very solid earnings growth at 7% to 9% year-over-year with the new range. The business continues to perform well. We're going to continue to capitalize on size and scale, and bullish against our execution of our own strategic initiatives. And I think we're off to a great start as we march towards our 2025 targets that we shared on Investor Day. We're obviously being very balanced and being prudent against the external factors that are out there. Inflation levels, foreign currency and the geopolitical landscape, just to name a few. When I think about Q2, just to give you some color there about how we're thinking about the upcoming quarter, we started off in a good place. Global Automotive is in line with April, 7% on the top line. And within that, as Will stated in his prepared remarks, US auto has started off with good momentum in the month of April, accelerating from March. We see continued strength in international auto and the global industrial business momentum is carried into Q2. But, again, we do expect that to normalize against the Q1 rate. Those cost pressures in US Auto, I think, will persist into the early part of Q2 for the balance of the quarter probably, and Will will talk about those just in a moment on what we're doing to get us back to the expected level of performance that we're looking for in the second half. One thing I'd remind you, too, on Q2 is, just as you think about your models, recall that Q2 of 2022 represented our strongest earnings growth last year. And as a result, when we think about our guidance for the full year, the second quarter of 2023 will be -- our expectation will be that it will be our lowest earnings growth rate for this year. So Will, maybe you want to just take that from there and fill in a little bit more specific on the cost actions at US Auto.
Bert Nappier: And Bret, this is Bert Nappier. I'll just add a little bit to that. And you see that effectiveness with our margin -- gross margin expansion here in Q1 up 30 basis points. And within that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, 60 basis points of improvement from these activities that Will just outlined. So, the core is really performing well. We had some headwinds from mix and FX, but we're really pleased with how all of that work is flowing through and delivering in terms of gross margin improvement.
Bert Nappier: Hey Josh, it's Bert. I'll take that one, and I'll start kind of at the GPC level. When we think about -- we had margin expansion for gross margin, really, where we're focused on some of that drag is in SG&A. SG&A was up 10 basis points year-over-year. That's really a mix of three factors: inflation, planned investments in the business and then offset by really strong leverage across the business outside of US Auto. For the quarter, when we think about how to really think about the elements, I would say we had SG&A pressure about 50 basis points from those planned investments that we shared at the beginning of the year and again at Investor Day, in IT and talent. Now, some of the talent cost is certainly going to be inflation driven, but we're making very thoughtful investment in talent and IT, which we see as critical for the future. When you look at US Auto, the quarter was impacted by higher personnel costs there and freight delivery costs. So that's the outbound freight from a DC to a store. The wage side was really again the impact of planned investments we made to ensure we're staying competitive. I think everybody is facing that across all businesses and talent is a key part of our long-term success. On the freight side, we're seeing the impact of higher rates from our carriers as they're looking to do the same thing, they're looking to cover higher wages due to driver shortages. So those two things on the automotive side were part of the equation. The other thing I would just say is that, I turn back to this weather consideration. We really didn't anticipate that, as you would expect. None of us are forecasters here in terms of weather. But -- we didn't anticipate some of those weather impacts, particularly coming off the very strong December we had in US Auto. So our staffing models were set to align to a sales run rate where we exited 2022. And that was probably a little bit higher than we needed to support Q1 softer sales level. So all of that together compressed margin in US Auto and was a bit of a headwind for us. As we look ahead, the cost of business is doing a little of doing business is a little higher and inflationary conditions are certainly contributing to that. We're reducing where we can. And again, investments we're making in the business that we shared at Investor Day are a big part of driving efficiency. So while two is kind of take that back to the top level again, and maybe talk about these wage investments in IT and why we think they're so important to us. On the IT side, we're making investments to improve our capabilities and modernize our platforms and Nadeem share that extensively last month. We think those are the right things to do. But in certain cases, the pivot in that space is to cloud-based technology. And as many of you know, that changes the dynamic from a capital to operating costs. And as I shared earlier this year, that's about a 30 basis point drag for us for the year. On the talent side, it's a very competitive market out there for talent. And we're making smart investments with our people with a mid-single-digit wage increase. I think that's in line with most businesses, slightly higher for us than 2022. And we also made the decision to take some of the health care costs we were seeing and absorb them here at the corporate level rather than what we might normally do and pass those on to our employees through higher contributions from them. And that's the right thing for our team right now. So I take that all together, we got a little bit of deleverage for the year 30 to 40 basis points. Those two things are 60. So you can see we're really leveraging outside of that US auto business right now. And with that, we expect margin for the full year to be up 20 to 40 basis points. And as you saw in Q1, we were up 50 basis points.
Bert Nappier: Sure. Yeah, I'll take that one as well. As we look at Q1, inflation moderated slightly during the quarter. That was in line with our expectations. Again, we think monetary policies here in the US and around the world are having the desired effect. But that does take a little time to flow through. Q1 inflation and sales, all GPC total was mid-single digit. Auto was high single digit. And again, industrial, which has been very consistent, low single digits. Our expectation for inflation for the rest of the year is for it to continue to moderate. That's pretty consistent with the view I just shared at Investor Day. Obviously, the actual impact is yet to be seen. But our assumption is that the automotive business will tick down from high single digits to low single digits to close out the year. Industrial will stay in that low single-digit range and that GPC that translates in us going from mid-single digit to low single digits.
Bert Nappier: Chris, this is Bert. So when I talked about 20 to 40 basis points of segment margin improvement, I'm talking about GPC consolidated. I don't really want to get into parsing the onion too finely between the elements of that. But we were not expecting margin declines in either segment for the year. The math would be difficult to achieve 20 to 40 basis points being up consolidated for either of the two segments to be down year-over-year. Look, we had a softer start to the year in US Auto. We've got a great plan here in place with some cost actions we're taking, but it will take a little time to build traction and auger in through the quarter. We're looking for a really solid second half there and building that momentum for us, and we feel good about that.
Bert Nappier: Yeah. Thanks, Chris. It's Bert again. Look, on the cost of ocean freight, those that are included in our inbound and cost of goods sold. My gross margin projection for the year and our guidance assumes we get a bit of a tailwind of that in the second half. That's clearly our expectation. I think that's in line with the market. On the outbound freight, diesel fuel is still up year-over-year just slightly in the quarter. It started out January, I think, in the north of 20%, moderated a bit in February into the teens and then turned positive in March. The net sum of that was about a 3.5% increase for the quarter in fuel cost. And so we had a bit of a headwind there on top of the rates we're getting from the carriers in terms of fuel as it relates to diesel, and that is primary -- that's the primary component of that delivery cost as we think about fuel when it goes from the DC to the store. We would expect that, if March is an indicator that, that will start to tick down a bit and could be a benefit to us. Will mentioned that we've got some actions related to that. On the labor side, I think it's pretty sticky, though. When we think about these carriers, and we're all facing higher wages. Year-over-year, the cost of doing business is undeniably higher because of wage rates, and I don't think those will abate. But we might get a little bit of a tailwind here on the fuel aspect and see how that maps out over the next couple of quarters. Sorry for the long answer.
Bert Nappier: Hi, Liz, it's Bert. Look, there's nothing in the near-term that has really changed or really for the balance of the year in terms of how we're thinking. Interest expense has come down a bit. We've had a little less need to borrow against our revolver intra-month, which has been a bit of a benefit to us and intentional. And then when we think about the uses of cash and our capital allocation for the year, it's still pretty balanced. We don't have anything different than what we shared at Investor Day and no different plans. The only thing that's on the horizon is we've got a debt maturity at the end of the year. And obviously, we'll want to be thinking about the environment that the capital market brings to us as we get closer to that and how we think about refinancing or paying back or some of the various options we might have. So again, just being really disciplined as we always are being faithful to our four priorities on capital allocation and no surprises for you guys.
Bert Nappier: Greg, this is Bert. I wouldn't say there's anything fundamental that's changed other than just continued strong momentum and building on the actions in that business over the last couple of years. You build on industrial team that -- and the Motion team that is executing at a very high level, their core business, a stellar integration of KDG and how we've achieved synergy, which was transformational in driving additional size and scale and creating opportunity. That combination has allowed us to continue to improve margin in that business. As we shared at Investor Day, we're looking at that business being at a 12% level. And so, we're marching towards that as a target. And, obviously, this quarter gave you a glimpse of our progression in that regard. And I think we're on the right track to hit that level of profitability as we shared at Investor Day based on what we see right now and what we see for the next several quarters.
Bert Nappier: Well, I don't want to get into giving quarterly guidance on the Industrial segment, but I'll just talk about the full year and tell you that when you think about the industrial business, we've got, as we -- I think we've said repeatedly high single-digit topline growth model for the first half. That moderates down to low single digits in the second half based on our expectation of economic conditions, which could obviously change. Even with all of that, even with a low single-digit outlook for the second half, we're expecting the segment to improve its margin for the full year. Will it be at the same rate as Q1? No. We're not modeling that, and you know that from our full year guidance. But in a lower growth moderated environment in the second half that business will still perform well on a margin basis, and we expect that margin to expand for the full year, which is why we're looking at overall GPC margin expansion for the full year as well.
Bert Nappier: Well, look, I'll just tell you that we spent the last 12 months or so moving down the P&L in terms of inflation impact, starting with the topline and cost of goods sold, I think all businesses, so I don't want to put us in some unique camp. I think all businesses are starting to feel the impact of inflation in the heart of the P&L. And that's now moving into freight lines, SG&A, personnel costs, and some of those things. To call the inning on that is really tough. My dad was a baseball coach, and I like to say that I'm baseball-ready, but the call to inning on that one is a little difficult. I just go back to the point that in this highly inflationary environment, there's no question the floor has been raised on the cost of doing business. It's not just here in the US, it's around the world. And the best indicator for that is what all companies are facing right now with inflation on wages. I don't want to give you a precise estimate on a range of leverage. I think historically, the company has been talking about a 3% to 4%. If it's been 3% to 4%, it's probably floating closer to the higher end of that range. But the thing we're focused on, and I think it underscores and emphasize the importance of doubling down on these investments and initiatives we're making in productivity and efficiency, modernizing our operations, and the things you heard about at Investor Day will help us. And then we're always going to be faithful to driving leverage and reducing costs where we can. And you saw a great example of that in the business this quarter with the leverage we gained in the Motion business and the International Automotive businesses. So, I think that's a great data point on how we're thinking about modeling this going forward. And obviously, my guidance contemplates that as to our 2025 targets.
