Paul Donahue: Thank you Carol. We move forward with the goal of building on our six-month performance and remain focused on further strengthening the organic sales in our businesses, as well as maximizing the benefits of our recent acquisitions. We are also committed to executing on our plans to enhance gross margins and remove unproductive costs from our operations. As Carol mentioned, we have several initiatives in process to reduce expenses and improve our overall cost structure and we expect to recognize some of these savings over the balance of the year. Additionally, we believe our continued efforts in each of these areas along with a strong balance sheet, solid cash flows, and effective capital allocation will positively contribute to stronger long-term growth for the company and serve to maximize shareholder value. So with that we'll turn the call back over to Alisia, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, we were pretty consistent across the U.S. Chris. We were essentially up for each month, April, May and June. Globally, it was a little shift. Globally, we saw a little bit of a slide in April. But across the U.S., it was consistent across each month. 
Paul Donahue: Yeah, let me take the first part of the question. I may ask you to repeat the second part of that, Chris. But look, if you look across our business, what's encouraging for us is that our Northern divisions, so we're talking about the Northeast, the Midwest, the Mountain divisions, are performing well. And I think I called out Mountain last quarter as our top performer. They just happen to have the most normalized winter in that part of the country. Where we're a little bit softer than we are in the Northern divisions is in the Southern divisions. And so Southeast, Southwest, Atlantic are a little bit softer, and there's a gap between the top performers and the others of about 300 basis points. We think that will close as the year progresses. The South has been, I think, impacted a bit by the cooler temps. And certainly, we have had a ton of precipitation down here in the South. So we think that, that gap will close a bit as we move through the course of the year.
Paul Donahue: Well, I'd answer that a couple of ways, Chris. As you heard me say, our DIY business was good in the quarter. And if you think about the consumer that you're referencing, I think that would probably show up a bit in our DIY retail numbers. So we're quite pleased with our retail business. As a matter of fact, we had a very good June in our retail business.  That said, I would tell you that our Southwest is down a bit or softer than our Northern Division. Whether I can attribute that to one specific demographic, it's hard to say. There's a lot of different factors at work. 
Paul Donahue: No, you saw our guidance for Automotive, Chris, and we've taken all those factors into account. And we're expecting 3% to 4% overall. And look, I think the good news for all of us, especially in the Midwest, is it's getting hot, and it's getting hot down here in the South. And we'll see business start to turn almost immediate as the temps go up. So we're feeling pretty good about the second half of the year, as I think was illustrated in our guidance. 
Paul Donahue: Well I think, Chris, I have to mention it's a good question. I think that our business, and I can't speak for our public company peers. We'll hear their numbers here shortly. But I think it's an accurate assessment that the automotive aftermarket has slowed somewhat over the past number of quarters, and there's a lot of reasons that we all talk about. And certainly, back-to-back mild winters has been a big factor. You know that. I think one of you guys have referenced it as an air pocket that stepped down in that 7 to 9 year age group of vehicles.  So that sweet spot has been a little bit of a headwind, I think, for us and in the demand for repairs. And then if you look at some of the tailwinds that we've had in the past, and whether that be miles driven, cheaper gasoline, those tailwinds are still there, but they're lessening than what I think we saw perhaps a year or two ago. So those would be the reasons we'd point to for just a bit of slower growth. But again, we're cautiously optimistic about the second half of the year and as we distance ourselves from these mild winters. 
Paul Donahue: Well I’d love to tell you they're performing as well as the stores that we have gone in and gone through our total refurb. But what we've done Chris, is our level of refurbs, if you will, in our stores varies. So it varies from a total overhaul of resetting fixtures to painting the stores to increasing hours to bringing in additional people. That would be on a major overhaul. And to a lesser degree, we're trying to impact all of our stores by increasing our store hours and adding more retail-focused personnel.  I mentioned our strong performance in June in our retail business. And in June, we saw both transaction and basket size go up for the first time in a couple of quarters. We're investing in business development managers in our retail stores, which I think are having a very positive impact on our business. So overall, we're positive about our retail business. And we're positive despite, I think, a bit of a hysteria out there around what the online players are going to do to DIY.
Paul Donahue: So it’s good question Elizabeth. And it varies by country. But our U.S. NAPA business, our DIFM commercial business, which is our dominant part of our business, is 75 plus percent, which leaves our DIY business at 25% approximately of the overall. It's different in Australasia, where we have a more stronger retail presence. And Canada is very similar. Mexico is very similar as well. 
Paul Donahue: Well, Elizabeth I don't think that's going to be a significant factor for us going forward. I think the – everything I read, some of your peers that follow the dealer segment, it appears the used vehicle market is pretty strong right now. That's always a good thing for us. So we don't expect to see any significant shift going forward.
Paul Donahue: The total sales that we're reporting, we're talking about for the quarter only. Our comps were up 1% overall, and that's all of our business. So that's independents, that's company stores, that's inclusive of all of our stores. And as we saw – as I think I mentioned earlier, our trend throughout the quarter was very steady, and we were basically plus 4% across the way. DIY, I mentioned, was a bit stronger. But both, I think the other important takeaway, Seth, is that both DIFM and DIY improved sequentially quarter-over-quarter. I am not sure I answered your questions, Seth, but…
Paul Donahue: Yeah, I think look think our major account business, Seth, which is a significant part of our overall DIFM business, I think our business continues to track with our customers' business. I don't believe we're losing market share. Matter of fact, I would contend that perhaps we've gained a bit of market share overall. But I believe our numbers overall reflect their business. The fleet business, again, sequentially improved. And I would tell you also, in our major account business, we saw sequential improvement quarter-over-quarter.  We also saw sequential improvement in our fleet business quarter-over-quarter. The fleet business, Seth, I think that we're going to continue to see that improve. If I look across – I mean, you follow the Motion business and how strong our Industrial business is as a whole. Ultimately, and we've always said this, is that fleet tends to lag a bit behind the market. So we're still confident that we'll continue to see sequential improvement in the fleet business going forward. 
Paul Donahue: Hey Brian, I would just add to Carol's comments. First off, thank you for the question on our Industrial business. It gives us an opportunity to brag a bit on our Motion team. We've been, in past quarters, a little bit cautious to go out and say we think that, that business is now coming back full speed. But what we're seeing and continue to see is very encouraging.  When we look at products like industrial hose and pneumatics that were up double digits in the quarter industrial supplies, hydraulic hose, seals, accessories up high single digits in the quarter, it's very, very encouraging for us. And then you look across the various metrics, whether it be the PMI number in June, which was 57.8 or capacity utilization, industrial production, all with arrows going up. Rigs count, our rigs count was up 500 over a year ago, and it's our highest in two years. So a lot of things to be bullish on and optimistic when you look at our Industrial business.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, so that number, Matt, kind of has shifted through the years, right. We have historically looked at that 6 to 12 year age group as the sweet spot for our DIFM business. And I don't think that has really moved at all. I still think that's the key age group for our DIFM business. As we look at our DIY business, I think that number continues to move out, so anywhere from 12 to 17 and 18. When you look at the average vehicle on the road today at 11.7 years and how well built and constructed cars are today, that number continues to move out, and we're seeing more and more older vehicles, 15-plus-year vehicles, at our stores and shopping in our DIY counter. So I don't think it's changed dramatically but probably a bit more on the DIY side.
Paul Donahue: Yes, it's a great question, Matt, and I think it was masked. I think that when you go back a couple of years ago, when we were collectively, as an industry, pounding out strong mid to even high single-digit comps kind of quarter after quarter, I think it got masked. We had a couple of really harsh winters that probably drove a higher level of increase than what we attributed to weather. So I don't want to say they snuck up on it, but. certainly, I think last year and this year is having an impact. When we see that trailing off, we'll be really, as we get into back half of 2018 and 2019, we think it will be less of a factor than what it perhaps has been in the last couple of years.
Paul Donahue: No, it's been relatively the same, David. We're bullish on our retail business only because I think of the initiatives that we've put into play. And the initiatives, so the bar would settle fairly low for us. And when you look at what we focused on, the retail basics, it's store hours. It's having retail-focused personnel on the floor. It's having the right products on the counters.  So, I mean, really just an attention to the retail basics. And as that store count that we've gone through, what we call our Retail Impact initiative, we'll have 500 stores now at the end of the year. We started that a couple of years back. It's been a slow ramp-up, but it's now beginning to be a fairly significant chunk of our overall stores. So those stores are impacting our business. And as I've said, we had a good month of June now with both basket and ticket size going up for the first time in a few quarters. So it's good. But I think largely, it's the initiatives that we've put into play.
Paul Donahue: Well, I think if we see inflation, David, which we're not opposed to as a distributor, I think you'll see it play out on the DIFM side, but I think you'll also perhaps see a bit on DIY. DIY would most likely be more in the chemicals and oil, which we've seen some increases in. So I honestly think you will, and if, and that's a big if because we have not seen inflation, as Carol pointed out, in a number of years. But if we get a bit more, I think, primarily on the DIFM side, but I think some of that will leak over into the DIY as well
Paul Donahue: That's U.S., Scot. When we get into specific segments of the business, DIY, DIFM, we are really pulling those numbers from our U.S. business. The comments I was making earlier about our global business is the mix, like the mix in Australia, DIFM to DIY, is significantly different than it is in the U.S. But when we talk specific DIY increase or DIFM increase, we're referencing U.S.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So I want to just repeat something I just said a few minutes ago to David. When we see an increase on our DIY business, as we did in the quarter, and saw a nice increase in June, I think that is more indicative of the initiatives that we've put into play, Scot, versus the overall DIY segment of the automotive aftermarket. I made that comment in a bit tongue in cheek. The bar was set fairly low for us on the retail side. So when we embark on improving the retail basics in our store, we're bound to get a bit of a lift, and that's what we're now seeing. And part of it is also due to our Retail Impact initiative that we embarked on a couple of years ago to upgrade a number of our stores.
Paul Donahue: Absolutely. Hard to say, I'll be anxious to hear the other public companies when they report, Scot. But look, I think that on the DIFM side, again, if I go back to some of the comments I made earlier with consecutive mild winters, the step-down in that or as referenced, that air pocket and our sweet spot of vehicles, that's impacting, that’s certainly is impacting the DIFM side. But again, I think it's transitory, and I think we'll begin to move away from that as we move into 2018 and beyond.
Carol Yancey: Look we did little bit lighter margin improvement in the quarter, but I would look to what we've done for the six months. And you've got a 20 basis point improvement in margin for the six months, sales being up 7%, profits up 10%. That is indicative of their gross margin initiatives, which they have been working on for two plus years. Their core gross profit has been up for a number of quarters. We also had higher supplier incentives, which again is tied to the improved growth and the increase in purchases.  The cost reductions that they made are actually, we’re seeing improvement in their SG&A. But for us to move the needle, it takes some time. And again, showing through six months 20 basis point improvement is a nice job by that team. So we're going to expect that to continue as we move forward. But having said that, the guidance is really more of a factor in the lower comparable sales and the leverage issues that are in the other segments, not Industrial. 
Carol Yancey: Well look we are coming off of five years of either deflation or no inflation in Automotive. So the fact that we ticked positive even though it was 10 basis points, we're encouraged to see that. As far as what we're estimating for the full year, it could be 0.5 point. I'm not sure it'll be a full point. But the categories we're probably seeing it in would be commodities. But again, we're not modeling for a significant uptick in that inflation between now and the end of the year. It's pretty modest, but it was encouraging to see a bit of improvement this quarter. 
Carol Yancey: We would say that we had similar results in both the company-owned stores and the independent stores. And again, pointing to the sequential improvement from Q1 to Q2. So it would be similar. 
Carol Yancey: I can’t say it is any one thing, Brian. I think what – look with that group, they are being very cautious on when they're adding back expenses and the payroll that we took out, and we think about the facilities that we rationalized. And as businesses come back, they've had to weigh that in, in bringing back in some of those costs. Some of the gross margin improvements, and you know 50% of that business is with major accounts, national accounts, there continues to be a significant amount of competitive pricing pressures.  In some of those contracts, you're under pricing agreements, and so you may not be able to pass through. There may be some kind of lag there. So I can't say it's anything in particular. I mean, sometimes, you get subtle changes between the quarters. But still, we like what we're seeing with the 20 basis points through six months.  I mean, one thing to remember, too, is their core growth – I mean, the core growth is a function, it's lower than what the total number is. So you got some acquisition costs that are still weighing in there. The other thing I'll just mention, we've kept their inventory down through the six months. And with that, we're not ramping up the level of incentives as quickly as you might expect. So we're trying to work hard on focusing on the balance sheet as well.
Carol Yancey: The issues on the inventory, the comments on the inventory, I would say, and we mentioned that inventory was up 6% without acquisitions versus the 9%, and what you're speaking to is a little bit of change there. I would say certainly, a portion of it is acquisitions and a fair portion of it. And then the other increases are probably more coming from – on the Automotive side. And again, looking at – a lot of it is looking at our inventory analytics and some of our predictive modeling and all that. And so we're working hard to get that inventory down in Automotive, but some of that is coming from just the depth and breadth of inventory that you've got to have in really getting into your supply chain and all the data analytics. But acquisitions, probably half of it, and the other part is just probably coming from the Automotive side. 
Carol Yancey: Yes, so on the cash flow question, we would say that was more of a working capital change. And we gave you a range, so that was kind of our best thinking at this time, and it would be working capital. And then as far as gross margin, I mean, look, we had a nice improvement through the six months. The quarter looks good. We were just under 30% last year, so we would hope to be right around 30%, which may give us a couple basis point improvement. So we should see it be a little bit better than the prior year.
Carol Yancey: Yes. there was no pension or non-recurring adjustments. What we would really point to is the investments that we're making, be it in our digital initiatives, which are global across all of our businesses, IT investments, which could be in warehouse management, productivity, inventory modeling to IT security, and then payroll and then legal and professional, which is somewhat related to acquisitions.  So, and look, when you look at it, that's the majority of it. We gave you a little bit higher guidance in that area, but that's, we gave you a range. We hope to do better in there, but you certainly sometimes get non-recurring, onetime items in there but hopefully, we've covered that in our range.
Carol Yancey: We'd like to thank you for your participation in today's conference call. We appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you after our third quarter results. Thank you.
