Carol B. Yancey: No. On our automotive margins, our margins, the core business in GPC Asia Pacific really has similar margins. So the Asia Pacific margins are not dragging us down the automotive sector. I think, what we mentioned is we had some gross margin pressures in the North American operations, and really, just the lack of pricing and some other gross margin pressures. Our long-term outlook for margins is still to have 10 to 20 basis point improvement in each of our businesses with margins. Now where we struggle with that is if we don't have some strong top line growth. And so if you look at our year-to-date automotive margins, they're still up 10 basis points and that's where we were through to 6 months. So we really hope that we can hold there through the end of the year and look towards in the future having more improvement than that.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, let me just clarify this, the $3 million inventory adjustment is in the other net line, consistent with how we did at second quarter. So the purchase accounting adjustments have been pulled out of the Automotive margins that you see. So that's not in the 8.9%. And my reference really wasn't an inability to pass along price increases. There's just no pricing in the environment, it's just some downward pressure on gross margin. But again, we're kind of pointing back to the 9-month numbers and saying we're still in pretty good shape year-to-date. So it's not anything specific, it's just a little bit of gross margin pressures. And it's North America, it's a bit Canada, as well as the U.S.
Carol B. Yancey: Seth, one is we don't specifically call out gross margins or SG&A by each of our segments. But in our commentary and what we did mention, on the Automotive side, their operating margin decrease was solely attributed to the gross margin impact. Their SG&A was actually slightly improved. So they're doing a very good job on the cost side. So again, if we can work through these gross margin pressures and we're working very hard on that and we looked to the year-to-date number again being up 10 basis points, again, we're doing a pretty good job in the SG&A area. So that wasn't an issue there. Our long-term margin outlook for all of our businesses is 8%, 8.5%. So we're really pleased to see Automotive where they are right now.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we thank you for joining us on our call today and we look forward to talking to you at our fourth quarter and yearend results. Thank you.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think, we'd start by saying this is very recent news. It's only a few days old. But as we think about it, in the past, we've had 2 really good competitors in Advance and in CARQUEST. And I think, we would compliment both management teams on arriving at this point. But as we go forward, in those markets where we competed both against an Advance store and a CARQUEST store, it appears that we will be competing against 1 competitor and not 2, albeit 1 larger and 1 strong competitor. So it's very early in the days in terms of how we think it's going to affect things. But one thing that does appear evident is that we're going to have 4 players at the very top of the pyramid that are going to be significantly larger than those players position 5 and on down. And I don't know how that plays out over time, but it could lead to some additional consolidation as we go forward. And hopefully, we'll be able to participate in that as we see the opportunities arise.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, we'll try to take the first part of it. And it did in fact impact some of the demand in the quarter. I think, we saw some of that where we -- in our Electrical business, for instance, where we deal with defense contractors and they continue to have some issues in terms of builds. Certainly, we saw it in the Office Products business indirectly where we sell to customers who sell into the governmental agencies. So we saw that demand drop off somewhat. As far as what happens now that we have at least a temporary resolution, it is too early to tell and we'll just have to wait and see how it develops over the next couple of weeks.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Oh, I think that we'd have to wait to see what opportunities present themselves. But we're very much open to strategic acquisitions that benefit the GPC shareholders, regardless of size. We'll look at any opportunity that may come forward. Matt, one other point I'd want to make, Paul mentioned the major account win that we had. And just to be clear, that really had minimal impact in the quarter. That's something that we think will help us to have some incremental growth in Q4 and then on through next year. It's still very early in its evolution.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, I'm going to try to answer it in a couple of different ways. First of all, if we look at our Industrial business, we've got segments that are performing fine and reacting, as you would expect them historically, to some of the leading indicators. So I called out automotive, food processing, lumber and wood products as 3 examples. But then, we have other segments that are not reacting as they might have historically. And there are more specific issues, whether it be in oil and gas or mining and resource. They are being impacted both by the slowdown in the U.S., as well as the global markets. So any of those companies that might have been producing for export, their export business is under pressure because of what's happening globally. So that would be one thing. The other thing is in looking at the indices, at least 3 of the ones that we follow, there seems to be some inconsistency there as well. If you look at the ISM Purchasing Managers Index, it is fairly strong right now and certainly, nicely up on where it was this time last year. If you look at industrial production and capacity utilization, you see a slightly different story, in that if we compare industrial production for Q2 to industrial production Q2 last year, it's up 1%, much less than what the PMI is up quarter-over-quarter. And if we look at capacity utilization, Q2 this year to Q2 last year, well, it's still at a historically reasonable level in Q2 of this year. It's actually down about 1% of where it was this time last year. So we see a lot of inconsistency within the numbers. We haven't yet concluded that there's any structural change. We think that, over time, all of this will start to even out a bit. We think that the fundamentals in the business are still favorable as we go forward. And we're optimistic that as we cycle through some of this that we'll get to more historical-type performance in these businesses. And maybe just to add a little color to what I mentioned earlier, if we look at the impact of what happened to us in those specific original equipment manufacturing sectors that I've called out, that cost us 3% in year-to-date revenue growth. That's how impactful it was. And the good news is that we've now anniversaried that and while we don't see those segments snapping back quickly, we certainly don't see the same headwind that we faced over the past 4 quarters. And if we go over to the Electrical business, if we look at what's happened there largely because of some slowdown in the defense contractor segment, that's cost us about 2% on a year-to-date basis. And again, we don't expect that to come back significantly in the near-term, but at the same time, we don't expect it to erode the way that it had thus far this year. So those 2 things in particular have impacted those 2 businesses, if that helps with any color.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's largely helping our customers grow their business. And if we can help them enhance their share of wallet or their market share through different initiatives, then that in turn will benefit us. And then, we need to continue down the path of some diversification both on the product side, as well as on the customer portfolio side. We're working pretty diligently in both of those areas. And we've made some progress in each case, but we still have a bit more to do in both areas. But that's the strategy right now. And right now, this is the business that's most challenged and we don't think that there are as many early signs of encouragement for this business yet. But at some point, it will revert closer to the norm, even with the structural change from a product standpoint with pick the best product in secular decline. Eventually, this business is going to come back. And in the meantime, it generates a lot of cash, gives us a good operating margin, and it gives us time to continue to rebalance the business a bit.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, as a general statement, David, part of our growth strategy is to increase the store count year-over-year 1% to 2% at a minimum, and we'll hit the low end of that this year, which we're proud of. If we have an opportunity to do it more rapidly because of whatever circumstance, certainly, we're interested in doing that. The one thing I would say is that it appears right now that NAPA may be the only national organization that still has a strong commitment to the independent ownership, and we'll continue to do everything we can to build on that base and to support the independent owner base as we go forward. So -- and I'd also say, we've done enough acquisitions over time to have learned that in any acquisition, certainly, there are some operating synergies that can be affected. But at least in our case, there've been very few, if any acquisitions, where we're able to retain all of the revenue. We've seen a number of reasons why, at least a portion of your revenue may be prone to a little bit of slippage. And if that happens in this particular case, then we hope we're in a position to perhaps pick up a little of that. But it's way too early for us to say categorically we know how it's going to work out. But we'll continue to follow it with a great deal of interest and hopefully, there's some positive in it for us as well.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. I think, that's generally the case. But I would also say that we don't see any evidence of predatory pricing or price wars going on. We've been through periods like that at times in the past. But that's not a situation today. Input costs have gone down for vendors in more recent times and that also has mitigated their need for some price increases.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't have any reason to think that today. We'll have to wait and see. The nice thing about the larger competitors is that we're all publicly traded, and we've all got the need to report our numbers. And I think that leads to some rationalism or at least a degree of rationalism among each of these companies. So I don't know that we'll see that. And if we do, we'll just have to respond accordingly. We're not going to donate share after working so hard to gain share. So we'll continue to work our strategies and our initiatives for sell side and buy side.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, those 2 factors for sure. And then, I mentioned that we had a small acquisition that we're going to do at month end for the Electrical Group. We have 1 or 2 others that we hope to add into the Industrial/Electrical segments between now and yearend, which I think will help a little bit and set us up for a little improvement as we go into next year. And then, don't forget, our comps get easier in Q4. We had some difficult comps last year. So the comps in and of themselves are a little bit easier as we work our way toward yearend.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we don't break out the segment data for those businesses. I will tell you, I will comment this way, as you probably know, the economy in Australia and New Zealand is pretty sluggish because of what's happened in the mining and resource sector down there and that has had a ripple effect through the economy. So it's slowed down a good bit. With that said, however, our team continues to do a very good job in executing their strategies. And their results would be outpacing the industry results down there and their results would be comparable to what we're doing here in terms of organic growth. So we're very pleased with what we see. And frankly, we're a bit optimistic as they continue to roll out some of the strategies down here. From a pricing standpoint, pretty much the same picture is what we see here.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think, the latter comment is where we find it. There is room to move the aggregate higher. We were pleased with the progress that we've made through the 9 months. We see more progress that will be made over the upcoming 3 months. And we continue to work this as an important part of our overall strategy.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think those sales are probably gone. If you look at the history of the DIY business across the industry, it's been under pressure for a number of quarters. And I think that's partly attributable to the fact that do-it-for-me is going to grow at a faster rate for quite some time than the do-it-yourself will be. But Paul mentioned, we were a little bit encouraged actually by what we saw in July and August, and felt that maybe we were going to have a bit better quarter than the way it turned out. But we did, in fact, see a dropoff in September, and most of that dropoff happened late in the month. But if there's any encouraging information in there, it's that the basket size was actually up a little bit. But it was the ticket count that was off for the traffic in the stores. We'll have to see if it reverts back to the more normal pattern. We did see improved ticket count in July and August, but we gave it all back in September.
Thomas C. Gallagher: They have -- they do appear to be stabilizing, albeit at a lower level. Whether or not we see some growth off of the current levels over the next quarter or 2, I don't have a feel for. But just because of the magnitude of the dropoff that we've experienced, we don't see that being the headwind that it has been for the last 4 quarters.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It's actually 3% on a year-to-date basis, not one quarter specific. That's what the impact has been over the 9 months.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. It relates to the decreases we've seen with customers in the oil and gas and mining and resource sectors.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I'll give you one other data point and we track what we call our project work in the Industrial business. And we were encouraged in that the amount of project work that we've got has held steady from Q2 to Q3, which we think is a little bit of a positive. Part of the offset to that, though, is while we haven't seen any decline in the pending project work, we have seen some of these projects be pushed out. Our expectation is that they will start to flow through, some in Q4, some in Q1. But until we actually get the order and get the release, we can't be absolutely certain. But we are somewhat encouraged by the fact that we didn't see any dropoff. And these are projects that are going to be used to expand capacity within plants or improved productivity within plants. So there's somewhat of an indicator, we think, of the plants' willingness to make some capital expenditures and to continue to invest back into their businesses for future growth.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, Matt, specifically on the commercial side, you're referencing both our major account business and our NAPA AutoCare business and we did have really good quarters with both businesses. I don't think their businesses overall are growing quite at the rates that we are, so you'd have to -- one would have to assume we're taking a bit of share. We also picked up a new customer, a new major account, some new major account business in the quarter that we hadn't enjoyed before, that will add about 600 stores for us on a go-forward basis. So we're very pleased with that win. On the DIY side, Matt, we were going along pretty good in June -- I'm sorry, in July and August, and really saw a slowdown in September. And back to your question about the impact of the government shutdown, so it's difficult to say directly that, that had an impact. But you got to believe consumers clammed up in those last couple of weeks in September because the falloff in the last week was fairly significant.
Paul D. Donahue: No, not really, Matt. As I think I mentioned in my comments, we're -- this year, unlike last year, we're seeing growth across every division of the country. And I think I pointed out the northeastern part of the U.S., we're seeing stronger growth. But across the U.S., we're seeing single-digit increases across every division.
Paul D. Donahue: I think, it's a little bit of both, Bret. But I would also tell you that our team has done a good job of capturing some new business up in that market as well. So it's a little bit of both, plus some new bids.
