Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Looking ahead, the GPC team is excited for the ongoing recovery in the global economy and the growth prospects we see for both auto and industrial. Our strong balance sheet provides us the financial flexibility to pursue strategic growth opportunities, and we remain focused on executing our plans to capture profitable growth. Generate strong cash flow and drive shareholder value. As a result, we are optimistic that we can deliver strong financial results in the quarters ahead.  So in closing, we want to thank each of our GPC teammates for their continued support, dedication and commitment to being the best.  So thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: And Chris, relative to your question regarding Motion, and thanks for your question on Motion. We always like to talk about our industrial business. We had a breakout month in March. We've been waiting for it, honestly. If you look at all the indicators from PMI to industrial production, they've all been going up into the right. So we knew it was just really a matter of time. Motion got -- they got sidelined a little bit in February with the storm. It's knocked out a lot of our business down in the south, but they came roaring back in March. And honestly, this trend, and we've seen it before with Motion, when they get on a positive trend as they are now, our expectation, that's going to carry through the balance of the year.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Kate, thanks for your question. In terms of the breakdown, fleet did come back in Q1, which I think we referenced that in our last call, we did see an improvement. Our expectation is that fleet will turn positive in Q2 and remain positive through the balance of the year. As you break down the various segments, our retail business was off-the-charts strong. What we were really encouraged by is seeing our both major accounts and NAPA AutoCare center business turn positive, both close to mid single-digit growth in those categories. So yes, we really saw improvements across the board and are especially encouraged to see our heavy-duty fleet business government municipalities turning to a positive in Q2. And as far as regionality, Kate, I think I called out our northern regions. I would also call out -- in that mix, it includes our Atlantic division. Our Atlantic division really led the way in Q1 for us. And Atlantic comes down to the Carolinas, Virginia. So that is close to the south. Our southeast performed just fine, but just was not as strong as what we saw in our northern regions as well as our western region.
Paul Donahue: Well, if you look at our -- what we term other wholesale, Kate, that's -- some describe it as the up and down the street, smaller garages 1, 2 bays. That business was up 7% in the quarter. And again, we have not seen that kind of growth in some time. We know -- we made significant changes and enhancements to our sales force coming out of 2020. We literally have doubled the touch point. And we're getting out and we're seeing those customers, and it's reflected in our business. So we're bullish going forward and really pleased to see the DIFM category bounce back, as we expected it would in '21.
Paul Donahue: Yes. I think it's all of the above, Scot. It -- as you know, in these calls, we tend to talk a good bit about weather, and we did see a more normalized winter this year. Certainly, that has an impact on our business. The bounce back in miles driven, while still not anywhere near the levels it was 2 years ago, it is coming back from where we were last year. And then I think the efforts that our NAPA team is making that Will touched on, with the many changes we made in our sales force and how we're going to market. So I really think it's a combination of our sales strategy. Our inventory availability at the street-level has improved. So it's really -- it's not one thing that I would point to. It's really a combination of really positive factors hitting at once. And what I think I'm most encouraged by, Scot, is we had this kind of quarter despite still being in COVID-related lockdowns in many parts of the world. Canada right now, Scot, is, as you would know, is in full lockdown. And yet our business still trended positive in the quarter. Our service levels and our supply from our suppliers is not where it would traditionally be. So look, we're quite proud of the quarter we had, but I would tell you, I think there's even upside when a few of these more headwinds we put behind us.
Paul Donahue: No, it's not. I wish it were behind us, Bret. I know you and I talked last quarter and we specifically called out batteries. While that's gotten better, and we had a great quarter in our battery business, there's still some pockets where we're struggling. Filters, you mentioned, could be a whole lot better in terms of our in-stock levels. But we're seeing it in other product categories as well. So that's what I mentioned earlier. I know our -- look, I know the challenges some of our suppliers are up against with raw materials, with the global supply chain, labor issues. When that comes back up to more normal levels, that's just going to be increased upside for our business.
Paul Donahue: In terms of -- well, in terms of our percentage increase, Bret. Our retail business was up greater than 20% in the...
Paul Donahue: Percent of total, it's still 20-plus percent. It's -- look, we're still going to live and die on the DIFM side, Bret, but it is great to see that retail DIY business continuing to accelerate. And look, we -- as you know, we put a hell of a lot of effort into improving our stores, improving our layouts in our stores, our store hours, our folks in the stores. So we've put a lot of effort behind it, and we've talked a lot about it on these calls through the years. So it's really great to see that segment continuing to perform really well.
Paul Donahue: Well, look, it remains to be seen, right? So we're the first one out this quarter. We're pleased with our performance and certainly pleased as it stacks up against 2020. We've been waiting for our commercial business to bounce back and really pleased to see that happen in the quarter. So I do believe that was a solid performance. The retail business, I already touched on with Bret, that was solid.  What we're pleased to see what we're pleased to see, Seth, is that the fleet business and what we referenced as our IBS business really beginning to bounce back. So I think we're doing quite well, and I'm really proud of the NAPA team for the quarter they put up.
Paul Donahue: And Brian, I would just add. And first off, good to hear from you again. welcome back. We -- with our presence in Europe, it's -- and the European Union having doubled down on EVs, as Will rightfully pointed out, we're still, majority of the time, focused on our business at hand today with the internal combustion engine. But we do have an eye towards the future. And our European team will be leading -- certainly leading that effort because we believe we'll see it, the shift, the tipping point, if you will, in Europe, most likely before we see it here in the U.S.
Paul Donahue: Yes. There's not much else for us to point to, Daniel. When -- again, when you look at January, we got out of the gates pretty good, low single-digit increase. And as we mentioned, March was a record month for the Motion team.  February, we were hit hard. We had over 100 branches that were shut down. And I think maybe a better way to look at it is if you were to combine Feb and March together, and that's probably a true picture of the first quarter. But as I mentioned earlier, we've been through this cycle many times with Motion. And when that business turns, the CapEx projects start to move, plants start to reopen, that business really, really takes off. And I will tell you, we're off to a good -- a very good start in April. And our expectation is it's going to continue through the balance of the year.
Paul Donahue: Well, our line of sight, as you know, many of these CapEx projects, there's long lead times with many of these projects. But they are rolling in. We -- I was actually out in the field with our industrial team a couple of weeks ago, first time we've really been out visiting customers. And the universal feedback we get as we visit customers is factories are, right now, they're humming. And if that's happening and they're moving back into full production, that's generally all very, very positive for the Motion business. So our expectation as we look forward with Motion is that we're going to have a solid year. And it's going to continue and should continue on really into 2022. And that's further verified, David, when we look at the PMI numbers and the industrial production numbers all just further support the kind of growth numbers that we believe we'll continue to produce in '21.
Paul Donahue: I would also add on to that, David, that we haven't really talked much about our business in Europe here this morning, but our European team had a great quarter, up 15%. And we're making great strides, great inroads across Europe. But I would tell you that I believe one of our -- one of the real pluses for us this quarter was we had product, and we had plenty of inventory, and we had it, as Will said, at the right place at the right time, which I think enabled us to potentially grow outside of what the overall market grew in Europe in Q1. So really pleased with the progress we continue to make in that part of the world.
Carol Yancey: Yes, Chris. On -- you're right. We did have 1 less day in the quarter, and we did not reflect that in our comp sales numbers that are provided. So it would be about 1.5 points for each of our segments equally. The good thing is the rest of the year, we really won't have that. We will close the full year with the 1 less day. But we have not shown that or adjusted for it, if you will, in any of our comp numbers.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Chris, I would tell you, we fully anniversaried all the impact of divestitures and discontinued. So that is true core gross margin impact. And we are actually modeling and have been -- given what we did at our February call, continue to model improvement in gross margin for the full year 2021.  It is a function of our initiatives. I mean, you heard Will and myself talk about the number of initiatives. So we have had some great progress in strategic pricing tools and analytics. Our category management, global sourcing. We've had some product mix shifts as well. Our industrial team has done a tremendous job of just quarter-after-quarter increases. Our global sourcing teams, global tenders are really working out well. And we had really kind of a neutral impact on rebates for the quarter. So our full year, we do believe that gross margin will continue to improve and will be up for the full year.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Chris, great question. And I think you're spot on, none of us recall having that much cash on the balance sheet. But as was prudent in 2020, we did look at conserving our cash and sort of prudently got ourselves in a great position. We do expect to return to more normal capital allocation. It is a little bit of a timing thing right now.  So you will see our M&A pipelines, as Will talked about. You will see the bolt-on type acquisitions that will come in. You're going to see our CapEx getting up to the $300 million.  And share buyback, again, we were somewhat precluded from buying in our shares with some of our debt agreements and where we had found ourselves. We expect to be in there buying, honestly, right away. We will do our normal share repurchase. And if we have the opportunity to do more, we'll certainly do that. So more normal capital allocation, and you'll see us putting that cash to use as we move ahead.
Carol Yancey: And Greg, I would just add a comment on the operating margin improvement. I mean, again, our operating margin outlook in long-term is sort of the 8.5% to 9% operating margin. We're implying about 30 basis point improvement this year in our 2021 results, and that is coming from a combination of gross margin and SG&A. And honestly, that's probably a 50 to 70 basis point improvement over 2019 as well.
Carol Yancey: Yes. You're right, we had pretty modest inflation for Q1 and really no impact on our sales or gross margin. As we look ahead, we do think that's going to come and probably more second half-weighted. We're looking at a 1% to 3% on the automotive side and a 1% to 2% on the industrial side. But quite honestly, with our initiatives, we believe we'll be able to continue to deliver on our improvement in gross margin and be able to pass that through. But we have not modeled that, if you will, into our guidance on sales. Quite honestly, if it hasn't hit us yet, we'll look forward to that being a tailwind as we move ahead.
Carol Yancey: That's correct. And you know our back half, we have sort of more normalized growth in the back half. And it's also not modeled into the cost side as well. So we'll update you as we move ahead on what we're seeing on the quarterly inflation, but we do expect it's coming.
Carol Yancey: Yes. We had -- and it's a great question. As volume comes back, I mean, there is a level of variable expenses that do come back in. But we did permanently lower our cost structure with the 2019 plan that we put in place. And those permanent cost savings, again, we capitalize on those and converted some of the temporary to permanent. So we had about a $20 million benefit in the quarter that was a carryover from those savings. Team's done a tremendous job on payroll. But again, contemplated in our outlook, and I think -- when we came out in February, we had sort of flattish SG&A. And now with the improvement we've seen in Q1, we've contemplated in our operating margin that SG&A does remain and is improved as we go throughout the year.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I guess one comment I would say is the trends, and Paul alluded to it, January started off really strong, February was a little softer. March was our strongest month in the quarter, and it was pretty even between the commercial and the DIY. So I think you laid it out as it happened.
Carol Yancey: Okay. Yes, great question. So really talking about our guidance. So the stronger sales and earnings for the full year really reflects our accelerated recovery in the first quarter. So we did consider the favorable FX. We considered some of the other unusual items in the quarter. But we did not, if you will, assume what occurred in Q1 would be baked into those full year numbers for the rest of the year. So we have really taken sort of a more conservative, cautious approach, if you will, on the currency and not model that in. So again, that is contemplated. And then you asked about the same-store sales guidance. So if you look at raising at 100 bps for -- in total and for each segment, we did the same thing on the comp store sales. So plus 4% to plus 6% on automotive and plus 3% to plus 5% on industrial for the same-store sales.
Carol Yancey: Thank you. We'd like to thank all of you for your participation in the Q1 earnings call today. We look forward to reporting out to you on our Q2 results, and we appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts company. Thanks, and have a great day.
William Stengel: Yes. It's a great question. Thanks for asking it. That was a great case study in using technology inside the four walls of a distribution center. As we think about getting more productive with the number of people we have doing the work relative to technology. So think vertical lift modules, et cetera. And that's completely sustainable. That technology and that investment is in the building, and it will continue to improve as we move forward.
William Stengel: Greg, it's Will. I might just add on the cost side. I mean, I alluded to it in the prepared remarks. But like everybody else, we're watching and seeing SG&A inflation in different parts of the world and in different parts of the business, ranging from wage inflation in selective geographies. You've got global logistics inflation. You've got commodity inflation. So we're watching that and doing good work around being cost productive to offset some of that inflation, but that's definitely something that we're working on actively every day.
William Stengel: Scot, it's Will. I might just add another kind of philosophical point, which is as we do productivity, SG&A productivity work, I mean, our intent is to reinvest some portion of that into growth initiatives and talent, as an example. So we're not solely focused on driving productivity without reinvesting in the business philosophically.
William Stengel: I think it's both. I think the -- coming out of COVID, I would say, there has been a dramatic change in the use of digital in every dimension. Meaning frequency, the way in which you use it, and that whole concept of being easy to do business with. And that means different things to different customers. But the foundation of it is having the digital skills to meet those needs as they differ across the customer segment. So I would say it's a mix of everything, and we've done really good work around setting up the foundation of meeting those different needs, and we're going to continue to invest in it.
William Stengel: It does. Yes. I think we're doing a lot of work around all of our choices on this topic. And I think it's important to note, though, just to reemphasize that we are intensely focused on the part that we serve today, the ice engine, is going to be the main focus for us as we move forward. We just think it's prudent to be doing work and understanding the facts and developing strategies as the business evolves. So we're open and looking at everything and refining the strategy as we move forward.
William Stengel: Yes. It's a great question, and it obviously continues to be a priority focus for us, making sure, as I said in prepared remarks, that we've got the right product in the right market at the right time. So it's absolutely an ongoing initiative.  We are watching and studying improvements in the global supply chain. We are encouraged that it's getting better. And so we are really watching that to improve as we think about, by category, all of the efforts to make sure that we got the right product. So it's getting better, but we're going to have to stay focused on it.
