Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. So, that recaps our second quarter and first half 2010 results. With sales up 9% year-to-date and earnings up 17% we feel that we're well positioned to report a good performance for the full year. And we are proud of the job that the GPC team has done both on the operating side and on the balance sheet side through mid-year.  As far as the reminder of the year is concerned, we are mindful of the uncertainty that has been created by some of the mixed economic data that has recently been released. However, we are also influenced by the strength of our first half results and by what our management team anticipates in the months ahead. With that said, we feel that an upward adjustment in our full year guidance is appropriate. As we see it now, we would say that a full year revenue expectation of plus 7% to plus 9% would be more in line with our current thinking up from our prior guidance of plus 3% to plus 5%. And then we would increase our prior EPS guidance from 255 to 270, to the current 270 to 280 and we look forward to refining this further in our third quarter conference call. At this point we would to take your question and we will turn the call back over to Shawn to assemble the question for us, Shawn.
Thomas Gallagher: Scott, this is Tom. There may have been some inventory build-up or replenishment, but I think most of the revenue increase really came from normal plan in the quarter.
Thomas Gallagher: I'll take that Mike. The quarter was very consistent sequentially, so we didn't see any significant fluctuations. Geographically, my guess is you're referring more to Automotive than any of the other businesses and here again our Western operations are performing in line with our expectations, and we think we are faring reasonably well in the marketplace out there.
Thomas Gallagher: Matt, this is Tom. There are a couple of thoughts to that question. The margins at BC Bearing initially are just a bit lower than the Motion overall margins, but it's a company that's making terrific progress, and we're very confident in what they will do in terms of meeting the margin expectations. So, it's a good organization, good management and they will be accretive to us as we go forward. On the rebate side of it, all of that has not flowed through yet. We still have reduced inventories on the industrial side, and we'll continue to work to bring those down a bit over the remainder of the year.  So, well, Jerry mentioned that about a third of the improvement came from incentives. We still in our planning don't have all of the incentives added back that we were able to get back in 2008. And then the final thing I would just say is that the revenues have come back very nicely there. For planning purposes only, we're saying that our revenues will not get all the way back to the 2008 levels. This year we hope they do, but we're cautious as I mentioned in my comments based upon some of the recent economic data that's come out. We are saying, we just want to remain a little bit on the conservative side, in our expectations for the industrial business specifically, but all of our business is over all. But we are still looking for a nice double digit increase from the industrial business in the second half of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: Sure, the deal closed at the end of February, so March 1st they became part of Motion Industries and they added about 7% to the overall Motion increase in the second quarter.
Thomas Gallagher: Tony, I don't think we've got enough data to really give you an informed answer there. I do know that our industrial team, after suffering the way that they did in 2009, worked hard over the course of 2009 to better refine and develop their growth initiatives and that team is absolutely focused on building volume in a profitable way and I think their execution is awfully good. Where it's coming from, I wouldn't try to address, but we think that they have done a great job through the first half and they are going to give us a strong second half as well from our perspective.
Thomas Gallagher: That I don't know, Tony. I don't know that I can answer that. I'll come back may be and -- just to develop a little bit more the comments earlier. Right now, we know that regardless of where we are in the cycle, that we've got a terrific customer base that's producing product. And our team is focused on trying to maximize our penetration in each of these customers and trying to grow our presence in every customer that we service. And I think that we may be a little bit ahead of the overall growth rate but it's really coming from the focus and the intensity that the team has placed on maximizing our share of spend in our respective customer's places of business.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, no. We don't think we're done by any stretch and we've got a number of things that our team is working on. We would not want to disclose some of those on the call but we don't think that we're finished. And frankly we think there's more upside yet in the Automotive business if we continue to stay focused on the things that we've identified as opportunities for us.
Thomas Gallagher: I do, personally, Tony. If you look at a lot of the studies that have come out, what they would suggest is that while new car sales may rebound some over the next couple of years, we're not going back anytime soon to the historical levels, the 16.5, 17 million new car sales per year. The vehicle fleet is projected to continue to grow at a reasonable rate and the aging of the vehicles is projected to continue to persist. So what we see from a number of the studies is that the growth in the vehicles is actually going to come in the age category, six years and above, and we think that's a very, very good prospect for companies like ours because that's our target customer. Once the car gets to be six years or older, chances are the aftermarkets going to have an opportunity to do supply the parts that are needed to fix it. So, we think that the next couple of years could be reasonably good years for the aftermarket. 
Thomas Gallagher: John, I'll try to answer that and maybe will try to break it into pieces. If we look at inventory levels, at the installer level in the channel, I don't think there is going to be significant increase in demand going forward because they have historically kept their inventories fairly lean and rely on their serving part store to get them that part that they need within 20 or 30 minutes, so I don't think there is going to be much pull from that. I think that's going to be driven more by the increase in business that they experience. If we look at the store level at least within the NAPA channel, I think the inventories are in pretty good shape.  I don't think that they are extraordinarily lean, nor do I think that they are extraordinarily heavy. I think we are pretty well balanced, and that's one of the things that within NAPA we take some pride in is that we keep the inventories fairly responsive to what we see in the marketplace. So, there is not a lot of access that sits there at any time in the cycle. So, I think there we won't see huge inventory build-up on the part of our customer base giving us increased demand.  I think it's again going to be largely driven by the ultimate consumer demand, and then in our own case in our distribution centers, I think we do have some opportunity there to continue to work on what we would consider to be a little bit more investment than we absolutely have to have with enhanced technology and enhanced logistical capabilities that we're seeing some opportunities to do a better job with a little bit less. So, our inventories make them down just a little bit. Hopefully, it will come down a little bit and we will keep our service levels up as we have been, but I don't see that. I'm more concerned about inventory in the channel. Honestly, it's back a level or two from us and that's with maybe some of our vendors are important to them. Some of their raw material component suppliers and we have seen some recent examples where some of our good vendors historically are providing really, really good service have been impacted by some of there components suppliers who have not been able to keep up with the demand but, that's something that I think will be worked though over the next quarter or two. But I don't anticipate that inventory build up in the channel is going to give us any inflated demand. 
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we think, obviously the industrial related businesses will continue to perform well and I would say, from our planning perspective on the electrical side, we'd expect them to be up 14% to 16% over the second half of the year on the industrial side. We are thinking 13% to 15%, then again both of those numbers are a little bit tempered by some of the recent economic data that's come forth and we hope maybe there is a little bit of upside but at this point we don't want to count on it. Automotive, we are seeing 5% to 7%, 6% to 7% over the remainder of the year and that office products we're seeing flat to up 1% to 2% over the reminder of the year 
Thomas Gallagher: The cadence has been studied through out the quarter. We didn't see any real difference as the quarter progressed and then our July results thus far are pretty consistent with what we saw in the second quarter.
Thomas Gallagher: The answer is kind of mixed, it's yes or no. We have some discussions where we think we got fair valuation for both the seller and buyer prospectively, and we continue to develop those discussions, we've had other discussion where we didn't find that common point and we've just deferred them for now. One thing that may be happening is we may see private equity start to get back in the market, and if that happens and probably to move valuations up, and they would preclude us from some, but right now the discussions that we currently are having, we think are recently good possibilities over the second half of the year.
Thomas Gallagher: Sure. First of all, keep in mind that we're coming off a very, very challenging period in 2009. So while we're up 4% in the quarter in 2009, we had four consecutive quarters of pretty significant decline, but what we saw happening -- beginning to happen in the early part of the year was we saw that the truck tonnage numbers were starting to firm up and improve some and the last report that we've seen takes us through the first quarter, and it looks like truck tonnage in the quarter was up about 4.5%. So we just see vehicles starting to move again because there's a little bit more demand than -- at this point we do think it's sustainable, we're not looking for a dramatic improvement from where it is currently, but we do think what we see at the moment should carry through with the remainder of this year.
Jerry Nix: Scot, this is Jerry. I'll take that, it does effects us, it effects us more so in the office products and industrial business than it does in the automotive, but it does have an impact. But the automotive business and the office products business did not, they plan as much as the industrial business, so the fall off from there volume incentive was not as great. It was a significant last year in the industrial side of our business and they have been to evaluate in their incentive program with all the supplier, and then trying to renegotiate those, but I don't know how they have done with that, and I don't know how successful they've been, but it did have an impact on the margins in the industrial segment in the second quarter. If you see the significant improvement in the margins there, probably a third of that was attributable to volume incentives and the rest of it is operating cost, they did a very good job taken out last year, and have not yet back entered the system, but I would also tell you that while we attribute to volume incentives, you wouldn't get those volume incentive if this wasn't the coverage because they are based on purchases so we wouldn't be making those purchases if we didn't have the business recovery, so the two of them tie together. We stay on that back to the sales volume level we had in 2007, even with a significant progress, so but it will help us on improve gross margin going forward.
Jerry Nix: Mike, I don't think you can say that that's the new run rate. Last year, we took about $75 million in total out of our SG&A. Our expectation is that this year, we'll probably add about 20 million of that back in. The best we can tell is if we've added back in about 10 million of it through the first half of the year. Over the last couple of years, we reduced our headcount by about 12, 11 to 12%. If you just look at the first half of the year, we've added about a half of a percent back to headcount to support the sales growth. Certainly we -- lot of that were infrastructure changes we made last year that will not come back into the system, so I think we are still along solid ground saying now that 75 million SG&A reduction last year were probably had back in 20 million or so this year. 
Jerry Nix: No, I don't mean it that way. We will make a little progress each quarter; we will have less of a decreasing growth margin in the third quarter. We had significant LIFO gains last year because of the inventory reductions in the fourth quarter and that's what contributed to that gross margin improvement. We are looking to reducing our inventories further this year, but it will not be to the level of last year as you can imagine with the recovery on the revenue side. Matt, I would be pleased if we could hold our gross margin in the fourth quarter this year compared to the fourth quarter last year. 
Jerry Nix: Brian, yeah we are looking at that. We don't need to make a contribution to the pension plan at this point for 2010. It does appear if you look at the projection, we'll make a contribution in 2011, but those are actuarially calculated. If you'll recall we went - we made a soft freeze on our pension plan effective 1/1/2009 and so if we continued to fund that pension plan and use the cash for that, it'll get to a point over a period of time that cash will be there and there is no way for the company to get any benefits from it. At this point, we'll let the actuaries do the calculations and certainly if we are required to make a contribution, we will. But it looks like now the first contribution that we will have to make will be in 2011.
Jerry Nix: Shawn, thank you, we appreciate you joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future. Have a good day.
