Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that's an overview of our fourth quarter and 2011 results, and we're proud of the job that was done by the GPC team this past year, and we thank them for their efforts.  As we turn our attention to 2012, we're cautiously optimistic. We are pleased to be coming off 2 good years in 2010 and 2011, and we feel that we have a bit of positive momentum. And the underlying fundamentals continue to be encouraging in 3 of our 4 businesses.  At the same time, however, we see that gasoline prices remain at near historical highs, with the threat of going higher in the months ahead. This could have a direct effect on our Automotive business. Additionally, the higher fuel costs could impact consumer spending, which will indirectly affect end market demand in our Industrial and Electrical businesses. And as mentioned earlier, our expectation is for sluggish demand in Office Products for several quarters yet. So with all of that said, our preliminary expectations are for 2012 revenue growth in the 6% to 8% range, with Automotive being up 5% to 7%, Industrial up 8% to 10%, Electrical/Electronic up 8% to 10% and Office Products up 1% to 3%. And with top line growth at these levels, we would anticipate earnings growth of 8% to 12%, which would give us an earnings per share range of $3.85 to $4, and we look forward to refining these numbers further as we progress through the year.  So that will conclude our planned comments this morning. And at this point, we'll turn the call back to Jodie and then take your questions.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we were affected to a degree by the weather in the fourth quarter. And as we've said many times before, we don't like to use that as any excuse for performance. We're proud of the job that was done by our team in the fourth quarter even with the weather consideration. We would expect our first quarter revenues to be up at least in line with fourth quarter revenue or maybe just a little bit better.
Thomas Gallagher: I think the project work, which is driven by the CapEx through our customer segment -- the project work is pretty consistent and has been for the last few quarters, so we're pleased with that. We use that as a little bit of an internal leading indicator. So at this point, we think the project work will stay relatively steady through the first half of the year, and we're optimistic about what the Industrial Group can do over the first half of this year.
Thomas Gallagher: John, I think that we might see some incremental benefit from product mix going forward. One of the things that we've seen for the past few years has been the downward pressure on pricing, and it's caused people to move down the value chain in terms of the products they're selecting. And it's also had an impact on related sales, and we're not selling as many of the related items in some of the businesses that we might sell in an improving economy. So I think we potentially could benefit from that if the economy stays healthy going forward.
Thomas Gallagher: It's more -- I think it'd be more pronounced in Automotive and in Office Products, and to a lesser degree in the other 2 industrial-related businesses.
Thomas Gallagher: No, I wouldn't suggest it's getting tougher, but I would say it's been pretty consistent for a period of time now. It's competitive in all 4 of the businesses. I don't think it's any more pronounced today than it has been, and we don't expect it to get any better, at least in the near term. We are having some benefit on the purchase side of it, the buy side of it, and the margin improvement we're getting is somewhat attributable to buy-side improvement, but also attributable to just doing a little better job ourselves in how we're setting resale prices.
Thomas Gallagher: But, John, I'd add to that, our near-term goals and objectives have been to get the operating margins back to 8% to 8.5%. We were up 50 basis points in 2010, 40 basis points in 2011 and operating margin of 7.9%. So we're approaching the bottom end of that target range. Our expectation is that we'll cross into the 8% to 8.5% in 2012, and then as Jerry said, we'll be looking for 10- to 20-basis-point improvement on a consistent basis going forward.
Thomas Gallagher: No, I think it'd be more the former than the latter. And it seems, at this point, we're waiting, and over the next 2 weeks, we're going to get some additional insight as some of the other publicly traded companies report. But at this point, it does seem that demand decelerated really over the second half of the year more so than the first half. And it also seems that the public sector is where we saw more deceleration than in the private sector, quite honestly. So that -- and we're getting that anecdotally from our customer base, but that's where they're seeing more contraction in demand than in the rest of their customer set.
Thomas Gallagher: And, Greg, I'd just add that I think the guidance we provided earlier would indicate that when we said that we thought the revenues will be up 6% to 8% but the earnings will be up 8% to 12%.
Thomas Gallagher: We're a little bit early in the year to be making categorical statements. But at this point, our expectation is that price increases in each of the 4 businesses will be roughly in line with what we saw in 2011. We need a few more months to be able to tighten that up some. But Jerry gave those impacts earlier, and we're planning for about the same. There may be some variance from one to the other, but in total, they'll be pretty close.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'd say the industrial-related businesses have some upside. At the same time, if we see something happen that is negatively impactful on the economy, there's some downside risk there, obviously. But I think there is some upside in the industrial-related businesses. And if we had to force rank them, we'd say that there's probably a little bit of downside risk in Office Products only because our expectation is that the first half of the year is going to be a little bit more challenging than the back half of the year. And we're hoping that our planning for the back half of the year comes to fruition and proves accurate.
Thomas Gallagher: We still see sluggishness in anything that's related to construction. But all of the others remain very, very positive.
Thomas Gallagher: Well first, we'd like to say that we hope we do see some rebound in the SAARs. We think that's long-term positive for the industry. We don't think there's any material near-term impact if we do, in fact, experience that. We've still got a long way to go, as you know, to get back to the 16 million, 17 million vehicles that were sold back a few years ago. It's an interesting thing right now. We're at a point in time where approaching 3/4 of the vehicles that are on the road today are out of warranty. And while we will see, let's say, 14 2, 14 5 in new vehicle sales this year, that's still going to leave a huge number of vehicles that are out of warranty and need to come into the aftermarket for repair, and they continue to age. The average age is 10.6 years today, and it's going to continue to go up from all projections we see for the foreseeable future. So we'd like to see new car sales rebound and continue to improve. But at the same time, we think the impact will be minimal, if anything at all. And the next couple of years -- if the economy holds, the next couple of years should be pretty good ones for the aftermarket.
Thomas Gallagher: In terms of the difference between the megas and the independents, we ended the year up mid-single digits with the independent office products reseller, and they had a pretty good year over the course of the year. But if we look at it sequentially, they too experienced some moderation in growth as the year progressed, primarily in the last 2 quarters. If we look at the Mega Channel, we were down low-double digits for the full year. So these are fairly consistent with what we saw in 2010, and we haven't seen any material change over the last 2 years. As far as the margin, I think we did a good job on the SG&A. We did, in fact, have a little improvement in our gross profit there. And regrettably, they did not hit their objectives from an incentive-based pay standpoint, so the impact of them was not as favorable as it was on the rest of the business.
Thomas Gallagher: I'll try to answer that question in a couple of different ways. First of all, the margin improvement that we saw in Industrial was partly attributable to some incentives, but largely and primarily attributable to good top line growth; some gross profit management; and also, some really good SG&A work. So if we think about the 4 businesses going forward, we're actually planning on incremental margin improvement at all 4 of the businesses. The degree that we'll get in any one business is going to be somewhat driven by the level of revenue growth that we get. If, in fact, we had another strong double-digit increase in Industrial, then we'll get significantly more margin improvement there than if we have a low single-digit increase at Office Products. But for internal planning purposes, we're looking for all 4 of the businesses to give us some margin improvement in 2012.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, assuming we go through with the option that we have for the remaining 70%, that's a business of just over $1 billion. And that company, we hope, will grow at high-single to low-double digit growth going forward. So that'll be our primary international initiative using Exego or Repco as our platform company in Southeast Asia. So we'd like to see it grow or outgrow or outperform the growth of our North American business, but we're also planning for some healthy growth in North America as well.
Thomas Gallagher: I think that's right. I think that's a fair statement. We'd like to stay in the 4 businesses we're in, look for additional opportunities in North America, but also explore what we consider to be good opportunities internationally.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't break out company-owned and independently-owned specifically, Tony. But I would say that as we go forward, our expectation is that the company-owned may grow at a slightly faster rate than the independently-owned, and more so because of some expansion initiatives that we have underway. The last couple of years, we have done more consolidating of some stores and to really strengthen the performance of the individual stores. And I think our same-store sales growth would indicate that we've been reasonably successful in that venture. But I think, at this point, we're looking forward to more aggressive company store expansion, primarily in the markets we're already in, and filling in those existing markets and leveraging off of those management teams. And over the next couple of years, I think that's what we'll see.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I'd say that, as you know, we're 70% to 75% commercial and 25% to 30% retail. At 20% to 25% of our total volume, we do a fair amount of retail business, but we think there's some upside there, and we've got a couple of initiatives underway that are very early but are somewhat encouraging. And we'd like to continue to grow the retail business, at a minimum, in line with what the overall retail segment is growing, but preferably at a rate slightly in excess of that in the years ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: I think it will be a while, if at all, that we get back in that 9% to 10% range. But in prior conversations or calls, we've said that we did feel that with reasonable top line growth, that we could get the operating margins back to the 8.5% range. So that's our near-term objective, is to get them back up to close to 8.5%.
Jerry W. Nix: Chris, we did see a slight improvement in the incentives that we got versus the prior year. We didn't get as much in the LIFO as we had gotten in the prior year, so it was a number of factors that go into the improvement in the gross margin in the fourth quarter. I would be misleading you if I were to attribute all of that to higher volume incentives. They're just a number -- we've got some pricing software we're using as well as parsing better, I think, so -- but yes, we saw some slight improvement in the vendor incentives. We've gotten those incentives back up to about where they were prior to the recession.
Jerry W. Nix: John, I think it's more of a function of where we are in the business cycle, but I would also tell you that our target is continue to get 10 to 20 basis points improvement in our operating margin each year, but that's going to be driven a lot by this gross margin issue that we talked about earlier, and we seem to have turned the corner there in the last couple of quarters, so we'll have to continue to show a gross margin expansion. If we do that, then we'll continue to show some improvement. But the marketplace, as Tom mentioned, remains very competitive, and for us to get back to those operating margins 10 years or so ago is probably not in the works.
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, I think so. That's a major initiative we have, and we've done a great job in a couple of categories in the last few years of payables and inventory. We haven't done as good a job in receivables as we should have, but we've got a number of initiatives going forward. So yes, I think you'll continue to see it growing at a rate less than sales certainly.
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, you're starting to sound like one of our operators now. Certainly, that's not the case at 7% growth that we can't make SG&A improvement. It was really we had underestimated accrual for the compensation and the good year that we had overall, and there were a couple of benefit items that we had to catch up on in there as well. But no, we can continue to make improvement in the SG&A side.
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, just clarification, about the same increase, not the same level for pricing. But it's about the same percentage increase.
Jerry W. Nix: I'd also point out, Ryan, that Office Products' operating margins were over 9% leading up to the recession. And in '08 and '09, they started to decline, and it's a matter of getting their expenses under control with the top line growth that they have, but they had a nice fourth quarter from that perspective.
Jerry W. Nix: No, we didn't address it specifically, but we do have a concern about where we're going with our pension liability and the pension expense. That's driven by some assumptions that we really don't have any control over. We did make a contribution of $57 million to our pension plan last year. Right now, we're looking at a smaller contribution in 2012. But the pension expense, we're projecting an increase on that. So there is a lot going on in the pension liability, pension expense side, Tony. And yes, it is a concern, and we're going to review every option that we have available to us.
Jerry W. Nix: No. We would have probably had some projects that we were amortizing off that disappeared on us, and we also would have had some intangibles that would have been included in that number that were fully amortized. But it should increase, you're right, as we invest more. We did squeeze down our CapEx numbers back during the recessionary period, and we're building that back up to what we would consider normal maintenance CapEx of around $120 million a year. And if that's the case, then you're going to see our D&A be around $90 million to $100 million.
Jerry W. Nix: I'm not sure, Richard, that I understand exactly where you're going with that, but our inventory was only up 2% on an 11% sales increase. So we did show progress there, and our receivables up 7% on a 7% fourth quarter. Our payables, we had an issue with payables. We were up 5% in payables, but we were up 26% in payables at 12/31/2010 because we had a number of vendors that we gave -- got extended terms from in 2010, and that's a onetime boost. It's a permanent boost, but it's onetime, and then we've got some others that we're looking to put on our vendor payable program here in 2012. So I'm not sure if that addresses what your specific question is, but we certainly can address that offline.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, that negative in that changes in operating assets and liabilities, that's inventory payable and receivables, and the big swing, we had about a $200-million swing in our payables.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Jodie. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future. If not sooner, then we'll be -- look forward to visiting with you on our first quarter conference call in April.
