Thomas Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that pretty much concludes our review of the third quarter and 9-month results. And with sales up 12% year-to-date and earnings per share up 21%, we think that our folks have done a good job, thus far in 2011.  Now as far as the outlook for the final quarter of the year, we continue to feel good about our overall prospects. The underlying fundamentals in the Automotive aftermarket remain generally favorable, and gasoline prices have moderated somewhat over the past few weeks. Industrial production, capacity utilization and the purchasing managers index are each at healthy levels, creating a favorable end market climate for our Industrial and Electrical, Electronic businesses. The outlier for us is the Office Product segment, where we anticipate continued sluggish demand across the industry for a while yet. So the external conditions remain favorable in 3 of our 4 business segments currently. However, at the same time, we are aware of the overall uncertainty in the outlook for the general economic climate and its potential impact on end market demand.  With all of that said, our fourth quarter expectations are for our Automotive operations to be up 7% to 9%, Industrial and Electrical to be up 10% to 12% each, Office Products to be up 2% to 4%. And this would combine for a 7% to 9% increase for GPC for the fourth quarter and will put us up 11% to 12% for the year. And with revenue increases in this range, we would expect earnings per share to be $3.51 to $3.55 for the full year, which is an increase from our prior guidance of $3.40 to $3.50, and it would put us up 17% to 18% for the year.  From our perspective, an 11% to 12% revenue increase this year on top of last year's 11% increase and an EPS increase of 17% to 18% this year following last year's 20% improvement would represent another good performance from the GPC team. And as said earlier, we're proud of the job that they're doing.  At this point, we'd like to try to answer any questions that you may have, and we'll turn the call back over to Brooke.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, John, we're very much aware of what's being reported in the media. We read the same periodicals and hear the same news reports, and certainly, the overall economy is not enjoying robust growth. At the same time, however, what we're experiencing in the marketplace is better than what the overall economic indicators would lead us to suspect. And in talking with our customer sets across all of the businesses, the anecdotal information that we get is that everybody's aware of potential slowdown, but for right now, they don't see it in the day-to-day activity. As far as market share, I'd say that our numbers would suggest that we're holding our own in a minimum and perhaps taking a little bit in some cases.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look across each of the 4 businesses, price increases year-to-date in Office Products have been 1.6%, in Automotive 2.4%, in Industrial they're 3.3% and Electrical/Electronic, they're 4.8%. So we have seen some price increases, and we have been able to move them forward. You've heard us say before that we do have some contractual agreements with certain customers, primarily in the Industrial and Electrical/Electronic business. And in those cases, we have some pricing windows that we need to adhere to. So there may be a little bit of lag in the implementation of some price increases in certain cases. But by and large, we are able to move the prices through. The overall pricing environment across all 4 of the businesses remains as it has been. It's been pretty competitive, but I think our teams have done a very good job of adjusting and making whatever changes they need to make in order to enable us to continue to move ahead.
Thomas Gallagher: The first priority, John, will be to work with the Exego folks in driving their growth, and frankly, we're already underway with that. And we like what we see in the very, very early days. So priority one will be further penetrating the current markets of Australia and New Zealand. Priority 2 would be to move potentially into some of the surrounding markets. And if, in fact, it made sense for the entity, for Exego to do that, then we would be very supportive of that. But I think first and foremost, we'll continue to follow the plan that's been laid out for driving the growth in their home markets.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, on the overall Automotive performance, the main initiatives we would comment on are the same ones we mentioned in our prepared remarks and that would be our AutoCare and major account initiatives. These are our 2 primary programs on the commercial side of the business, and they continue to perform really well there. So we just continue to pay a lot of attention to those and do what we can to drive the performance in each of those. We would not want to get too specific in terms of the individual initiatives that we have there. But we are pleased with our results thus far. The retail side of it, it was improvement, but modest improvement. We were up 3/10 of 1% in Q2 and we were up 2% in Q3. So we wouldn't consider that a major comeback. We're pleased to see a bit of a turnaround, but we'd like to get a couple of more quarters under our belt with increased improvement on the retail side before we think that we've really made the turn there. We continue to see a lot of discipline on the part of the consumer in their spending patterns. And anything that's discretionary is being pushed off for the most part, and it's only the critical parts that are needed that we're really seeing reasonable growth with at this point.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we think there's a good possibility that they will. That the number of vehicles is relatively constant, but the age of the vehicles continues to increase and even with miles driven being down modestly, the wear and tear on those older vehicles has an incremental impact on parts demand. So we do think that there is a possibility that we'll continue to see good demand in the market. And then as far as the DIFM versus the retail, again, our expectation would be that, that will continue to grow at a rate a bit in excess of the overall Retail business because of the complexity of vehicles and whatnot. So we continue to be optimistic about the aftermarket for the foreseeable future.
Thomas Gallagher: Depends upon how much they slow. If they slow modestly, I think that we can look for mid to high single-digit growth in that business. If we see dramatic drop off as we did in the fourth quarter of 2008 and on into the early part of 2009, then I think we're going to be battling hard to keep our head above water. But right now, both of those indices look favorable. They both improved as you probably know in the recent round of reports that came out. So if we see gradual moderation, we think we'll be able to show a pretty good growth. But if we see major deceleration, then we're going to be impacted like everybody else.
Thomas Gallagher: No, I think that's continuing. I think what needs to be done is getting done, but not much more than that quite honestly. Average ticket prices at repair facilities are up over what they might have been historically, but the incidence of repair is flat to what it had been. And then there's the tendency to look for lower-priced product or just the repair work that has to be done at that moment.
Thomas Gallagher: I don't think we can give you too much color on that, Tony. The initiatives are grouped into a couple of areas. You got the buy side, which we're working hard across all of the businesses, and then you got the sell side. And on the sell side, you've got price, and we've been working hard to elevate our level of pricing sophistication. And then you got sell side mix, which we are working on as well. So there are basically 3 levers that we're trying to pull simultaneously, and I think at this point, we've got a degree of confidence that our team is getting a bit of traction in those areas, and we feel that we should, in fact, stabilize as we get into the fourth quarter and then move a bit ahead as we go forward.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't have hard data to support what I'm about to say, but our feeling is that the larger companies perhaps are performing a bit better than some of the smaller companies. And we think that, that perhaps is going to continue as we work our way forward into 2012. And frankly, we think it's going to be kind of the environment we're going to be in for a period longer than that.
Thomas Gallagher: I think it's a combination of all of those things and more. I think it's just a confluence of things that are coming together currently, and our feeling is that if we'll just continue to do the things that we know are important to drive our business that we should be able to perform in line with the market and hopefully just a little bit better than what the market performance is.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't have it by segment breakdown, but it was pretty consistent across all of the businesses. Going back to your first point, we do think if we have modest growth, any incremental headcount addition will be less than the growth that we're experiencing. And we continue to invest, as Jerry mentioned earlier, we continue to invest in technological initiatives that we think enable us to do a better job without adding the incremental people that we might have had to in the past or they give us better information to manage the business. So they're the primary investments that we're making today quite honestly.
Thomas Gallagher: Our expectation, Ryan, near term is that it should be more of the same. And we based that on what our operators are telling us, and they're getting it from what they're seeing in the customers' places of business. Additionally, we're just trying to talk with major customers and key suppliers to see what they're experiencing in the current environment. And at this point, we would just feel like it should continue at or about the pace we've seen in the most recent quarter. So there's nothing yet that says that there's a drop-off. That's not to say that it won't be there, but we don't see it as yet.
Thomas Gallagher: Brian, I'll take that. Just a point of clarification. That comment is specific to the repair side of the business, our customer base, and we don't know for sure. But what we feel will happen if there's a relatively tranquil market is that over time, people are going to have to get fixed some of the things that they haven't fixed here before. So we would hope and frankly, we would expect some increase in ticket count with no decrease in average value per ticket.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think we'll see strength across all of the businesses. And by the way, the one industry that was not up double digit was up just over 9%, and I think we'll see some similar consistency across the industries. I don't know how long we can generate 20%-plus increases across top industries, top customers, top product categories. But we don't have any indication right now of any slowdown in demand for our Industrial business. One of the things that we try to stay abreast of our project work that our customers are planning to do. We get 2 types of demands. We get immediate demand when a piece of equipment is down and it needs a component to get it back up, and then we also get some planned preventive maintenance. And on those, usually the customer will confer with us in advance to make sure we'll have the appropriate items that they're going to need for that maintenance. And in terms of that project work, we haven't seen any moderation in the backlog on those to this point, and that gives us a little confidence as well that our business should hold up comparatively well as we work our way over the next quarter or 2.
Thomas Gallagher: If we look at the total commercial in our company store group, it was up 8%. AutoCare and major accounts combined for a little over 10% increase. Our fleet business was up 5%, and then if we look at our total commercial category, which would include fleet and include -- or if we take fleet out, I should say, it would include major account and AutoCare, as well as other accounts, they were up low double digit.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, no. If we go back to the mid-70s, we actually made an investment in Europe, but this would be the only thing we've done outside of that since the mid-70s. We've known the people at Exego and its predecessor company for over 20 years. About 2.5 years ago, the CEO of that company was going to be in the U.S. visiting with automotive companies, and they asked if he could come by and visit with Genuine Parts Company. We said certainly. And we had a chance to kind of reconnect with the company. We, even though we've known them for over 20 years, we've not had much contact prior to about 2.5 years ago, for maybe the 3 or 4 years prior. Since that initial visit, we've had several additional visits with the CEO. And then as things really started to look like there might be something that could be good for their shareholders and our shareholders, we've had teams of people meeting here and there, looking at opportunities and looking at what it could mean. So we see a lot of commonality in the 2 businesses. We see some growth opportunities in our home markets, and the projected growth rates for Australia and New Zealand are a bit stronger than the projected growth rates for North America. And then we also see the larger growth rates potentially in some of the Southeast Asian markets that Exego probably would be the right platform to use for expansion into those markets. This does not at all signal any less confidence than what we've had in our North American business, and we'll continue to, I think, do the kind of job that we have been doing. In fact, it's a vote of confidence for our Automotive management team that we feel that we can make this move and at the same time, count on our North American team to continue to do the good job they've been doing.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, we don't see -- in the marketplace, we don't see any indication yet of any material slowdown. We don't see it in the data, and we don't see it in the marketplace. We started to see it in the data in the fourth quarter of '08, and we certainly were experiencing it in the marketplace. And it was, as I recall, the second week on October of 2008 that we saw a dramatic drop off in demand in the Industrial side. We don't see anything that would indicate that, that type of drop off is out there. And in fact, we don't see a drop-off at this point. So our sense is that we should be performing at reasonable levels at least through the end of this year and on into the early part of next year, and then we'll just have to moderate what's going on and see how we react to whatever may happen, but there's no indication of a slowdown at this point.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, if we look at what those customer sets are going through, obviously, they're under a lot of pressure. So they're going to be looking for the lowest viable cost for any of the product that they might buy from our Automotive business for sure, the heavy duty side of it as well with some of the fleets that they run. So we can see some downward pressure there. At the same time, there's some significant reductions in headcount that are being forced upon those customer sets, some of which may come in areas that we deal with, that might, in fact, moderate some of the downward pressure and maybe we can provide more service or better value for them rather than them doing it themselves. The offset is that they're reducing headcount across their offices as well, and that has an impact on our customer base. We don't sell to any of these people directly, but our customer set does, and demands for them would be off some. So I think it will be perhaps neutral for us on the Automotive side, but somewhat negative on the Office Products side.
Thomas Gallagher: We don't see much happening in the fourth quarter, but we do know that in the first quarter of next year, we will see some more price increases across some of the businesses. But we don't think they're going to be extraordinarily high at this point.
Thomas Gallagher: No, those things ebb and flow. We win some, we lose some and sometimes we win from one and sometimes we lose to one. So I think it's fairly constant and fairly normal to what we've experienced in the past.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, for sure, as we said, 9 of our top 10 industry categories are running up double digit. The one that's not double digit is up 9%, but we've got some really strong things happening in some of the energy-related businesses, some of the infrastructure-type businesses that we're seeing a little bit of positive right now. Anything related to housing is not very strong for us, but the remaining businesses, overall, are performing at a pretty high level historically.
Thomas Gallagher: Anything -- I might mention anything, some of the original equipment manufacturers are doing quite well, and we're benefiting and enjoying some of that success as well. Automotive is good right now because it's coming back off of lower levels from prior years. So it's pretty much across the categories with the exception of housing.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, it's our future acquisition of the 70% will be indirectly tied to CSI improvement, because it's based on earnings. And earnings are going to be driven by improved revenue growth, and that's going to happen because of improved customer satisfaction, perhaps. I'd rather not get into the specifics as to what some of the initiatives are. But I would say to you that some of the things that collectively we and the Exego/Repco management team have talked about as areas of opportunity are being implemented now. And the early results would indicate that we're probably on the right path with some of the things that we're doing.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes. It's not a milk run though, it's hot shot delivery. We, here and there, you've got to able to get a part to your customer within 20 to 30 minutes or there are other options for them. So our emphasis is on making sure that we give that kind of delivery service consistently, day in and day out, week-after-week both here and there.
Jerry W. Nix: John, I don't believe we would leverage the company to do a share repurchase program. We've been doing share repurchases since 1994, and if something dramatic were to happen in our stock to cause a major weakness, certainly that would be an option. But we would be willing to leverage the balance sheet up to make more acquisitions and support the company's growth that way. But I don't think you're going to see us leveraging the balance sheet to increase the share repurchase program.
Jerry W. Nix: Mark, I'll take that. Yes, it did impact our business. We were up slightly in the rebates and allowances in the third quarter compared to third quarter last year. It had an impact in gross margin maybe 10 to 20 basis points, and some of that converged on down to the EBIT margin. As far as your question about us achieving our goal of 8% to 8.5%, you're right, we are getting closer to that goal but that doesn't mean we can't change the goal after we get there, we'll just raise it. And that's just the nature of the beast here, but we certainly want to make sure that we can achieve that 8% to 8.5% operating margin target that we set.
Jerry W. Nix: Ryan, this is Jerry. I'll take that. No -- I'll answer your last question first. It doesn't really have any impact on our position as far as going forward and continuing to make the acquisitions in the categories that we talked about earlier. And yes, there's always an ongoing discussion and a balancing act between the capital of allocated acquisitions and the capital allocated to share repurchases. Our feeling is that we can do both. Our feeling is that doing both is the best way to maximize the shareholder value, and I think that we'll be able to be in a position to do so. But there comes a time sometimes that the Genuine Parts Company is the best acquisition we can make. So that's when we're more aggressive in the share repurchase program. And there's other times that we feel that for longer-term growth, we're going to have to invest in acquisitions and get 1% to 2% top line growth out of those acquisitions. So that's the target for us. I think we can do both. Our plans and structure is to continue to do both.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, we take into consideration all the assumptions that you have to in making a contribution to the pension plan. It is our plans and our intent to keep that pension plan 90% fully funded and meet all of those obligations. We'll just have to wait and see where the market goes and what the assumptions that the actuaries come in with, but our expectation now is that we will make another contribution in 2012, a similar size.
Jerry W. Nix: Thank you, Brooke. We thank each of you for joining us today. We appreciate that, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in the future.
