Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry and Paul. So that's a recap of our first quarter results, and we're pleased to start the year with a solid performance, and we feel that we are positioned to produce another good year in 2012.  As far as the remainder of the year is concerned, we remain comfortable with the full-year revenue guidance that was provided on our February call. At that time, we said that we expected Automotive to be up 5% to 7%, Industrial and the Electrical/Electronic to each be up 8% to 10%, and Office Products to be up 1% to 3%.  Through the first quarter, Automotive is right in, line, Industrial is a bit above, and Office Products and Electrical are each a little bit below. However, we continue to feel that these are generally appropriate expectations at this time, and this would give us a full-year revenue increase of 6% to 8% for the entire company.  On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for earnings per share to be $3.85 to $4. And at this point, we feel that it would be appropriate to raise this to a new range of $3.93 to $4.05, which would be up 10% to 13%.  Additionally, assuming that we close on the Quaker City Motor Parts transaction on May 1 as planned, this would add approximately 1% to the full-year revenue and $0.04 to $0.05 to the earnings numbers.  So that will conclude our planned comments this morning, and we would like to now address any questions that you may have. And we'll turn the call back over to Jodie.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, it will not impact our business in a material way. At this point, we don't see any supply disruption. That's not to say we won't experience some as we move through the next few months. But those 2 product categories are not large categories for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it may have something to do with the financial situation of the consumer, and if they can defer any maintenance type items, they'll defer it. And on the things that we see, the outbound flow, it's largely nondiscretionary and we see the strength there.
Thomas C. Gallagher: The quarter was relatively consistent. The weaker of the 3 months was February. The other 2 months were pretty consistent. And then as far as weather impact, we did see some impact on products like rotating electrical and some under-hood product, but the offset might have been the fact that we really had quite a nice quarter on the retail side. So the mild weather might have actually helped the retail business, in our opinion, anyway.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No. The DIY business, I think you probably will recall, is 20% to 25% of the total business and the remainder of the business is on the commercial side. Our commercial business performed well in the quarter. Additionally, we feel good about the progress that was made, especially as Paul said in our 2 key commercial businesses: Auto Care and major accounts, double-digit increases. So it's just the way the numbers came together.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll try to take it from the latter part back. The product categories that performed well for us in the quarter, quite well, were things like brake products, undercar products, showed good strength as the quarter progressed. And then as I mentioned, things like rotating electrical and some of the underhood categories were softer. But the things that performed pretty well for us were, in our opinion, non-discretionary-type items that are things that needed to be replaced for vehicle safety or performance.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We actually don't have a read on that, Matt. We're anxious to see the reports as they come out from the Megas and see how their contract segments all perform in the North American delivery segments. But you know they strengthened a bit, comparatively speaking, in the fourth quarter. They range from being down 1 flat to up 2, which was a stronger performance than what any other individual companies had experienced prior. So we think that maybe they're doing a pretty good job right now. They're comparing -- in our case, they're comparing against some subdued results in the prior quarter. So we don't know enough about it to know whether this is a trend or whether it's just the way it came together in the quarter.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's a bit premature to try to draw any conclusions like that. The best thing that can happen for the Aftermarket is that when we get into this summer, we get some extreme heat, and that will create some additional demand in the Aftermarket.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll try to take that one, Brian. I'll preface my comments by saying that from an operating point of view, we think the Office Products team has done a terrific job and not just in this quarter but in the past year or so. If we get any kind of top line growth in that business, they're going to do a heck of a job for us. Among the things that they've done a good job on would be managing their margins. They're showing good progress in that initiative. They've done a very good job on expense control in a number of different areas, and we think that, that will continue. And if we can get revenue growth even in the low single-digits with all the good work that's been done over there on all these other categories, I think that the margin will continue to show some improvement for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: If we look at it from a revenue standpoint, of the Aftermarket in North America is a bit healthier heavier than the Aftermarket in that part of the world, but the folks there are doing a good job in view of what the circumstances look like. From an operating standpoint, they continue to do a nice job there as well, so they're performing in line with what our expectations were going into the transaction.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We would think that for the full year, it's going to be positive, not negative, would be our expectation for the full year. And at this point because...
Thomas C. Gallagher: As the year progresses, and I'd say at this point, Mario, well, we think it would be something between 1% and 2% for the full year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: They've got 271 stores that they service, and they've got 6 distribution centers in that mid-Atlantic corridor.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, that's -- I don't believe that statement is accurate. Our Automotive margins, you may recall in prior calls, we said were under pressure. What we've seen is a steady progression, but still not back to the point of stability. And we would expect that we'll see some of that as the year progresses and they're just lagging the other 3 businesses in terms of the progression through this process.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, it's a combination of things. There will be some product line extensions that we think will be beneficial. There's some specific sales initiatives that we prefer not to get into on the call, but some pretty impactful, we think, potentially impactful initiatives that will help us as the year progresses. And we are hoping for some stability in the marketplace. The data that we have would suggest that the Office Products industry still is experiencing modest contraction. So we're hoping to see that turn here in the next quarter or 2 but we're not counting on it necessarily. We're trying to do the things that we have direct control over, but we're not in a position to give out specific sales initiatives.
Jerry W. Nix: Patrick, this is Jerry. I'll take that. Actually, gross margins in the Automotive were not up for the quarter. The other 3 segments' gross margins were all up, and some of that -- the strong operating margin in the Automotive is strictly from the controlling of their SG&A-type expenses. Some of the contribution in the gross margin improvement in our Office Products -- they had a nice increase in gross margin, and they did some year-end buys. And you heard our numbers, they had some inflation in the first quarter, so that improved their gross margin. And we have specific initiatives in all the businesses and they just started to pay off in the first quarter. So we did see the 40-basis-point improvement in gross margin, but that was not a contributing factor to the strong operating margins in Automotive.
Jerry W. Nix: Mike, this is Jerry. We don't have that information to give you, but you're comparing apples and oranges there. We're a wholesaler with local distribution centers, and we continue to push up vendors for extended terms and we'll continue to do so, and some initiative we have there. But we are just going to continue to push it out, and we don't have a specific target. We don't know where it will take us. But every quarter, we try to do better. And I don't think it's reasonable for us to expect to take our terms out as far as some of the retailers have.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, I'd also point out that the cyclicality of their business, the first quarter and the fourth quarter are strongest operating margin quarters. So if we get to the second quarter and they drift under 8%, that doesn't mean that they're not as good a job.
Jerry W. Nix: Couple of things there, Brian. Certainly, we've been conservative with our balance sheet and our cash, knowing that we have the acquisition of Quaker City that we expect to close on May 1. And then we have another acquisition, a smaller one that we're looking at. We will continue to buy shares and our intent for the year is to buy at least enough shares to cover any options that we grant. And the board granted about 1.1 million, 1.2 million shares in options at their last meeting. And so we will still say it is fully our intent to buy at least that many shares in the year. And we do try to buy on pullback, and if we see that we'll be more active than we are at the current time.
Jerry W. Nix: We have not given that information out, Mario, and because it hadn't been determined. There's still due diligence going on. We expect to close at May 1. And we'll have some numbers. They will be in the 10-Q that we file in the Subsequent Events section.
Jerry W. Nix: We're not looking to match them in leverage. We're pleased with our balance sheet. But I would tell you we may have to incur some leverage with the acquisition of Quaker City.
Jerry W. Nix: Jodie, thank you very much. We appreciate your joining us on the call today and we appreciate your continued interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you in our second quarter conference call, if not sooner. Have a good day.
