Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We made significant progress in several important areas during the quarter. Our people, portfolio positioning and operational excellence initiatives are driving results and increased confidence at GPC today. To recap the key messages outlined at the beginning of our call, our teams operated well through the challenges of COVID-19, and we continue to prioritize the safety and well-being of our GPC associates and customers while executing on our growth initiatives with speed and agility. Our second quarter financial performance benefited from improving sales trends in automotive, continued gross margin expansion and transformative cost actions. All of these efforts, coupled with our strong balance sheet, puts us in excellent position to continue to deliver operating margin expansion and strong free cash flow. And finally, with the steps taken to simplify and optimize our portfolio, we move forward as a more streamlined organization, focused on our automotive and industrial operations and with a well-defined strategic growth framework intended to maximize growth and value creation for all stakeholders.  So despite the economic uncertainty, future impact of COVID-19 and pace of recovery, GPC is well positioned and prepared for the various scenarios that may evolve over the near term. We look forward to executing our strategic plans into 2021 and updating you on our progress.  Thank you for your interest in GPC. And with that, we'll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: Mark, this is Paul. We did talk about that, but I'll go ahead and touch on it again. Our sales right now -- and we haven't finalized July, but our sales right now in U.S. automotive are positive in the month of July.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So as we look at the quarter, Mark, our DIY business was down in April, low single digit and then turned to a positive trend in both May and June. Actually, we're up low double digits in both months, and we're seeing that even strengthen further in July. DIFM was down, I think, close to 25% in the month of April. And was down mid- to high-double digits in above May and June.  We are seeing a little bit of a bounce back as we go into July, but it's still trending down a bit. And so as we look at it, Mark, as miles driven begin to bounce back and they will, DIFM is going to bounce back with it. We still firmly believe that our market-leading position in the commercial segment is the place to be, and it best positions NAPA for long-term sustained growth.
Paul Donahue: Yes, sure. So as we've seen in the past couple of quarters, the strongest regions in the quarter were out in the mountain region. So Colorado, Montana, Wyoming, probably the area that was, at that time, least impacted by COVID. The Midwest was strong, again, relatively strong compared to our -- the rest of the results.  And then the areas that were hardest hit, I don't think, Mark, will be a surprise to you, the Northeastern part of the country and then really down the Eastern seaboard. I would point out that as we look across the rest of our business, we saw good growth -- really good growth in Australia, despite the fact that New Zealand was in a full lockdown for the better part of 8 weeks. And we saw a real resurgence in Europe, again, despite the fact that both France and the U.K. were in full lockdown for a portion of the quarter.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So Mike, the NAPA AutoCare program, which we have now approximately 17,000 to 18,000 members in our AutoCare program, is a key component of our commercial business as our -- the major account segment. And then you get into fleet government and the like.  As you can imagine, and as I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, the most challenged was our municipality fleet and government business. AutoCare was better than the fleet business. And AutoCare, of our total U.S. automotive business, is close to 20%, give or take. That business was pressured.  I would say, Mike, what we are pleased with is that we worked with our AutoCare centers as we did with many of our independent NAPA jobbers to secure PPP funding. We worked very closely with them. So those businesses are financially sound. And as miles driven begins to bounce back, again, we have no doubt that business will bounce back as well.
Paul Donahue: Yes, very consistent in terms of the performance, Mike, and -- with our NAPA jobbers. And certainly, there's outliers as we look around the country. What -- the trends that we're seeing in our -- with our NAPA jobber base is that, certainly, those NAPA jobbers who are larger, better funded, strong entrepreneurs, they're getting bigger and they're acquiring more and more stores, and they're performing just fine. In total, we have approximately 3,000 independent owners that own our 5,000 independent stores.  So the bigger owners, again, as I mentioned, we work closely with to ensure they secured PPP funding. And the majority all did and are in financial leader in good shape. And again, as we emerge from the pandemic, cars get back on the road, our jobbers are going to be just fine.
Paul Donahue: Well, well, we don't believe it's a market share issue. I'll just make that comment right upfront, Christian. We -- look, they had strong results, which -- congrats to the guys in green. What -- the way we look at that is it's just further indication of the opportunities that we've got for growth in the aftermarket despite the pandemic that we're all operating in, and it bodes well for us over time.  As we see what's occurred in this quarter, certainly, the surge in DIY, there's a lot of stimulus dollars out there. There's a lot of folks who have a lot of time on their hand. We still believe, as I mentioned earlier, the place to be in this -- in the automotive aftermarket is in the commercial segment, and we think that will hold up well for us in the long run.  As we look at our competition, and it's certainly in the big 4. And I'll just remind you, Christian, the big 4 represent about 35% of the industry, maybe 35% to 40%. Our model is different. We're 80% DIFM and just 20% on the DIY side. So we're a different model than what our competitors are. And I would point out that in the month of July, we are seeing our DIFM business begin to recover and come back. And we do firmly believe that as miles driven come back, that we'll continue to see improvement in our DIFM business.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Yes, Daniel. So what the new normal looks like is anybody's guess at this point. But look, we -- as we look across the automotive aftermarket, and I look at the fundamentals that we have with the average age of the vehicle now moving up to 11.9 years, gasoline prices are down 20% year-over-year. What we see with folks that are going to be, I think, very reluctant as we've -- as -- to jump back on airplanes and travel either on business or vacation, we believe that more and more folks will be utilizing their vehicles.  So look, eventually, we do believe that we'll get back to those miles-driven numbers that we have seen and enjoyed in recent years. But it will most likely take a bit of time. But in the meantime, we're enjoying a nice -- a very nice bump in our retail business, like our competitors are. And we're very pleased with the increases we're seeing outside of the U.S. So I mentioned our business in Australia and New Zealand had just a spectacular quarter. And we've seen a real nice bounce back in Europe as well as they reopen their markets. So all in all, the fundamentals are solid. And we continue to be incredibly bullish about the automotive aftermarket.
Paul Donahue: Yes. It's incredibly heavy on the DIFM side, Daniel, you're spot on. It's 95%, basically, DIFM. Certainly, a good bit of the bounce back is pent-up demand. But what we are encouraged is that the surge that we saw in June has carried over into the month of July. And as I look at our strategy when we entered Europe 2-plus years ago, we're -- our strategy was launching private label. We're in the throes of launching NAPA, as I mentioned, across all of our markets. We've expanded our footprint into the Netherlands, which is a great market for us. We've expanded our footprint in Germany as well.  We've strengthened our management team. We've captured improved payment terms as we've leveraged our relationships with our big global suppliers. We are right on track to deliver on the cost savings that we committed to 3 years ago. And finally, what's exciting as well, Daniel, is that we're in the very early days of developing our online/omnichannel strategy for Europe. And again, we think that will bode well for us as we go forward. So we continue to be very optimistic about our position in that really fragmented market.
Paul Donahue: Yes. And I appreciate you -- I appreciate the question on industrial, Daniel. It's a really important segment for us. It's a great business that we have at Motion as well as now MI Asia Pac. And I would mention before I go to the U.S., our business in Australia and New Zealand and Southeast Asia, again despite the shutdown in New Zealand, is performing quite well, surpassing our numbers here in the U.S., and we're seeing real strength in the mining sector over in that part of the world.  Here in the U.S., what we are seeing an improved trend in July versus what we saw across Q2, we're still down, but we are seeing that trend improve. And what we believe we're going to see happen, Daniel, is that we're seeing right now, factories begin to reopen. Plants are reopening. Some of our big customers are beginning to release CapEx orders that have been on hold. We're seeing the leading indicators, PMI and industrial production showing improved numbers.  So look, industrial has lagged the automotive recovery, which we fully expected, we've seen that in the past. But we do believe that we'll see continued improvement in our numbers throughout Q3 as well as Q4 in the industrial segment as factories continue to reopen.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Well, thanks for the question, Mitch. And I appreciate you bringing up our digital initiatives. Sparesbox, as you mentioned, was a great acquisition for us and a very timely acquisition given what's transpired with the pandemic. And in our Australian business, we've seen a 300% lift. We've been -- and what we are doing, Mitch, is utilizing the skill sets that we've acquired at Sparesbox. They're teaming up with our digital team here in North America. And ultimately, we'll be partnering with our teams in Europe to bring much of that expertise to the European market as well.  We've -- a couple of things that I would point out that we've launched. I know I talked about curb side pick up, ship to home, buy online, pick up in store. Most of the things that other businesses are doing around the world, we've also improved. And I think one of the real key factors for us is we've improved our search capabilities across all of our businesses. And we've also delivered new apps for product recommendations. So a number of factors that are leading to really solid, solid growth. And we've also, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we've improved and enhanced our online initiative at Motion as well. So we're very pleased. We've got a great team on the digital side, and we're very bullish on that segment as we move ahead.
