Tom Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry. Well, that recaps our third quarter and nine month results and with the year-to-date sales up 11% and earnings up 20%, we feel that the GPC team has done a good job both on the operating side, as well as on the balance sheet side over the first three quarters of the year and we’re proud of their efforts. Now, as far as the final quarter of the year is concerned, we would expect fourth quarter revenues to be up in the 9% to 11% range and that would put us up 10% to 11% for the year, which is an increase from our prior guidance. At the same time, we need to raise our full year earnings guidance going from $2.70 to $2.80 that was given at the end of the second quarter to $2.90 to $2.95 and we think this is more appropriate now. At the $2.90 to $2.95 level this would put us up 16% to 18% for the year, which we think would represent a pretty good performance by the GPC team. At this point, we’d like to open up the call to your individual questions and we’ll turn it back over to Teresa.
Tom Gallagher: Well, maybe we’ll take them in reverse order. In terms of the fleet, our fleet business really suffered last year as you may recall and we started to see a little bit of improvement in the first quarter. And then we saw sequentially further improvement in the second and on into the third quarter. We’re still only growing at mid single digits but certainly much better than what we experienced last year. We look at different indices but one of the things we track is truck tonnage and truck tonnage last year was down 8%. We saw it finish the year in the fourth quarter flat then it was up about 4.5% in the first quarter and then through mid year it was up about 9.1% in the second quarter. So we see that as a positive and what we hear anecdotally from our people is that that should continue at least to be in a modest growth pattern for us over the remainder of the year. Retail business in the second and third quarters was better than what it was in the first quarter. And we like some of the things we see with some of the initiatives that our merchandising team is doing right now. So we think that one will continue to perform at a reasonable level for us. The commercial business has actually gotten progressively stronger as the year has gone on and that’s especially true in our two primary commercial programs, NAPA AutoCare and major account. And we just couldn’t be any proud of the job that our people are doing on the commercial side of the business. We were up 9% in both the second and third quarter. And we think that’s pretty good growth on the base that we have in the commercial business. And we’re optimistic that we can stay in and around that number going forward.Austin Paul – RBC Capital Markets: Great. Thanks very much. 
Tom Gallagher: For Automotive for the quarter, fourth quarter, we’re talking or thinking 6 to 8%. For the Industrial business, we’re thinking 18 to 22%. For the Office Products, flat to just up a bit, couple of points and then for the Electrical business, we’re thinking 25 to 30%.Elizabeth Lane – Bank of America: Great. Thanks very much.
Tom Gallagher: I can’t give you the dollar amount but I can tell you that it clipped our, what we call our cleaning and breakroom supply category by 6 or 7% of growth that carried over last year into October and the early part of November. But the fourth quarter will be significantly less of a challenge than the second and third quarters were.Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Great. That’s all I have. Thank you.
Tom Gallagher: I can’t give it to you Q3 versus Q2 but I can give it to you for the year.Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: And that would be great.
Jerry Nix: Difficult question to answer, Tony, some of it is permanent in nature because the rationalization of facilities and so forth. I don’t see us aggressively adding back. We’re going to resist adding back and we’ll add back as we have to if we see that we have service levels and so forth. But I know our folks out running these businesses are very cognizant of that and expense great and we talk about that at each of our meetings. So I would not expect to see a big pick back up in our SG&A. I think that from a percent of sales basis, we will continue to show improvement, $75million last year that we took out, we thought that we might add maybe $20 to $25 of that back this year. But that we didn’t project the revenue growth being as strong in Industrial and Electrical as it is. So it may be a little north of that but at this point, I think we’ll continue to resist adding any of those expenses back and only put them back in when we have to.Tony Cristello – BB&T Capital Markets: Okay. Great. Thank you very much guys.
Jerry Nix: Matt, it is built in, we’re assuring, we are projecting some increase because business is up but we’re continuing to decrease the inventory in the Industrial sector at the same time. I would say if you look at the improvement in the Industrial profits that probably a third of their improvements has come from the improved incentives, a third of them from just pure leverage and a third of them from those permanent cost reductions that we talked about. So we will have some lift in the incentives for the year, simply because of stronger revenue growth but I can’t quantify that for you at this time. I would say a third, a third, a third is probably a pretty good breakdown if you look at that profit improvement.
Jerry Nix: We could be down probably $40 to $50 million there in Industrial and in Office Products maybe flat to up a little bit, Automotive maybe flat to up or down a little bit. So in total, we’ll still have an inventory decrease for the year but the significant decrease will be in the Industrial sector.
Jerry Nix: Well, as far as the known adjustments, Matt, I’d say we’re done but, you know, we found ourselves not being on the top of our game when we got into this a little over a year ago. So our folks are very, very vigilant right now, just watching what’s going on. I don’t know of anything currently that is in need of any adjustments. So I’d say that we’ve cycled the ones that we knew we had to do and what we’re seeing now is pretty much a comp performance year-over-year.
Jerry Nix: Matt, we will still be acquiring our stock. We have a couple of acquisitions that we hope may come to fruition between now and the end of the year or the first part of 2011. Our position has always been that we try to buy on weakness and our stock has moved up here in the second -- in the third quarter. So we didn’t jump in and buy a lot of it. But if the stock stabilizes at a certain price and then it starts to back off. And our pattern has been that we’ll go back in and then buy off the weakness of that higher level. But we continued to view the stock as favorable and, frankly, if you look at the cash that we have and what we are earning on cash today with a dividend yield of about 3.5, 4%, then that’s a proper thing to do. But we’re being deliberate and trying to balance that against acquisitions.
Jerry Nix: No, Greg, rebates play a factor into that but our gross margin is under pressure in all of our businesses, Office Products and the Automotive and it’s driven by a lot of things, customer mix and competitive situations. You know, at the second quarter call, someone asked the question about how strong we were in the fourth quarter operating margin last year and that was a one-time large LIFO adjustment within the Industrial sector. I think if you look forward, we made sequential improvement in our gross margin each quarter this year. We will not make that improvement in the fourth quarter. I think you can project out that we will be in 29.5 to 30% gross operating -- gross margin for the fourth quarter.
Jerry Nix: Actually, the receivables in total up, 12 on that 13% sales increase. But basically what happened is each one of them up a little bit in line with our revenue growth. You know, most of the time, receivables kind of play into whatever the last month’s sales growth was. And we had a strong sales month in September, so receivables are pretty much in line -- in each of the segments in line with the sales growth.
Jerry Nix: Yeah. I think Tom did that. But yeah, I think we got -- you’re talking about going into 2011?Scott Stember – Sidoti & Company: Yeah.
Jerry Nix: Hi.Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: Thank you again for the color regarding priority of cash deployment. I was curious as to what you’re seeing regarding behavior of targets from an acquisition standpoint, whether you’re seeing multiples potentially coming in or pricing becoming more attractive and that allowing you to become a little more aggressive in the coming quarters.
Jerry Nix: What we have, Brian, we had four-tenth of a percent in Automotive with one-tenth percent of that coming in Q3. Okay. Then in the Industrial side, we had 2.1 for the ninth months and 1.2% of that coming in the third quarter. And then Office Products was flat and at three-tenth of 1% and then the Electrical Group had 3.6 for the nine months with 1.3% of that coming in the third quarter.Brian Sponheimer – Gabelli & Company: All right. That’s great. Thank you very much. Nice quarter.
Jerry Nix: I’ll take that in reverse order. The pension, we don’t -- do not need to and will not make another contribution in 2010. The size of the contribution that we’ll be required to make in 2011, if any, will be dependent upon an actuarial calculation. And it frankly will be dependent upon a return of assets, the pension plan earned in 2010 and be dependent upon the discount rates that nobody knows where that will be at year end. So that one is low too much up in the air to give you an answer.
Jerry Nix: So, we’ll make the required contributions whatever actuarially they come in and tell us that we need to make. And then your question about the incentives, just tell you how that works and what we do basically is we project out what we think the purchases of each of the business units are going to be for the full year. And then based upon the inventory turnover, how much of that would be required to be left into your -- in the value of the inventory. Then the difference there, we take that and we have to go through it and allocate out what we think will be an equal distribution for each of the four quarters. We do the best we can there. And our audit firm comes in and reviews that behind us. But at the end of the day, that’s still an estimate. And so our folks that negotiate these plans with our suppliers based on percentages of what their purchases are and that’s all determined by how good business is and how we manage our inventory levels. But I can’t really tell you each quarter how much that is or isn’t at this point. I hope that answered your question.
Jerry Nix: We appreciate all of you joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward to talking to you when we have our year end and fourth quarter results. Have a good day.
