Thomas Gallagher: Well, that's fair and true. The first half of July, things look about like they did through the second quarter.
Thomas Gallagher: No. Our results actually were fairly consistent through the quarter. We did not see any spikes or any big peaks or valleys. We just think, in looking at the outbound sales flow, that it is more tied to consumer spending and to discretionary items.
Thomas Gallagher: I think to a degree, yes. We actually feel that we started to recapture some of the market share in 2010. And I just think our people have done a really good job in executing the strategies that they have to continue to have a strong presence on the commercial side of the business. I think our execution is quite good right now.
Thomas Gallagher: Chris, one additional comment. The first quarter in the Industrial business is generally a lower operating margin quarter. Last year in the first quarter, we were at 6.1%, this year, 6.6% and then sequentially, the quarters get a little bit stronger as the year progresses. So the main thing for us and the focus of the management team is to keep the revenue line strong and continue to show quarter-over-quarter operating margin improvement.
Thomas Gallagher: No. In fact, we had a lot of consistency in all 4 of the businesses through the quarter. And in fact, the overall company, on a per day basis, we were up 12% in April, we were up 11% in May and we're up 12% in June, so quite stable.
Thomas Gallagher: No, we're still operating off of the same data point that you are, so we don't have anything more current than that. And the only thing we can look at, at this point is, like on the retail side, we can see the slowdown in the discretionary items. And we know anecdotally in talking to our commercial customers that the consumer is getting the absolute needed repairs. But they're trying to defer as much as they can at the time or currently. But that's about as much as we know at this moment.
Thomas Gallagher: I'd say that for the past 6 to 9 months, the opportunities, I think, have been relatively constant. We have discussions going on. We've been able to do 2, get 2 completed thus far this year. We may or may not be able to get any more completed, but there are discussions that are going on. And we think the environment is going to remain about where it is or perhaps it might get a little bit better.
Thomas Gallagher: No, not materially. We look at the same data points that we've looked at historically. We do try to stay in close communication with our customer base on a plant-by-plant basis to find out what their order backlogs look like and what their expectations are. The combination of those 2 would suggest to us right now that our business, the end market will remain quite healthy as we go through the remainder of this year. The government came out just this morning with the June industrial production and capacity utilization numbers, and they were very good and very steady. So we feel good about the second half of the year in the Industrial business.
Thomas Gallagher: No. I think the first part of the question: Is it is sustainable? We feel yes. We feel that the independent operators are cautiously optimistic about the outlook over the next couple of quarters. The main concern is job creation in the Office Products business, and we have seen some thus far this year, and that follows a pattern that we saw develop in 2010. And as long as that continues, I think that part of the business should remain in line with where it is currently.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I think our advertising over the past several quarters has been sharper and more effective than prior to that, so I give our team their high marks. I think our e-commerce initiatives, which we don't talk about too much, but I think that they've done quite good over the past couple of quarters. And our teams are working on story sets and new planograms and the things that we normally do on an ongoing basis. And I think we're pleased with what's been done. We don't think they're reflective -- we don't think our results are reflective of the good work that's been done in these areas. And hopefully, as things stabilize somewhat and we get a little bit more discretionary spending, then we'll see the results reflected in our retail business.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, prior to the second week of October in 2009, we would've said it would be a very gradual -- or 2008, I should say, would be a very gradual change. But we saw in the fourth quarter of 2008, we saw a very quick drop-off, but that was during the financial crisis, as you’ll recall. Right now, we would think and expect that it will be more gradual and we'll have several points of indication as we go into a slower period. And we don't see any evidence of that right now.
Thomas Gallagher: We don't really know. We get asked this question a lot quite honestly, and we read and hear the same media reports that you do. There does seem to be a disconnect between what we read and hear and what we're experiencing in the marketplace. And we try to just keep our teams focused on the opportunities that we have in the marketplace and filter out some of the negative things that we continue to read and hear about. We don't want to be immune to them, but at the same time, there are plenty of opportunities yet before us in each of our 4 businesses. And for us, the key is just to continue to execute as well as we have been.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, the competitive environment is about as it has been, and it's probably the way it's going to be, and that it is it's a competitive industry and we just have to learn how to operate effectively in that environment. As far as our price positioning, I think that our price positioning is better than what it was back in 2009 and the early part of 2010. Our teams are very, very focused on watching what's happening in the marketplace and reacting on an ongoing basis to what's happening in the marketplace. But we don't see any material changes on the horizon, up or down. Our expectation is that it will continue to be as competitive as it has been.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, there is a mix factor in there. There are certain product categories that have different gross profit contribution, and as we get more revenue growth from some of those categories, that has an impact on the overall gross profit. There are also customer categories that have different gross profit contribution. I think Jerry made a comment in his remarks that we're doing very good business with major accounts throughout all of our businesses. And generally speaking, the gross margins are a little lower on those, but the dollar volumes are significantly higher. So it's a combination of product category and customer category shifting.
Thomas Gallagher: Yes, that's not a -- that's a big business in total, but it's not a high percentage of our total volume.
Thomas Gallagher: Well, I mentioned in my comments more broadly speaking that NAPA AutoCare and major accounts are both growing in low double-digits, and we're getting nice growth in those 2 important parts of our commercial business. And then as far as we are selling, it's more car parts, it's more critical components. As these vehicles continue to age, they're experiencing higher frequency and also a greater demand for repair parts, and I think we're benefiting some from that.
Thomas Gallagher: We would expect price increases to be a bit above where we are by the end of the year, a bit above the second quarter numbers by year end. As far as what we're hearing from vendors, we have a lot of discussions with the vendors, and they continue to think that they need some price increases. Our posture on that is we're fine with that, provided that we don't lose competitive positioning and provided also that they're applied simultaneously across all of their customer segments. So we may see -- we will see those numbers go up a bit, but I don't know that they would double between now and year end.
Jerry Nix: Chris, this is Jerry. No, the latter part of that question, no LIFO in that second quarter number. There certainly is some impact on the vendor rebates. We expect, and just because revenue is better, that we'll have a better year overall in rebates and so -- or up slightly in rebates in the second half. How sustainable is that? Longer-term, we've stated that our goal is to get the operating margins for the Industrial back to the 8%, 8.5% range. And with the sales strength that they've had in the last 18 months, we think we can achieve that this year, unless something falls off dramatically here in the second half. But we feel good about what we're seeing in the Industrial side at this point.
Jerry Nix: No, a combination of both. There are some seasonality, but one the first quarter was a phenomenal -- phenomena, as you call it. And I think we're going to be in the 8% to 8.5% range. But as things continue to improve in the Industrial side, we won't tell them to stop at 8.5%. If we continue to show strong revenue and get the rebate levels back to where they were, then we can sustain that so.
Jerry Nix: Scot, historically, we have tracked the Industrial production and manufacturing capacity utilization numbers with a 6- to 9-month time lag. And that's been over numerous cycles into and out of slowdowns. So you do normally have -- with that one exception Tom mentioned, you do have some indication and some time that you can adjust.
Jerry Nix: Keith, I'll take that. No, there's not. And all of our business units have been under gross margin pressure, and they all need to improve and they all have individual and specific plans to improve. But no, you can't look at any one segment and say the improvement overall came from that segment.
Jerry Nix: I don't think so. The initiative is the same regardless of the volume. And we would not expect to see it hampered. If it is, we'd be disappointed.
Jerry Nix: Yes, the $20 million is from the current year. And every year, we go in with some cost-saving initiatives, and that's what we've accomplished thus far. And the $55 million, you're right, is from the '08, '09 time period.
Jerry Nix: Mike, let me just point out, there's a danger in saying that the price increases average out to 2%. You got Automotive at 1.4% and they represent 50% of our revenue, and you got Electrical at 3.6% and they represent 4% of our revenue. So I just caution you that it's not quite straightforward as that.
Jerry Nix: Yes, it is a combination of all of that, Mike. The rebate certainly helped the Industrial side some. We do have the pricing software that we're working into the Automotive side. We've previously done that in the Office Products side. So it's a combination of a lot of things, and it's buy side and sell side and it's product mix, customer mix. There's a lot of tweaking, and that's why it takes some time to get gross margin turn around to start to improve. So it is a combination of all of those things. But you're right, the rebates did help show some improvement in the Industrial side.
Jerry Nix: Yes, if you look at this point last year, that change there was a source of cash. And this year, it's a use of cash. And we were down at June 30 last year at 2% in inventory, and we're up 4% in inventory this year. And then we were also, last year, I think, the receivable was up 9% and you have 16%. And I think you'll see some further improvement in that inventory number, as well as receivables. We're comfortable that the $700 million in cash from operations, that we'll be able to achieve that.
Jerry Nix: David, thank you for your job on the call today, and we appreciate all of those that did call in. We appreciate everybody's ongoing continued support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you, if not sooner, on our third quarter conference call.
