Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Jerry and Paul. So that's a recap of our second quarter results. And as said at the outset, although we did see some deceleration in our overall revenue growth, we feel that our team operated well with sales up 5%, net income up 11%, operating profit up 10% and operating margin improvement of 40 basis points. And as Jerry just covered, good work was done on the balance sheet side as well in the areas of inventory, accounts receivable, payables and working capital. So from an overall perspective, we feel that we had a reasonably good performance in the second quarter. And with revenue up 6% for the first half and earnings per share up 14%, we're positioned to have another good year in 2012. Now as far as the full year outlook is concerned, our expectation at this time for the full year is that Automotive will end the year with 5% to 7% revenue increase, Industrial will be up 8% to 10%, Office Products will be between down 1% and up 1% and the Electrical/Electronic will be up 6% to 8%. And in total, this would give GPC a combined revenue increase of 6% to 8% for the year. On the earnings side, our prior guidance was for earnings per share to be in the $3.93 to $4.05 range. At this point, we feel that an expectation of $4 to $4.10 is appropriate. This includes the recently completed Quaker City acquisition, and it would give us an EPS increase of 12% to 15% for the year. So that will conclude our prepared remarks. And at this point, we'd like to address your questions, and we'll turn the call back over to Amy.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Chris, I'll try to answer that. The June results were the strongest in the quarter, as Paul mentioned, and I think your range is close. As far as any impact from the heat, we did see a little bit in the very end of the month of June, and then we think we see some further impact in the early reports in July. I might also tell you anecdotally that in talking with a number of our really good commercial accounts, they saw the same pattern in the quarter that we saw in the early part of July. The indication we're getting from them is that the big account is stronger, and they're seeing a little bit of a pickup in their business, which I think is probably reflected in our business as well.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we can really answer that. I think we'll just -- we'll all have to look at what happens over the next 90 days or so.
Thomas C. Gallagher: In terms of the quarterly trends, the numbers were pretty consistent on a per day basis as we worked our way through the quarter, so we didn't see much fluctuation at all. Yes, we did have deceleration but we also -- as I mentioned in the comments, we were going up against a very strong quarter last year, when we were up 19%. So at this point, we guided to 8% to 10% for the full year. And I think we're pretty comfortable with that guidance, which would indicate that our revenues will hold pretty steady over the remainder of the year. And keep in mind, we were up 19% in revenue in this business last year as well, so the comps continue to be challenging.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Mario, going back -- excuse me, Mario, but going back to your prior question, there are 155.1 million shares outstanding currently.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll take them in reverse order. It is baked into the $60 million to $70 million. And then in terms of their performance, they're performing pretty much as they said they would and in line with our expectations, so we're pleased with what's happening there right now.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we would not discuss specific initiatives on the call, but we can tell you that there are certain actions that are being taken to try to capture additional share in what is really a very challenging marketplace. We are dependent upon job creation, reduction in office vacancies and just the general overall improvement in the economy. But we have some very specific revenue initiatives that we hope will give us a little tiny bit of lift as we work our way through the remainder of the year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think what we said, Matt, is we gave you 2 sets of numbers, one without and one with. I believe that's right. And what we're trying to do is clear up any confusion. So what guidance we've given you this time of $4 to $4.10 would include Quaker and going forward, we'll only give you one set of numbers.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think you're right. The only thing I'd like to have Sid get back to you on is the year-to-date because Quaker started to flow through May 1. So I think we'd like to double check and balance with you subsequent to the call.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think there may be a little bit of that, Matt, but the folks are largely buying that product category direct ...
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, we didn't break that out. But I can tell you that if we look at the core office supplies and we break out the impact of the decline in paper, our core office supplies would have been modestly positive.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think you're a little bit high there. I think in a prior call, we had guided of $0.03 to $0.05 accretive for the year. I think that was either in our year-end call in February or in our April call.
Thomas C. Gallagher: At this point, I think we'd just say that we think we'll see some modest increase in the pricing as the year progresses, but we're not in a position to really give you a more precise number. I don't -- Paul, if you have a better feel for it.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We've not seen it, Brian. Our battery business is actually good. We don't see any evidence of any inventory build. We think that with our system, it's basically flow-through. So at this point, we feel pretty good about the progress to date and what the outlook is. And as long as the heat continues, it ought to continue to pull batteries all the way.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, this -- what interested us in Quaker City primarily is the fact that they were the last of the non-GPC owned NAPA member. So we've now completed the circuit, and there aren't any other NAPA distributors that would be out there for sale. There might be some other businesses that we could have an interest in prospectively, but they won't be in that range. They'll be smaller businesses if we find any that we think make sense for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, the ticket value was actually up a bit. The ticket count was basically flat for the DIFM side. So we had to -- we actually had increased ticket values on both the retail and the commercial side. We were basically flat in number of tickets on the commercial. We were down in number of tickets on retail.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, you look at consumer sentiment and its decline for the past 4 months. If you look at overall retail sales, they've been softening for the past couple of months, and I think there's just a general uneasiness or malaise among the consumer right now that I think perhaps had an impact. We are somewhat encouraged by the reports coming out that say that they expect back-to-school to be reasonably good this year. And hopefully, that's going to translate into some increased purchasing of some of the things we sell as well as consumers start to move beyond the period we're in right now.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, there was very little impact from the heat in June. We did get some benefit in the very last days. But any impact from the heat, I think, will be more evident in the July numbers. And then in terms of the comparative between June and the first quarter, June was still not as strong as the overall first quarter but it was the best month of the second quarter.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we didn't see any sequential change through the quarter. Our numbers were pretty consistent as we progressed through the quarter. But we did see the sequential change at quarter end, with first quarter being up 12% and second quarter being up 8%.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I want to go back and correct one thing. I misspoke when I said in line with what we saw in the first quarter. July is in line with what we saw in the second quarter. So I just want to clear that up. As far as the industrial production capacity utilization, that's usually a 6- to 9-month indicator for us -- leading indicator. And with what we saw earlier this week, historically, that would tend to indicate that the next 2 quarters should be pretty decent for us.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think Paul covered in his comments that on the retail sales, we were down 2% in the quarter. On the commercial side, we were up 3% in the quarter. Both of which were softer than what we experienced in the first quarter. I think it's hard to try to compare Snap-on's results with our results in the sense that they're heavily concentrated on handheld diagnostic equipment, heavily concentrated with hand tools. And that's just a small part of our business. I will tell you that our tool and equipment business was good in the quarter. So we feel that the team made good progress there. But I don't think you can try to compare directly what happens with Snap-on and what happens with us. And by the way, we've got a very high regard for the job that they do. They're a good company, and they perform well.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think we'd go quite that far. I think what we would say is that we came through the first quarter and the prior 8 quarters with pretty good results. We saw deceleration in demand in the second quarter. It appears that, that's indicative of what happened in the overall industry. We think the underlying fundamentals are quite positive now frankly. We think perhaps some of the softness in the second quarter could be attributed to a milder winter, maybe we pulled some sales into the first quarter. And then also we think some of the softness might be attributed to what we've seen generally in retail sales moderating in the quarter and consumer sentiment moderating in the quarter. Our expectation is that the second half of the year should be relatively good for us, and we don't see any deterioration in the underlying fundamentals in the industry. We feel good about it.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, our fuel costs would be down. So from an operating margin standpoint, that would be helpful. It's a recent phenomenon but it is, in fact, helping at this point.
Mario Joseph Gabelli: So that's higher than the average? No, I got you. 156.8 million was the weighted average for the 6 months. I'm just looking at actual...
Mario Joseph Gabelli: No, no problem. When you say legal and professionals fees were stepped up during the quarter, is that aborted deal fees or is that just looking at other acquisitions that didn't get capitalized or how does that ...
Mario Joseph Gabelli: Such is life. And they also did MAP-21. And I don't want to get into MAP-21 on this call, so I'll do it off-line on that in terms of the implications for your pension expense in cash, okay, defined benefits and whatever.
Jerry W. Nix: It's a combination of those -- our legal fees in some of the claims are there, but if there's a lot of these legal fees that are associated with these acquisitions and some other acquisitions we may have looked at and not done. And so there's nothing to set up.
Jerry W. Nix: Not that I'm aware of. Now keep in mind, one of the proposals at one point was that they do away with LIFO.
Jerry W. Nix: Yes. I don't know that we can expect that strength to continue, but there are a number of things that happened there. And we've taken a lot of costs out of our Automotive operations back during the recession. Those costs have not been added back in as revenue has grown. And we also -- a part of that is we picked up some profit from the Quaker City sales that were not in the prior year numbers. I would tell you though that the Exego acquisition that we have is not included in our Automotive numbers. It's included in corporate, that minority interest, the 30% that we pick up there. So it's not in the Automotive number, but just basically a good job of operating to get those back up to 9.3% in the second quarter. But I think more realistic number would be the 8.5% that we have achieved for the 6 months.
Jerry W. Nix: No, it was not in the 5% to 7%. So we're trying to accommodate the slowing that everyone is seeing in the automotive aftermarket by including this in the new 5% to 7%.
Jerry W. Nix: Basically, it was a neutral number in Q1. I'll tell you that overall, the impact on Automotive sales were a little more than 1% in the quarter due to currency. And in our whole company, it was just under 1% impact due to currency. So currency was a factor. We don't bring that up normally, and we didn't bring it up. That play was helping us last year and the year before and we just prefer not to bring it up this time, but we have to explain the slowness that we saw there.
Jerry W. Nix: Matt, I'm not sure that I can get into particular product categories with you. But in total, at the end of the first quarter, we had a negative 0.2% in automotive, and then so we had a positive 0.2% in the second quarter to be flat for the 6 months.
Jerry W. Nix: Mike, I don't think that's right. We'll have clear guidance on that in our third quarter conference call. But at this point, we're not looking to make any contribution in the remainder of this year to the pension plan, and we're trying to evaluate what the contribution for the first part of 2013 would be.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, I might clarify, I just want to go to a couple of questions come up in the past. We did not sell into Quaker City, and we did not compete against Quaker City. They had territory that we didn't sell into, and so that's just pure geographic expansion for us.
Jerry W. Nix: No, I don't think it -- it doesn't have that major of an impact on the Automotive side. It looked like in total company, our volume incentive rebates were up about 2% for the 6 months. And I would say that, that's probably going to be what it's going to be for the full year. I mean that basically is how we do it. We're projecting for the full year, and we have to take a portion of those each quarter. So we had a 2% increase for the first 6 months.
Jerry W. Nix: You can't expect those kind of margins going forward. That's highest margins in their history. I think some place between -- and our target has been to get them up to 8%, and that probably is in your modeling going forward. But it's just blocking and tackling. There's not any silver bullet that's going to get out of -- get their operating margins up.
Jerry W. Nix: Now the Electrical side are pretty steady throughout the entire month, the 3 months in the second quarter, running basically at 10%, 9%, 10% and so forth. So there wasn't any pickup in Electrical towards the end of the quarter.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, Amy, thank you. And we thank each of you for joining us on the call today. We appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you in our third quarter conference call, if not before.
Matthew J. Fassler: Got it. So sort of the underlying, if Quaker is going to add 3-ish percent on the year, the underlying is sort of 2% to 4% more or less, if that's about the right call. And I guess year-to-date on an organic basis, you're 6% and then you were 2% so you're running roughly 4%. Is that the way of looking at your organic number? Because we try to model organic plus Quaker, and I want to make sure we're thinking about it the right way.
Matthew J. Fassler: No, I agree that it's material. And on pricing being flat at Automotive, what would you say -- and I frankly don't recall the number that you stated at the end of Q1. What would you say the trends are as they relate to inflation impact on petrol-driven goods and also, I guess, the metal component and any other factors? I'm not sure if it's all commodity prices or if there's any competitive dynamic at play.
Matthew J. Fassler: Got it, so price is moving in the right direction. And then finally, on office supply, it's interesting that your business is improving with the Megas. And I guess my question relates to the break room business. Obviously, they're all very focused on that business. Do you over index with the Megas in break room? It's a new business for them. Maybe their vendor relationships aren't as developed and they're depending more on you to fund that business or back them up in that business, if you will, than they would in their traditional businesses. I'm wondering if that might be part of the -- that might be part of what's helping to improve the business there.
Paul D. Donahue: Mike, I would just say that at this point, we saw a couple of increases come through in the first half on some significant product categories. But right now, there's really nothing pending and nothing that we're expecting in terms of additional price increases coming our way.
Paul D. Donahue: Brian, this is Paul. I would also just add on the battery business, our battery business is pretty good right now. And we have a major promotion going right now benefiting the Intrepid Wounded Warrior Fund that's out there in the marketplace, and we've gotten great playoff. And our battery business is pretty good right now.
Paul D. Donahue: And Richard, let me -- this is Paul -- just a further comment on that. I just want to make sure that -- we haven't seen the kind of drops in diesel as we are in basic unleaded fuel at the consumer gas pump. So we're -- there's really 2 different measurements there.
