Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. We entered April well underway in our preparedness plans to protect our employees, customers and communities while also continuing to serve our customers and creating value for all of our stakeholders. Throughout the month, we were focused on the controlled execution of these plans and would highlight several key points. To date, we have been fortunate to have very few known COVID-19 cases among our 55,000 employees. A testament to the enhanced safety protocols we have implemented in our distribution centers, branches, stores and offices. Our operations are essential to our customers and remain substantially open across business segments and geographies. Our teams have been diligent and more frequent in their communications with employees and our supplier and customer partners. Our teams have been innovative in implementing new services that have proven valuable in driving sales. We have effectively realigned our capital allocation priority by reducing our capital expenditures and suspending share repurchases and M&A, while remaining committed to the dividend. And we have worked with our banks and other financial partners for additional forms of financing and amended debt covenants to provide ample liquidity through the crisis. Working together as one team, we believe the steps we are taking to stabilize our business in these unprecedented times, will position the company for strong sales and earnings growth as we exit this global pandemic. We acknowledge the unprecedented near-term challenges that we must navigate and corresponding hard work in front of us. With that said, we remain optimistic about the future as we’ve had significant learnings from the current business conditions. And the industry fundamentals across our automotive and industrial operations are strong and supportive of sustained long-term growth. The circumstances of COVID-19 have required us to assess and build on our existing capabilities. And in addition to our immediate crisis response actions, each business team has developed strategic recovery plans, that detail strategic investment and productivity priorities that we believe will accelerate our momentum following the crisis. We have also accelerated the urgency and traction of various transformation initiatives that were in process while identifying others as well. This has led us to consider actions to further optimize our portfolio, such as exiting underperforming operations and improve our operational profitability, such as with our cost savings initiatives. Additionally, we discovered new and better ways of serving our customers and managing our business. Refined approaches to order fulfillment and logistics, field and functional staffing models, digital sales and marketing programs are just a few examples. The time to market of these efforts has been dramatically reduced as well. Change is difficult for any organization, but the crisis has shown our teams, we can move with discipline and urgency to make a positive difference. So in closing, while we are focused on what we can control, we do believe the long-term industry fundamentals remain favorable across our business segments. Importantly, each of our businesses compete in very large and fragmented markets. In automotive, low fuel prices, the dramatic reduction in new vehicle production, shift in travel preferences, shift in personal versus public transportation behavior, potential deferrals of new car purchases and expectations for miles driven to ultimately recover and grow over the long term are all positive tailwinds for the industry. In Industrial, our broad and diverse customer base, change in philosophies on global manufacturing and the growing demand for plant automation solutions all remain positive long-term trends. Through prior downturns, we have generated significant cash flows despite difficult sales environment, and our end markets and business model have proven resilient. The strength of our operating model and cash flow profile over the years support our consistent track record of increasing the dividend for 64 consecutive years. Moving forward, we will remain focused on taking care of our people, our customers and our communities. We will also combine urgent immediate action with activities that will position us for the future. We are incredibly proud of the hard work of our global teams. So thank you for listening. And with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will be happy to take your questions.
Paul Donahue: Liz, great question. We had a couple hour conference call with our European leadership team yesterday. And our markets where we have seen openings, i.e., in Germany, the Netherlands, Belgium, we are definitely seeing a resurgence in our sales top line. Those markets, they fared better than certainly our market in France and the U.K. France has been in lockdown for the longest period of time out of our markets, the U.K. locked down in late March. So those two have been dramatically impacted. We’ll see France. What we hope, France will begin gradual reopening on May 11. We think U.K. will probably be later in May. But directly to your question, Liz, we are seeing an uptick, a nice uptick in sales in both Germany and the Netherlands.
Paul Donahue: Well, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, Liz, look, it’s anybody’s guess at this point. But we would certainly expect in the near-term that we will see folks gravitating to more driving, more utilization of their automobile versus jumping back on airplanes. So I would think we’ll see that in all our markets, AsiaPac, Europe as well as across North America.
Paul Donahue: Well, Bret, it certainly is possible. We - I don’t know that the automotive aftermarket is going to be that significantly different from other small businesses that have been impacted. I will tell you that, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, our - many of our independent owners have already taken part in the PPP and are financially strong as well as many of our NAPA AutoCare centers, as well, have taken advantage. So we think that, if anything, Bret, there perhaps may be some acquisition opportunities down the road for a company like ours with as strong a balance sheet as we continue to maintain.
Paul Donahue: Okay. So I’ll take a shot at that. What we saw in the month of April is sequential improvement throughout the month that has now carried over into May. So really, what we saw here in the U.S. is as states reopened, we saw our business ramp back up. We expect to see the same in Europe, as I mentioned earlier, as we’ve already seen in Germany and the Netherlands. We certainly expect that in Asia Pac as well. And as France comes back online, the U.K., we fully expect to see our business ramp back up. In Asia Pacific, we - New Zealand was in a total lockdown mode. That country is now reopening, and we’ve seen a resurgence in business, both in automotive and Industrial.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. So let me take the first question first. So between our company stores and our independent-owned stores, the numbers and trends were very similar, so not a big discrepancy between those two. What I would say and I’ll repeat what I said earlier, I believe the number that I’ve seen most recently is 60% of our independent owners have successfully applied for PPP funds. So to this point, our independent owners are in good shape. I believe over 90% have applied. And as you know, it’s the banking system. Some of the applications have moved a bit slower, but we do believe that the program that the Fed has put out will benefit. And as it’s designed to, should benefit small independent-owned businesses, like our good NAPA independent-owned stores as well as our NAPA AutoCare centers. So we think in the long haul, our group will be just fine.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, David. Welcome. We’re happy to have you on our account. I’ll tackle the second question first in terms of regional differences, probably no surprise where we have seen the most pressure from a regional standpoint is in the Northeast. So our good owners and company stores in and around New York, Boston, have really been challenged, again, should not be a surprise. The Mid-Atlantic region of the U.S. was pressured as well. On the flip side, our business has maintained relatively well in the Midwest as well as the Mountain area, which - those two regions of the country also had good fourth quarters as well. So we appreciate the great job our leadership teams are doing in both those markets. In terms of the stimulus checks, we would think that it can only be a positive. It’s hard to track, David, exactly to pinpoint if we’ve seen a lift week to week as a result of stimulus checks, but we have to believe that’s a positive. I would also mention that - and as I did in my prepared remarks, we have seen a big uptick in our online and digital business, all across the GPC businesses. So again, the stimulus checks can only benefit our business in the long haul.
Paul Donahue: Yeah, great question. And look, we’ve been investing in our online efforts both here in the U.S. as well as Australia. You might remember, David, I mentioned it in my prepared remarks, we did an acquisition in Australia last year of the leading online purveyor of auto parts, a company called Sparesbox, very timely acquisition for us. They brought a tremendous level of expertise and knowledge around all things digital, but also great automotive knowledge as well. So our business in Australia is up three times here over the last couple of months. Our business in the U.S. is up two times. Now granted, it is a fairly small base that we’re coming off of. But we’re thrilled with what we’re seeing, and we’ll continue to invest in our digital efforts across all of our businesses.
Paul Donahue: And Greg, related to your DIY versus DIFM, as mentioned. DIFM, for us, outpaced DIY in the first quarter. We did see that flip in April, as I’m sure most did as states locked down. That said, I would tell you that our DIY business was still slightly down in April, although it did outpace DIFM.
Paul Donahue: Okay. I’ll tackle the regionality question, Chris, and I’ll let Carol address the cost downs. Across the southern half of the U.S., our business was about in line with our overall business, certainly better than what we experienced in the Northeast, but not as good as what we saw in parts of the Midwest and the Mountain. So kind of in the middle of the pack. I think that’s partially, Chris, it’s probably fairly unique to our business. We have a large segment of business that’s down in the islands and the Caribbean. Those stores are big volume stores, those stores all locked down early in the pandemic, and that’s certainly swung, I think, a bit of the trend for us in the southern part of the U.S., but middle of the pack. And then I’ll let Carol tackle some of the cost reduction question.
Paul Donahue: Well, as we said earlier, Chris, we saw our business trend up the entire month. So week to week to week. And including now into the first week in May, we’ve seen our business improve. That said, our DIY business, I think your specific question, did it trend positive? It did not because we still had a significant decline in our footsteps into our stores, which, I guess, should not be surprised given how many cities and states were in total lockdown. There weren’t a lot of folks out of shopping, unfortunately. Hence, the nice lift we saw in our digital and online business.
Paul Donahue: And Daniel, we should mention, and you all know this, but certainly, Europe was hit much earlier with the pandemic than certainly North America. If there’s any good news to report, as we spoke to our teams yesterday, we do believe the worst in Europe is now behind us. We have peaked out. And again, we are now making plans to reopen in France and the U.K. We’ve already reopened and are doing well in Germany and the Netherlands. So the good news is the worst is behind us. The peak, we’ve crossed the peak, and we have better days in front of us in Europe.
Paul Donahue: Yeah. And Daniel, it’s a good question. And look, that initiative is still high on our priority list. I would tell you with what we’re faced with and what our independent owners are faced with right now. We have put that essentially on hold. There are a few projects going here and there. But the large-scale rollout we have essentially put on hold, but it’s temporary. And my hope will be that we see that ramp back up in the second half of the year.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, Bret, when we think about our working capital, we are still quite comfortable with where we are with our supply chain financing, our accounts payable programs and all of our programs with our suppliers. Quite honestly, as Paul mentioned, we’ve had just a terrific working relationship with our procurement teams and our suppliers. And we’re still making further progress on extended terms globally across our businesses, even in these times. When we think about our leverage and the metrics that you mentioned, we’re comfortable with other levers we’re pulling. So we mentioned some of the things we’re doing in capital allocation, be it CapEx or be it our M&A or share repurchase, all levers we can pull quite easily. We also have some other working capital metrics we’re looking at and making progress on. So in the area of inventory management, and then keeping just a tight eye on AR. So no, we’re very comfortable with where we are, and we expect to hold on to that ratio as we move ahead and to still get working capital improvement.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So no, great question. As we did our modeling and worked with our banking and financial partners and did increase our covenant through the end of this year. And we’re quite comfortable that we’ll remain in compliance with that covenant without these other options. Again, with the capital allocation levers we pulled and some of our working capital improvement, we believe we’ll be in compliance without doing other asset-based lending. But having said that, our treasury teams work continuously looking at many different options and whether it’s an AR securitization or some real estate structure type transaction or quite honestly, we’re also pursuing some international loans that are being made available in some of the geographies we have in Europe that’s attractive financing. So we honestly believe we can be in compliance without doing those things, but we’re being prudent to continue to model and look at what may make sense as we move ahead during what will be probably the toughest quarter from a balance sheet standpoint in Q2.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So Greg, you’re still correct on the 25% to 30% on the variable, and that is still a correct assumption. And when you mentioned, just a comment on the Industrial, as we mentioned, what April sales were for the Industrial business. So we - as Paul mentioned, each one of our businesses were better second half of April than they were first half of April, and that applies to the Industrial business as well. So the number that we gave for April would be Motion and Inenco together, Motion being a bit more down than what we gave you on the total reported number for April. But know that markedly different between the second half of April and the first half of April. And as Paul mentioned, that sort of continues into May. We had a good report from our industrial business as they’ve seen plants start to reopening, and they’ve seen this gradual economic reopening across the states and across a lot of these plants. And again, we saw that in our late April results for the industrial business.
Carol Yancey: Yeah, Chris, great question. We are on track. The $100 million of cost savings, that was largely related to as we talked about a voluntary retirement plan that was put in place at the end of last year, and we actually have tracked that. We know that a lot of those actions on and those reductions were coming out after Q1. And so we are on track with the $100 million cost savings. The accelerated actions that Paul talked about, and that’s across all of our global businesses, it’s 50 to 60 actions, and we listed out quite a few of those for you. We’re not going to get into quantifying what they are, but know that, that is on top of the $100 million, and you’re talking about some significant numbers as we look ahead that will help us as we get into what will be the toughest quarter. One favorable thing that we saw, and we called it out in our prepared remarks, for the first time in many quarters, our payroll was actually down in Q1, down slightly, excluding the impact of our acquisitions and divestitures. That’s directly related to the $100 million of cost savings, the VRP actions that we took. And we - again, we haven’t seen that in some time. We had reductions in legal and professional for, again, the first time in Q1. The other categories, big categories for us, such as freight and delivery and rent and facilities and IT and insurance. While those categories were up, they were not up as much as they were in the prior year. And so again, we had some improving trends in SG&A, but we had such a significant deleverage in the last part of March. That’s why we’ve taken the steps with the accelerated actions.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. So the organic growth for Q1 was down high single digits. And we had some acquisitions that were in there that related to the reported number being up 10%. And obviously, currency was a big impact in the quarter as well at a down 3%. So high single-digit down comps for March.
Carol Yancey: Yeah. The 30% for the automotive, it ranges from a low of 20% to a high of 40%, 20% being Australia, Europe being more in the 40%. Canada being a little bit - Canada is similar to the 30%, U.S. being around 25%. Now that’s the blended month. So in all of our geographies, as we’ve mentioned previously, if the blended number is 30%, that is down something greater than 30%, the first two weeks and down something less than 30%, the second two weeks.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So our Australasian business in Q1, they actually had favorable comps in the quarter, and they had slight margin improvement at about 20 bps. We mentioned that was the positive bright spot. They operated really well. As we mentioned previously, North American and our Europe business, with the decline in their core sales, primarily in late March related to COVID-19, about half of the automotive margin decline is Europe and about half is North America auto, and that would all be SG&A leverage. And really, again, related to the $140 million or so of sales decline related to COVID-19. Having said that, they held their gross profit dollars. Their dollars were down proportionately, but they held the gross margin and actually had slight improvement. So all a loss of leverage related to the declines in Europe and North America.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation in today’s earnings call. We appreciate your support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to updating you in the future. Thank you.
