Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Looking back on the quarter and the year, we are proud of our team for their continued focus on executing our strategic growth initiatives and cost actions. The GPC team and our Automotive and Industrial business proved resilient in meeting the challenges presented by the COVID-19 pandemic. We closed the year strong with a strong financial performance. We want to thank each of our GPC team members for their continued support, dedication and commitment to serving customers and being the best. We entered 2021 as a stronger, more agile Company, with streamlined operations at a more optimized portfolio focused on the global Automotive and Industrial businesses. We are well positioned with a stronger balance sheet and strategic plan to capture profitable growth, generate strong cash flow and drive shareholder value. We are off to a solid start to the year with global automotive sales growth and ongoing industrial recovery and operational improvements. With the continued rollout of COVID-19 vaccines, we look forward to a global recovery from the pandemic and a strengthening economy. For all these reasons, the GPC team is excited about 2021. And we look forward to reporting on our progress as we move through the year. So, thank you for your interest in Genuine Parts Company. And with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator for your questions.
Paul Donahue: Yes. October started out okay, pretty much in line with September. We saw softness in December, -- and then we saw softness in December as well. I think the first couple of months were probably more related to a little bit warmer weather than -- especially in November, plus we saw a little bit of a COVID resurgence in the U.S. December is a bit unique, Bret. And if you remember, we had a big December a year ago, 2019. We were going up against some pretty tough comps. So, that certainly impacted December as well. But look, here is a good news, Bret, for us and the NAPA team is, we had a really strong rebound in January, both DIY and DIFM, which we’re really pleased to see the commercial business bouncing back in January. And that’s carrying into February as well.
Paul Donahue: Well, you hit the first one, Bret. We have had -- and we did have a good year in our battery business. And I expect with this cold weather, we’re going to see even a greater surge in our battery business. But supply has been a challenge. And I think you’ve heard that elsewhere. Pleased to say, we’re not seeing that in Europe. We have a strong battery business. We actually just launched the NAPA battery across Europe. We have our suppliers taking good care of us over there. And we’re seeing really good business across Europe in the battery business. But, that would be the call out. There’s a couple of other suppliers that are impacting us. And look, these guys are battling labor shortages due to COVID, some shortages of raw materials. So, I understand they got their challenges, and we’re hoping to see improvement here as we roll into ‘21.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So, Europe, they started out really strong. As you know, they had a great third quarter, mid-double-digit increase, Bret. And we had a good October. They were up high single digits in October. We saw a big reversal in November, a double-digit swing from October as Europe locked down due to COVID. So, we saw the third wave come through and that just kind of knocked the wind out of our sales. December bounced back a bit from that softer November. But again, good news, much like North America, we saw a nice rebound in January, and our European team was up strong mid-single-digit. So, we’re encouraged. And we got a lot of good things going on with AAG. I would really, Bret, call out our UK team. They had a really strong year, despite some pretty severe lockdowns during the course of the year. But, again, I couldn’t be more proud of our UK team.
Paul Donahue: Yes, absolutely. Yes. We had a double-digit increase in January, and we saw it on both sides of the counter, Chris. We saw it in DIY, as we did most of 2020, our DIY business was strong, like most in the industry. But, where we struggled a bit in ‘20 was in our commercial business. And our commercial business I think is a bit unique compared to most. It’s very, very heavy commercial fleet, government municipalities, but again, really pleased to see that business turn positive in the month of January. And I’m hopeful, Chris, with this -- some of the weather we’re seeing and the reopening of the economies and the vaccines getting out there that -- and along with a little bit of a lift in miles driven, we’ll see some resurgence in our DIFM business.
Paul Donahue: Well, we do think we’ll see improvement overall in that fleet business in ‘21. And January certainly is a good indicator, Chris. Look, there’s a ways to go. By any stretch, we’re not out of the woods in relation to the upheaval caused by COVID. But, we are seeing green shoots, and we are pleased to see a real solid January.
Paul Donahue: Well, look, Chris, there is a little certainly a bit of conservatism built into those numbers. We feel really good about the prospects for a strong recovery in our Industrial business in ‘21. We’ve seen now eight straight months of PMI. We generally trail that metric by a few months. So, yes, we feel good. Especially when you look back at 2020, Q2, we were down 17; Q3, down 9; and Q4, down 3 and then post a positive January. But, that conservatism that you kind of referred to, Chris, again, we’re not out of the woods. We’re still seeing some plants shut down just in the last couple of weeks. We do a big business with the OE automotive plants. We’ve seen a number of those shut down to raw material shortages. We’re still pressured in the Southwest with oil and gas. So, yes, we’re -- we feel good, but we’re also seeing still just a few headwinds out there on the Industrial side.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Mike. Let me take the latter part of that question first. As we look at ticket comps and we look across the globe, I’m really pleased with the trends we’re seeing in Australia -- our Asia Pac business was up strong in both average ticket size and traffic. Canada, we were up both average ticket size and traffic. U.S., our average ticket was up, which has been a trend we’ve seen for a number of quarters now. Traffic was down a bit in the U.S., again, not a surprise because we saw a real surge in our digital online, deliver-to-store, pick up at curbside. So, folks are still a little bit reticent I think to walk into stores. And then, the other question, Mike, you asked was around DIY, DIFM in the quarter, in Q4. What we saw was much like we had seen throughout the year with -- or the latter part of the year, I should say, with DIY held up strong and DIFM was certainly pressured in the quarter. But again, as I think I mentioned earlier in a question, really pleased to see both trending up in January. So, we’re cautiously optimistic that we’re going to see our DIFM return to solid growth in 2021.
Paul Donahue: Yes. Thanks, Beth. Look, stimulus monies are definitely impacting the DIY business, I think, not only for us, but our peer group. But, we are a dominant DIFM business. That’s 80-plus-percent of our business at. So, I don’t really believe we see much impact, if any, stimulus on our DIFM business. Yes, I think, if I were to point to perhaps some of the lift that we’re seeing early in the year. Look, the weather is a factor. There is just no two ways about it. And, we’re seeing a return to a more normalized winter that we haven’t seen in a few years. What’s unfortunate, Beth, and we don’t want to take this lightly. There are lots of folks out there in the Texas region that are without power. They’ve been without power for a couple of days. So, we don’t mind seeing winter. I just wish it wasn’t quite as extreme and the impact that it’s having. We’ve got a number of distribution centers, branches, stores that are closed throughout Texas, Oklahoma, Tennessee, Mississippi, Alabama. So, it’s definitely taken a toll here this week. We’ll see the long-term impact of a really cold weather, and it will show up months down the road when parts begin to fail as a result of some of this really brutally cold winter.
Paul Donahue: Well, they certainly did. But, what we’re seeing right now is with the number of DC closures were across Texas and the other states I just mentioned, along with many of our Industrial branches. I think the number I saw yesterday, Beth, we had about 90 of our Industrial branches were closed. So, it’s going to have a little bit of an impact probably for a couple of days. But, again, we’ll recover. And I expect that will have a positive impact longer-term on our business.
Paul Donahue: Hey Daniel, I’ll just add a comment to that as well because it’s been mentioned before, and I touched on it in my prepared remarks. But just to call out, in our NAPA business here across the U.S., we have over 3,000 sales professionals between our Company stores and our independent stores that are working with our shops and professional garages every day. So, the thought of did we cut too deep, we don’t believe so. And again, I think, what we saw were some transitory challenges in ‘20 that are going to bounce back in ‘21.
Paul Donahue: Well, look David, it’s a reasonable question. We’ve been working on a number of initiatives throughout the course of 2020 that I would tell you I think are really beginning to take hold. We are not nearly as weighted towards the DIY side. So, even though we’re seeing some nice lift in DIY, it’s not going to move the needle for us like DIFM. So, what I would point to and how we’re narrowing that gap is the slight recovery we’re seeing from COVID, markets opening back up, I think, we’re going to see miles driven tick back up. We haven’t seen any official numbers out of December, January yet. But that coupled with some winter weather is all going to help spike our DIFM business. And again, we’re really, really pleased to see that spike in the month of January.
Carol Yancey: Yes, happy to. As far as gross margin, and look, the team, we couldn’t be more pleased with what we’ve done in the gross margin area. We have, and you saw we finally anniversaried the impact from acquisitions and divestitures. So, our core gross profit in Q4, really pleased to see our initiatives working. We do expect, as we look ahead to have continued improvement in gross profit, may not be at the level that it’s been, but we would expect to see continued gross margin improvement. And, we’ve called out the initiatives in that area before from product mix and strategic category management and even our pricing and global sourcing. And then, I’ll make a few comments on SG&A, and then maybe let Will add and talk about what we’re going to see for 2021. And, you’re right. We did have the temporary cost savings, but more importantly our permanent cost savings of $150 million do roll in to 2021. And we expect to -- while some of those, certainly, the temporary savings come back in. When you look at our outlook for 2021 on SG&A, we have improvement when you go back to say the 2019 levels. So, we really have permanently reduced our cost structure, if you will. But having said that, there’s still things we’re working on that. We’re going to see headwinds in terms of payroll and freight. And I’ll maybe let Will talk about a few things we’re doing to maybe offset some of those headwinds.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we have -- and as you have seen, we are guiding to organic growth at -- in the 3% to 5% range. We certainly expect to have margin improvement with that organic growth. And again, we’re looking at getting ourselves back to certainly to a sales level at where 2019 was but a profit and operating margin level that’s greater than that. So, I think, it’s at the low end of the 3% that we can have margin improvement. And I certainly think that you’ll see that with some of the initiatives we talked about.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we -- as you look at our cost savings, and again, this was done early on in response to the very-drastic declines in volume that we saw from Europe starting at the end of Q1 to North America and other geographies. We had -- Q2 was one of our worst quarters ever in the Company’s history. And with that, there was actions that needed to be taken. And as related to reducing payroll, reducing positions, we had furloughs, we had deferred travel and entertainment, we looked at facility and lease reductions, we looked at our facility costs, we looked at -- I mean, we looked at anything and everything. And it was -- again, we did that without impacting our service, but we did it to adjust to the lower volumes. And then, as volumes have come back, we looked at those costs. Again, some of those costs had to come back in. During this time, we also didn’t let up on our investments in productivity and automation. So, we had a number of automation projects that we continue to work on that would help us with productivity improvements, where we rationalize facilities and put in more automated conveyor systems. That helped us as well. So, again, we -- the permanent savings go back to a year ago. Those were largely payroll related, the $150 million. Again, we were very comfortable to how those were done. The temporary ones were just that. They were temporary in nature. And remember, part of that temporary was government subsidies. So, again, we had about $60 million in government subsidies that are nonrecurring. The fact of the matter is we go into 2021 with a lower overall cost base and excitement about the initiatives we have in place to keep our cost structure down.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Just to be clear, the same-store sales guidance that we gave in relation to the total sales is more of the impact of the carryover of acquisitions from 2020. So, we had a number of bolt-on acquisitions in the automotive space and then we also had three Industrial acquisitions late in 2020. So, the 1% differential is the carryover of M&A. Our implication for foreign currency is really neutral. And we also have inflation neutral in these numbers. As Paul mentioned, we expect we will see some inflation at some point. But, this is truly just what we know today as far as organic growth, plus a little bit of carryover from acquisitions that’s in that guidance.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Look, we are getting early indication from our suppliers. I mean, look, our suppliers, as Paul mentioned, they’re facing raw material increases, freight and ocean cargo and just the significant increases that our suppliers are facing, labor shortages, labor inflation. We are hearing that our suppliers are discussing price increases, we believe, certainly in Automotive, it’s been very rational. And as these price increases come that they will get passed through. Also on the Industrial side, our teams are trying to stay ahead of that and doing a lot of things to make sure that those can -- when they do get the pricing, they can pass them along. I would tell you that will probably be more second half weighted. Again, some of this is managing through the uncertainty right now, but probably more second half weighted. So, the 1% to 2%, 1% to 3%, if you will, is on a full year basis, but probably more second half. But again, that’s not in any of our numbers. And the last thing I would just add, and you heard Will talk about it, our teams have so many terrific initiatives going on in the gross margin area, especially in terms of pricing. So, we’re a lot more agile today. We have a lot more analytics and a lot more strategic pricing initiatives that will help us offset this as well.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your participation in our year-end and Q4 conference call. As always, we appreciate your interest and support of Genuine Parts Company. And we look forward to reporting out to you on our first quarter results in April. Thank you. And have a great day.
