Thomas C. Gallagher: Greg, this is Tom, and I think the primary difference is the fact that we were short 1 day in the third quarter, but we get that day back in the fourth quarter, so our expectation is that on a per day basis, we'll see a little bit of an uptick from what we saw in the third quarter, and then the benefit of that extra day. We're actually expecting just a bit of improvement on a day-to-day basis.
Thomas C. Gallagher: And in terms of the effect on top line, the levels that we're at, we're down 30 basis points year-to-date. That will be a pretty modest impact on that. If we see further deflation, obviously, it'll be a little bit of a headwind, but right now, our expectation is a very modest impact.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, John, I'll take a first stab at that. One thing to keep in mind is what Paul referenced in his comments, and that's the geographic differences that we've experienced thus far this year with our cold weather operations being much more challenged than the remainder of the operations and it's a fairly significant delta in performance when we look at that. And our expectation is that delta will start to reduce some as we work our way through the fourth quarter and on into next year. In terms of what we're seeing in the end markets, what we're hearing from some of our good installer customers pretty much mirrors what we've reported in our own results, and they're talking about big [ph] counts, the traffic actually holding relatively steady, but the work orders, the value of the work orders is under a little bit of pressure, which we think is indicative of the consumer being a bit more discretionary with how they're spending their dollars currently. On the inventory side of it, we don't see any material difference in the inventory, and keep in mind, the main inventory that we would have would be at the store level, and that has, I think held pretty constant so we don't see any reduction nor do we see any opportunity for a great run-up in inventory. At the installer level, the commercial side of it, there's very little inventory that's really held and we don't think that, that's going to change one way or the other going forward. Won't have any impact.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think and again, it's just an opinion, as you said, my thought is that the consumer has a finite amount of discretionary spending, and I think part of that may have been geared more toward electronics with the new iPhone or the new iPad, or other electronic items. I think part of it might have gone to back-to-school, because it was a regionally good back-to-school season this year. I think when it comes to the Automotive, what we're seeing and what we're being told is that the repair that's absolutely critical, or anything that affects drivability, they're in fact getting done, but then their bias is to try to do it for the least amount of money possible, so if we look at our good, better, best product outflow, we see strong performance in the good and better categories and less strong performance in the best product category. And then we also see if there are multiple things that need to be worked on, or should be worked on, on the vehicle, if it's not critical, we're seeing deferral on some of that. And we've some of this at times in the past, and at least in the past, what we've seen happen is there is a point in time when some of this maintenance that's been deferred winds up coming back into the aftermarket, and we all have an opportunity to benefit from that.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, what we've seen going back to 2008 and '09 is we saw very significant evidence of deferral of the some of the items that needed to be purchased, and we came back with strong overall industry results and good positive results for GPC in '10 and '11. There is a question out there, and you alluded to it and that is, what's the impact of the increased vehicle sales this year, and depending upon whose number, I guess, it'll be something, let's call it $14.5 million. If you look back to 2004 through 2007, we had anywhere from $16.1 million to, I think it was $16.9 million in new car sales. And all of those years were really good years for the aftermarket. So we had a higher rate of new car sales on a base that's about the same as what it is today, and the new car dealers benefited and the aftermarket performed well in that period of time. Then we went into the recession and we saw new car sales go down, aftermarket went down and the aftermarket has come back well in '10 and '11. We see some of the geographic diversity that we see right now in 2012 and some of the consumer spending patterns that we think we're living through, but the fundamentals, as Paul pointed out, the fundamentals are still generally positive and favorable and we'll see this thing come back to a more normal state, I think, as the quarters progress.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, the 3 that I highlighted, we saw a decelerating trend sequentially from Q1 through Q3. I can't give you the specifics about the month sequence. In terms of any changes, we are seeing evidence that some of the housing-related industries have picked up just a little bit, as Paul mentioned, housing starts have gone up. Some of the plywood mills are opening back up or increasing production, so hopefully, that's something that will sustain in the quarters ahead. Where we see some weakness is where some of these companies are larger exporters and some of what's happening in the global economy is starting to have an impact on their North American production.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Absolutely, absolutely. So if you go into the farm communities, you see some real impact there. So that's had an impact both in Automotive, as well as in our Industrial business.
Thomas C. Gallagher: In both cases. On a per day basis, if we look at average daily sales volume for the month of September, the ongoing operations had a record as did the -- with the Quaker City, but in Quaker City, we had a very strong performance in September.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we're too early in this quarter to try to comment on any trends, but some of the industries that we service, the industry segments are very strong right now. I mentioned Automotive as a for instance, we're benefiting from the strength in the new car sales, the improvement that we're seeing there. The thing we don't know is, what the impact is going to be for some of the companies or segments that are a little bit more export-dependent because we have seen deceleration there, coal would be an example, and primarily the Eastern coal has been really hard hit over the last couple of quarters, and we don't know that it's going to come back this quarter.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we could say that we've seen it in that short a period. What we're experiencing right now is what we go through periodically, and that is when business slows up somewhat, the competitive environment increases somewhat. So it's a fairly normal pattern that we experience at times like these, and this particular pattern is very consistent with what we've seen in past times.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think uncertainty would be more the answer and it's more because of the external uncertainty. So there are people out there that are sitting, waiting to make some capital expenditure decisions dependent upon how things develop over the next quarter or so. So right now, it's a little hard to answer that specifically, Keith, but that's what we're hearing from customer set.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's a combination of both, honestly. Obviously, the domestic thing is more immediate, with the election and then the fiscal cliff that may loom out there, but then there's also a number of these companies that are dependent upon some demand in Europe that are bit uncertain as to what's going to happen there. But that plays out more over a medium to longer term, we think.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I would say that if we look across the 4 businesses, we've performed, at a minimum in line with the performance of the overall industries and perhaps we gained a little bit in each of the industries. And if you look at Automotive as a for instance, I think that if we look at the publicly traded companies in the aggregate, the performance of each of the companies would suggest that we might be gaining, as a group, a bit at the expense of the non-publicly traded companies as a general statement. Then in terms of the other businesses, we just have to look at our performance directly with our publicly traded competitors and see how they stack up. But I think overall, our teams are doing a pretty good job of holding their own at a minimum and maybe improving their position in a few cases.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we haven't given those out specifically, but if we net the impact of Quaker City against the 1 less day and the negative in FX, net-net, it had a 1% positive for us in the quarter.
Jerry W. Nix: Well, we haven't seen any of any significant size. We'd still be open to making it, if made sense, but this is primarily in preparation for the Exego transaction.
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, we would if it made sense to maximize the shareholder value. But yes, we would -- if we do the Exego transaction, we'll definitely have to have some debt.
Jerry W. Nix: It's lower than 30% to 40%, but we've done a little work and it could -- if we had -- depending on our cash flow and how well we do in managing working capital, it could be in the high -- in the mid-20%, not high-20% range, so.
Jerry W. Nix: About $4.5 million, $5 million. The one positive about it was a negative adjustment in the third quarter of last year, and it was a positive adjustment and the pickup this quarter was $3 million, but we had a swing compared to the third quarter of last year.
Jerry W. Nix: Brian, this is Jerry. If you look, and Industrial business was 8% -- up 8% in sales in the second quarter and ending up 4.5% here in the third quarter, and so we're not going to build inventory to get incentive. And so we took in less incentives in the third quarter as we had through the 6 months and last time we did, last year we're basically down slightly in incentives this third quarter compared to 2011. So both of those contribute to that slowing in that growth and the operating margin in the quarter. But if you look for the 9 months, they're still doing a good job with their operating margin, they're still up 20 basis points, and we would expect to see that kind of improvement for the year.
Jerry W. Nix: Yes, we're more than pleased with how it's gone thus far, but just because we did this facility at -- we had a facility of $350 million, facility expiring in December. We went ahead and got this out of the way and we can -- it's a 5-year facility. So we can do it at this quarter, we can do it in 5 quarters, at whatever period. We just took -- put that in there to be in a position to do whatever we needed to do.
Jerry W. Nix: We can continue to make progress. It's a difficult thing to tell you how much progress we can make. We're going to continue work with our vendors in negotiating terms, prices and everything. That's just an ongoing priority for us. Really don't have a number that I can give you that we're going we try for or try to reach, but you'll see continued improvement there, I think.
Jerry W. Nix: I don't think you're going to see a continued lift in the margins at the Office Parts side. Where that's coming from is not in the gross margin side of things, it's coming in the expense reduction and infrastructure costs adjustments that they're making there. They've been in a depressed sales environment for some time, and the management team there is doing a good job of taking their cost out and they're going to continue to focus on taking further cost out until they see revenue recovery. But I don't -- you're not going to continue to see movement up in it, but I think it -- we would be pleased, really if the Office Products side would just continue to hold their margin. They were 7.6% for the 9 months, and we would expect them to maintain that for the full year. In the Industrial side, we were up 20 basis points for the 9 months, and there's no reason to think that they can't maintain that for the full year, but that's going to be dependent upon what kind of revenue growth they get, and I'm sure that they'll do a good job leveraging their expenses off of that revenue growth.
Jerry W. Nix: Greg, we're going to have to dance around that question. We -- what we'll have to do is research that and get you an answer, if you don't mind, Sid or I will work back with you on that one.
Jerry W. Nix: Dawn, thank you. We appreciate each of you joining us on the call today, and we appreciate your continued interest in and support of Genuine Parts Company. We look forward with talking with you in future, if not before then certainly, when we report our fourth quarter and year-end results in February. Thanks for joining us.
Paul D. Donahue: Chris, this is Paul. I would just tell you that our September same-store business was low to mid-single-digit year-over-year. So we did see a nice lift in September. And that was across most of our divisions. So even those divisions that -- those cold weather divisions that we mentioned, the Central part of the country, Midwest and Northeast saw a bit of a lift in September as well. So we're encouraged, and I would tell you that back to a question that Scot asked, when you look at some of the things happening in the economy, consumer confidence does seem to be growing somewhat, at least that's what was reported in September and housing starts are moving in the right direction. So there is -- there does seem to be a bit of optimism out here that we haven't seen in a while.
Paul D. Donahue: The brake business, as we understand it, Chris, it's been a challenge for us. We've down low single digits for the year, and it is geographical. Certainly, in those northern territories, we have seen more of a decline in our brake business and we do believe that's weather-related. And we do believe it's across the industry as well.
Paul D. Donahue: Well, I'll take the first part of that, Bret. The northern divisions that we mentioned, their comps are running low to mid-single-digit down, year-over-year. The balance of our business, which is 6 divisions comprising the West, Southwest, Southern, is up mid-single -- low to mid-single digits.
