Bert Nappier: Yes, Scot, Bert. Thanks for the question. Look, I don't think we've changed how we're thinking long-term. We've got two years left on that cycle. And again, as we close out this year, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we're looking for Global Automotive segment to be, flat to slightly down. With two years left, it's not unusual to get to a three-year plan a little differently, maybe than you started in March, and when we announced all that, but we still, still feel confident that the levers are there. As we look at the long-term margin expansion, particularly for auto, we got pricing and category management benefits. So, when talk about pricing and sourcing benefits and gross margin expansion. We'll continue to see those levers. And we've got further long-term investments, and that's really how we're thinking about this. We've got some short-term challenges, but a long-term investment around things like supply chain, investments in IT, those remain in early innings. And so, we're really still bullish on the long-term despite some of this near-term choppiness.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Michael, I don't think it's getting worse. Listen, I think we're clearly disappointed with the recent performance. And as I said, that plus some of the performance of our credible competitors would indicate we've given back some share over the last couple of quarters. But maybe a few thoughts to elaborate on the whole, share thought, which is -- we've always had strong competition in this profit pool, both large and small. And as I said with Scot, it takes consistent execution everyday to serve those customers. And we just haven't performed to, our expectations in '23. I would tell you we have seen with the supply chain challenges moderating over the last 12 months, some of our smaller competitors have gotten more healthy, as it relates to inventory. And so, we're seeing them, playing from a different place of strength than they were maybe 12 months or 24 months ago. The good news is, is that we play in a huge market. It's very fragmented. And as, Paul said, we know what we need to do to return to a position where we're taking share. But we're not, we're not feeling like it’s getting worse. We've got a good line of sight of what we're working on and taking action as we talked about on the call.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Michael, it's Bert. You're still cutting out pretty, pretty bad. We can't hear you very well. Could you get a look --
Bert Nappier: Hi, Michael. It's Bert. And first and foremost, welcome to the, to the universe of coverage for GPC. Thanks for joining, joining us. We appreciate that. I would say no. I mean, look, we look at what we're -- what's happening here, and as Will and Paul have given me some color on, really just as something we're managing through here in the near-term. The great thing about GPC is that we performed pretty well through all cycles. We've had $1.1 billion of cash generated here year-to-date $733 million of free cash flow. We have a tremendously strong balance sheet, and we're improving our margins and growing earnings double-digits despite some softer topline. And so, I think the great thing is that the performance of the business holistically allows us to continue to take advantage of the market including the M&A market and investments in capital expenditures that are great for the business long-term. And so while we may have a little choppiness short-term, it doesn't impact our ability to move, as we need to move, whether it's in U.S. automotive on M&A or the whole portfolio.
Bert Nappier: Hey, Greg. It’s Bert. I'll talk about inflation first, and then we'll come back to, kind of, our views on guidance and outlook. I think we've talked about this a little bit along the way throughout the course of the year. Inflation has really developed almost exactly as we expected with where we thought we would to begin the year. That's a little bit of a surprise and that we could be, kind of, that consistently, planning and thinking out the way we're thinking about the trends of inflation. We thought they'd moderate through the course of the year and they have. So, we started the year, with a mid-single-digits, moving to low-single-digits in Q2, all up low-single-digits here again in the third quarter. And we expect to finish out the year in low-single-digit. So, really has followed how monetary policy has been implemented around the world and tick down as we expected. One thing to call out on inflation, I think it's important to keep in focus and, Will mentioned it in his prepared remarks, inflation or said differently price, was a significant tailwind in 2022 for the automotive aftermarket. And that's dissipated in 2023, as I just kind of outlined. In particular, in third quarter a year ago, we were looking at inflation and sales at the high-single-digit level for the Global Automotive segment with the U.S. at nearly 10%. And that's a pretty tough comp when you think about low-single-digits for this particular period that we're coming up against. So, I think right now, moving as we expected, we'll close out the year low-single-digits, across the board. In terms of the outlook and how we're thinking about the rest of the year, bringing that up just a level, it'll start at the highest level and then maybe work down through getting to U.S. automotive. We think we've had a great quarter in terms of earnings growth, double-digit earnings here in Q3. That gave us some confidence to narrow our range and lift the bottom up, with a new guidance range of $9.20 to $9.30. As I said in my prepared remarks, we really have a mix of tailwinds and headwinds, tailwinds, solid industry fundamentals for both segments. We've improved our gross margin outlook, industrial margin for the full year as a bit better than we thought. There’re some positive trends in industrial production data. I'm not ready to call a new trend, but at least it's leaning positive of late. And we're going to have continued ongoing discipline in costs, and that's going to lead to our expectations for segment margin expansion for GPC. In terms of headwinds, you guys know most of these. We've got a choppy environment out there. We've got inflation, geopolitical considerations, a new thing here in October with student loan repayments starting back. That's probably somewhere near $10 billion a month. So, obviously, something that will impact the consumer. Interest rate environment are up sharply over the last month. And so taken together, we see an increasingly cautious consumer. We're also going to be prudent about the time that it's going to take to, to effectuate some of the operational changes and rigor that, Will mentioned. So that taken together, I think, is how we're thinking about the rest of the year. But again, we expect a strong year when it's all said and done. We're going to close out the year based on our guidance with mid-single-digit revenue growth, gross margin expansion, segment margin expansion, and we expect to have double-digit earning growth in a tough environment for the full year. And maybe Will, if you want to comment a little bit on the cadence of the quarter.
Bert Nappier: And Greg, I'll come back and give a little bit more color. You kind of talked about how things are looking as we start and maybe pull that up. As I think about this year on U.S. automotive, the full year, we started out Q1 with a little softer, weather impact there. And as we said in Q2, we really knew that our U.S. automotive business had more potential than we showed, and it's a feeling we continue to echo. Q2 made some new moves with new president. Cost actions to further drive some of the improvement of -- to offset the weakness on the topline. And the Q2 results were really a catalyst for the executive team to walk away and look at the things that were impacting our performance. We'll share those perspectives. But as we look at the fourth quarter with respect to U.S. AG or to the U.S. Automotive business, we know that we've got a tough comp coming up yet again. So, fourth quarter, for U.S. automotive was a 9.6 reported comp sales growth was 6.3. So, we have another fourth tough quarter ahead. And, all things considered, we expect the fourth quarter for them to be in-line with the third quarter.
Bert Nappier: Yes. So, our third quarter would have been the highest inflation comp for the year for that business and, Will mentioned that. We've got another tough comp on inflation in the fourth quarter. That's going to be around 8% for the U.S. automotive business. So, the peak would have been Q3, but we still have a tough Q4 comp.
Bert Nappier: Hi Christian, its Bert. Nothing to call out, we had a really clean quarter on gross margin. Nothing related to some of the noise you just mentioned there. I'm super proud of the teams. They've executed at a very high level. So, our expansion of gross margin here in the third quarter of 130 basis points continues to come on the back of the investments we're making in sourcing and pricing.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth. This is Bert. Look, it's a good question. A thoughtful question. And we don't believe that our work around gross margin has come at the expense of share gains. You all know that price is not generally the leading factor. And driving sales in the aftermarket. It's more about availability and quality as Paul and Will have mentioned this morning. That's a really strategic question. It comes down to pricing strategies that category and SKU level, and the long-standing balance of that against unit growth. We believe the investments we're making in data analytics and pricing tool many of those we showcase at Investor Day have really given us an ability to be even more strategic and flex our strategy up and down, by both category and geography. It allows us to remain competitive, respond to the environment as it moves and stay in line with the market dynamics. So, I think the short answer is no. We don't believe that our work there is impacting, share gains or losses. And we continue to stay focused on driving our gross margin performance, we lifted our expectations for the year, now looking at 50 to 60 basis points of improvement for the full year. I’m pleased with that result.
Bert Nappier: Yes, Seth. Just a little additional color on that. We're, -- you know, as we break apart that major account business, which Will alluded to, where we see challenges in some of the big national tire chains. But on the flip side, we're seeing a good growth in our fleet and our government. We're seeing recent growth in the OE dealer segment, which we expect to continue as some of those challenges for that segment continues. So, there's puts and takes, but, again, our team is addressing those issues, and I think we'll see improvements here going forward.
Bert Nappier: Sure. Look, I don't think we've, think anything differently about the longer term, to follow-up on that earlier point. As I said, maybe we'll get there a little bit differently than we expected when we announced everything in March. This year's played out slightly differently, but we have two years ago, and gross margin, opportunities aren't going to be impacted by changes in suppliers. Actually, there are opportunities more than anything as we look continuing to be competitive going to market with our size and scale, looking at some of these opportunities, more globally and through a one GPC prism. So, I don't see those as limitations at all. They actually tend to be more of an opportunity for us. The pricing environment remains rational. We still think there's opportunity there. As I mentioned a few minutes ago, we've got great work and data analytics there that allows us to be flexible and nimble. And we haven't really seen a change in the way the competition is behaving in that space that would change our view on the longer term or the or the short term for that matter.
Bert Nappier: I'd rather not get into -- get into parsing out the quarter by month. The quarter year over year in the US, for both Motion and for US Automotive was impacted by one day. We'll just leave it there. And then, in fourth quarter, we're going to be flat on operating days.
Bert Nappier: Yeah, Kate, it's Bert. Of course, we knew the expo headwind and the selling day was there. So that wasn't a surprise to us at all. Remember, we don't guide to quarters. So, we weren't thinking about through that – through a Q3 lens. We were thinking about our guidance through the full year. And we, you know, as we guided, thought we would sell through that. And again, we've reaffirmed our top line guide for the year this morning. We did lower the comp guide for automotive. I think that's just being smart, about having to factor in. The slower and softer performance for US Automotive year to date and what it's going to mean for the full year. But at the end of the day, as we thought about expectations, sales recovery didn't progress quite as quickly as we thought in Q3, Will has given you a lot detail around the execution things we're working on. And again, we've reaffirmed our full year top line this morning.
Will Stengel: Yes, Scott, it's Will. Let me, let me add a few thoughts. And I'll start by just saying, the U.S. Automotive team, just to be very clear, is working incredibly hard every day to take care of their customers and be easy to deal with, and as you know, better than anyone, what that means for customers is, we got to be in a position to offer them the right quality part in the right place at the right time, and have that transaction be seamless. Once that product is available in the market, we needed to efficiently and quickly speak -- efficient and quick to search for the part and then pull the part and get it to the customer. And so, when you think about what we're working on everyday, we have the opportunities probably to be better in, each part of that. There's no single point of failure that has recently developed. I think this is just a call to action for the team that we need to be better across the board. The good news is, as you started with your question, and our initiatives that we detailed at Investor Day are all focused around these customer needs, and we're making good progress. And while, we might have been disappointed with recent performance, and might indicate that we've given back a little bit of share, we still feel good about what we're working on. We just need to do that body of work with more urgency at a faster pace.
Will Stengel: Yes. Greg, it's for, U.S. auto cadence of the quarter. It was mixed through the quarter. July was slightly up, as I think we said in our, prepared remarks, August was down low-single-digits, and we exited the quarter with September up low-single-digits. We did call out the NAPA EXPO, year-over-year compare. That event was in July of last year. By the time all the sales had processed, it's probably, it's not scientific probably impacting August. So, if you think about that adjustment, it's probably mid-quarter, mid-to-end of the quarter.
Will Stengel: Yes, Christian. Thanks for the question. Look, those are two important data points. We monitor and track them closely. And, we've publicly said that it seems whether with KDG or post pandemic that, the correlation was less clear. Having said that, we still look at those indicators, and we've been encouraged obviously by the recent trends in particular industrial production. So, they're certainly part of what we look at as we inform our views of the outlook of the business and, based on those recent inflections, we're cautiously optimistic. There's no specific tie with those metrics to a specific part of our business. I think it's a good representation of the diversity of our business. And so, it's something that we look at in conjunction with customer, vendor feedback, provide different other pieces of internal and external data. But we’re cautiously optimistic based on what we're seeing both in the business and from a third-party data perspective.
Will Stengel: Yes, Seth. You know, I wouldn't say there's a material change in the major accounts part of the business. It continues to be pressured. We've been more disciplined as you alluded to in the way that we're thinking about the business or that piece of the business. It's about 15% to 20% of our commercial business. So, it's not a large, outsized portion of the total business. And as I think we've said before, it's inside of our major account business, there's four or five different even sub verticals. And there's different nuances associated with each one of those verticals. So, we have seen some consolidation in some of the, national players in particular, some of our existing customers that have come to consolidate that's impacted some of the year over year trends, just as they work through some of their acquisition activity. But generally speaking, the business continues to kind of, be at the same level that it was last quarter to slightly down.
Will Stengel: Yeah. Daniel, I would just add the, your question around the NAPA brand and category management. That's all upside. And just as a reminder, I think as we talked at investor day, when we look at category management now, we essentially by product category, we look at our global volume. So that NAPA brand has got strong presence now across Europe, AsiaPac and, of course, North America. So, to me, that's upside for our North American business. As we get into a better position, from a supply and inventory standpoint to really accelerate our growth in a couple of key product categories.
Will Stengel: Yeah. There is we have great information, on where we've got our opportunities as we've talked about the last 12 to 24 months, investing in analytics, and in particular around inventory analytics has been an area of focus. So, I think that's made us better to know precisely where we have, opportunities. And the opportunities are not just availability, but it's movement. And again, there's nothing – there's not a new thought here. It's just better execution. That's taking the inventory that we have and getting into the right spot at the right time and making sure that you've got enough of the stuff that's moving fast. We've got a lot of visibility into that. And it's an ongoing effort. I mean, we've been working on this topic probably forever. And we're just stepping up our urgency. So, we'll, the teams that are urgent, they're focused on it, and we're going to make progress each and every day.
Paul D. Donahue: And Scot, I would, I would just add on to that. Look, we've been in this business a long, long time. There's nothing structural, that has shifted or changed in, in our business or in our, in our structure. We know the levers to pull, will hit on them. And trust me, there is a sense of urgency up and down, up and down the organization to get it done. I have no doubt we'll get it done.
Paul D. Donahue: And, Michael, can you repeat the last part of that question, you're, you're kind of fading in and out on it.
Paul D. Donahue: And Michael, Michael, I would just add to that, that you really have to break down. I mean, it's a very broad question, when you start thinking about and talking about market share. It's very fragmented industry. Yes, you have the big four, but then you've got you know, independent WDs scattered throughout the country, along with, with others. So, you really got to look category-by-category. And what I'm pleased to see, and I'm encouraged to see is that when I look at specific product categories, product categories that move the needle, for our business, we have made changes, and we have improved our availability and we've improved our supply chain. And I would tell you if we're at fault for anything, it's it took us too long to make those changes. I think we'll touch on that. So, yes, no doubt better days are ahead and the team under Randy's leadership are all over.
Paul D. Donahue: Hey, Christian, I would just tag on to what, Will said. We are encouraged. One, we'll mention the industrial production numbers, which we saw nice a lift in September. But we've tracked 14 different indicators in our Motion business. Christian, we saw five of those indicators improve in September. So, categories like, I mean, automotive has continued to be positive food products, DC logistics, equipment leasing, all are trending up, including mining. So, yes, to Will's point have -- has the industrial downturn has had reached a trough. I think if it hasn't, we're darn close. And what we generally find is, as we see the major indices like industrial production begin to bounce back, we generally follow that somewhere 60 to 90 days later, we'll see our business begin to shift. So, again, great team at Motion. They've had a phenomenal year, and, and we're looking forward to better days here in 2024 on the top line for that group.
Paul D. Donahue: And Kate, I would just tag out to what Will said. Specific categories that were problematic for us, during the pandemic and even post pandemic, those new programs are rolling out as we speak. So, we would expect to see improvements in those product categories here going forward.
Paul D. Donahue: Yeah. Thanks, Andrea. And, just to reiterate, we want to thank all of our teammates around the globe for their efforts, in the quarter and year to date. And, just to let them know how much we appreciate, all they do for the company and for our customers. I'd also like to thank all of you for joining us today and thanks for your combined and your continued interest in Genuine Parts Company. Have a great day.
