Paul Donahue: Thank you, Carol. Before we go to questions, I just wanted to add a few additional remarks we feel are important. First, we want to remind you of the action steps we outlined in our last call which are the four building blocks of our growth strategy. These are: one, executing our key initiatives to capture greater share of wallet with our existing customer base; two, an aggressive and disciplined acquisition strategy focused on both geographical as well as product line expansions; three, building out our digital capabilities across all four of our businesses; and four, further expanding our U.S. and international store footprint. We are confident that over time, our intense focus in these four key areas will positively impact our sales performance and drive the ongoing steady and consistent growth we look to achieve and our stakeholders expect. Second, we want to assure you that our current performance was not up to our expectations. As we speak, we continue to evaluate our cost structure in all areas of the business to drive immediate savings and longer-term efficiencies. Our goal is to show improved results in the quarters ahead and better position the company for sustainable growth well into the future. As Carol shared earlier, we have a strong balance sheet and excellent cash flows to support our efforts. So in closing as we look ahead, we’re excited with the many opportunities we have at GPC and can point to many positive factors fueling our optimism. We operate in four large and fragmented industries with less than 10% market share in each. The outlook for the automotive aftermarket continues to be positive. The industrial sector is showing early signs of a recovery. Our balance sheet and cash flows remain strong, supporting effective capital allocation strategy, our steady track record of increased dividends for 60 consecutive years and, last, but certainly not least, our team of 40,000 dedicated GPC Associates around the globe committed to delivering exceptional customer service. So despite our current challenges, we feel very good about the long-term prospects for growth at GPC. We’ve been operating now for 88-plus years and we’ve been through challenging times before. And as we move forward, we’ll make the necessary adjustments and we will emerge as a stronger company. We look forward to reporting to you on our progress. So with that, we’ll turn it back to the operator, and Carol and I will take your questions.
Paul Donahue: The Automotive, well, I’ll give you, Chris, the kind of the cadence for the quarter, as I’m sure that will come up. What we saw in our overall Automotive business was predominantly flat in July and August, and then we saw a low to mid single - low single-digit increase in the month of September. So we did see some improvement in September. And while it’s early yet in October, that’s holding a bit. So it gives us a bit of renewed optimism as we head into the all-important fourth quarter. And hopefully, if we get a little winter weather headed our way in November, December that can only further help things. And in Industrial, we’re seeing some green shoots as well. If you look at the indices that we follow, the ISM September numbers were positive, which rebounded from a negative number in August. So we’re starting to see a bit of an uptick in our Industrial business as well.
Paul Donahue: Our overall trend in Automotive was if you go - because you had a lot of calendar movement in the quarter with a couple less days in July, a couple of extra days in August. So it was kind of all over the board, but the positive is we did see a more positive trend in September than what we saw in July and August in our U.S. business, so similar trend to our global business.
Paul Donahue: No. You hit it right on the head, Chris. The growth that we saw in the quarter was temp-related products. So our Electrical business obviously led by batteries was up mid-single digits. We saw a nice increase in our AC type products. We also saw decent business in our tool and equipment side. Where we’re still seeing a bit of a struggle is some of our under car lines, some of our ride control, heavy duty. And we don’t often talk about it on this call, but our capital equipment business, so things like tire changers, wheel balancers, lifts, that business has been off as well. So to your point, we did see some of the benefits of the hot temps coming out of the summer, and it drove business in our Electrical and AC business.
Paul Donahue: Well, you heard the guidance, Chris, and we did take the guidance down a little bit in Q4. We’re comfortable in the range that we told you folks, which is Automotive being up one to up two. Certainly, we’re taking a cautious outlook, and we would hope to outperform. But again, a bit of that is out of our control, so we’ll hope for a little bit of a stronger core business.
Paul Donahue: Let me see if I’m correct with you, Seth. The 2% same-store sales decline in Q3 in U.S. was accurate. Our overall - let me just pull the numbers, our overall business in the U.S., was down 1% and plus - and then, when you add in acquisitions, acquisitions actually added in a point for us.
Paul Donahue: No. I think the actual - our store sales in our company-owned stores and our independent owners were actually right on cue with one another. On the same-store sales were both down about 2%, and then you add back in the strength of acquisitions, gets us to your down 1.
Paul Donahue: No. I think that - I mean it could be a bit, Seth, but we’re not seeing anything dramatic. Look, we’re in constant touch with our key customers, whether they be the Major Accounts of which we have a real focus on our top five Major Accounts. We’re very close to our - obviously to our NAPA AutoCare centers. Their business is soft, and I think our business is trending with theirs, and the bay counts, as we do our survey throughout the marketplace, bay counts are down a bit on both sides, Major Accounts and AutoCare. So it’s just kind of a soft environment out there right now.
Paul Donahue: As I said in my prepared comments, Scot, we’re not pleased with where we find ourselves. If there was anything that was a bit of a surprise for me personally this quarter was our core business and you could almost go to all of our business. But certainly, Automotive and Office, the softness that we saw in our core business certainly is concerning and we always expect more out of our teams. So yes, I think that’s a safe comment. We did expect better.
Paul Donahue: I expected that question, Scot, and I have to tell you that again, as we talk to our key customers, as I was mentioned in an earlier question, we see what their business and how their business is trending, whether it would be with a big national account or with our almost 17,000 AutoCares, and the business climate and the bay count is soft. If we were looking out and seeing a robust business environment with those key customers and key AutoCare centers, I would be more concerned than I am. I do believe what we’re seeing right now in Automotive is transitory. I think we saw it a bit when we came out of 2012 in similar weather patterns. So our expectation, Scot, is that when we get back to - if we get back to a normal winter weather patterns that we will see the rebound in our Automotive business. But no, I don’t believe we’re losing share.
Paul Donahue: It did close, Bret, but I would tell you the trend that we saw in Q3 was much the same as we saw in Q2, which is those big northern divisions which, as I mentioned in my prepared comments, is a large portion of our overall business, so the Northeast, the Central, and I compare those two divisions that are performing well and I have to separate out the West. The West for us is an outlier and it’s an outlier in a good way. Our Western Division business is performing quite well and outperforming all of our other divisions. But if I take the Florida, Southern Atlantic, there’s still - we’re still seeing that 400 basis point to 500 basis point gap between the guys up north and the guys in the warmer climates and - but we did see that begin to close a bit in September, which is encouraging.
Paul Donahue: Again, Bret, we’re looking at everything, as we always do, in our business, whether it’d be ticket counts and basket size, and we are not pleased with where we find our core retail business. I would tell you that I don’t believe we’re losing share to the online players. That is - I mean clearly, they’re growing their business, and I don’t think it’s at the expense of our retail business. But I would mention that where we’re encouraged is where we see growth with our impact stores, the stores that we have relayed and retrofitted to the new look. We’ll have a 150 of those by year-end. We’re seeing double-digit growth there. So it tells me that the retail business is there to be had. We’ve got another 300 stores queued up for 2017 to go to that new look. So we’ll have, hopefully, north of 450 stores in the new format of our - which would be almost half of our company-owned stores by the end of 2017. And our plan then would be we will be able to move the overall needle. Right now with just 150 stores with the new format, it’s tough for us to move the overall retail needle. And I would also mention, Bret, I think that - look, I think the consumer is under a little bit of stress which could be impacting retail across the board.
Paul Donahue: Yes. West Coast, it’s really West Coast. Obviously California is a big, big part of our West Coast business. We’ve been aggressive. Our team has been aggressive out there in conversions, bringing some competitive stores over to the NAPA banner. We’ve done a few bolt-on - small bolt-on acquisitions, but our core business is healthier out there as well, which goes back to - and kind of reinforces the comments that you have to be led to believe that the impact that we’re seeing on the Automotive business is being largely driven by weather patterns because in those warm climates, certainly out west is reflective - the business is okay.
Paul Donahue: Well, yes. Thanks, Greg. Those were two challenged businesses for us this past quarter, both down low single-digits. Our Major Accounts business is approaching $2 billion in sales, so it’s a significant part of our overall wholesale business. Our AutoCare center business, which was down slightly year-over-year and I mean very slightly, represents well over $1 billion as well. And fleet, a comment on the fleet. It was down more than the overall business. And again, not surprised, not a total surprise because we have a significant business in the heavy-duty class 6, 7, 8 truck business and we’re seeing softness across that element of our business as well.
Paul Donahue: No. I honestly don’t think so. We just spent a day with our heavy-duty team earlier this week, Greg, and we did an acquisition in that space earlier this year. So we’re getting more and more broader in our scope and in our footprint, in our heavy-duty business. And honestly, we think that business is under pressure across the entire heavy-duty industry.
Paul Donahue: From a demand perspective, Matt, certainly, it’s interesting to listen to our peer groups and the other players in our industry. And if there is one consistent theme, it is that softness up in that part of the country. I would also - in addition to potentially softer overall demand, I would tell you that in terms of the competitive nature of that part of the country, it’s as tough as any market that we compete in. There’s a lot of players. There’s a lot of strong players, a lot of strong regional players. It’s a competitive market and again we don’t believe we’re losing market share, but it is a challenging market no doubt.
Paul Donahue: Well, Matt, I’m not sure we’re going to want to get into all of that detail, but I would suffice to say that our overall same-store sales, as mentioned, was down two. We had a point that - a positive point through acquisitions which led to our overall U.S. business decline of 1%.
Paul Donahue: No, the - and obviously, you know our DIFM business is our bread and butter, and our DIFM business is really what drives our overall same-store sales number. Retail is still an overall smaller percentage, but our DIFM business was down in that very low single-digit number.
Paul Donahue: Well, if you think about our global footprint now, Elizabeth, and you think about four different industries that we conduct business in, there are multiple acquisition opportunities. So when you take into account Asia Pacific, you take into account Canada, Mexico, U.S., and then our Office business, our Industrial business, our Automotive, we look at - as well as Electrical, we look at all of our businesses. And we’ve actually now - we’ve completed 16, 17 acquisitions already this year, and they’ve impacted all four businesses and have been in most every geographical region that we conduct business in. So there is no shortage of opportunities out there.
Paul Donahue: Yes. So we get asked that question often, Elizabeth. As of today, we’re quite pleased to be in the four businesses that we’re in. We’ve got strategies in the works in all four. We do believe the four; you mentioned the synergies that they bring to Genuine Parts Company. So as of today, we are committed to all four. That’s not to say at any point in time in the future, if we get to a point where we don’t believe either we’re the best owner of the business or that we can grow a business, we would consider divesting that business. We’ve done it in the past. But at this point, we have no plans to do that.
Carol Yancey: Yes. I would point you more, if you think about where we are through the nine months, so we’re up 17 basis points through the nine months. And that’s probably a more normalized where we would expect to be. But in the quarter, what we had is a combination of the factors mentioned. So there was some - definitely, the customer and product mix would be probably a part of it and that’s coming from areas, if you think about what Paul mentioned on the product side and Automotive on the product side, some of the application parts and you’ve got higher margins there, even when you move over to the Office side and the categories you talked about, you have a definite product mix shift there that was positive. And then on the acquisitions, we mentioned that they come with a higher gross margin but they also have higher SG&A and then the increased rebates. I think if you look at the quarter, you would probably say that they’re pretty evenly safe of how they contributed, but I would also point you to more than nine months number to say that, that’s you know hopefully, where we can continue to hold.
Carol Yancey: So the fluctuation between the corporate experience - or the other expense, half of the increases related to the real estate gains on several pieces of property and half was related to the retirement plan valuation adjustment.
Carol Yancey: Yes, so I would tell you, the gross margin improvement that we had were across our Automotive, Industrial and Office businesses. And then at the same time, the SG&A deterioration was in all four of our segments. And when you look at the core sales, the majority of what you’re seeing there is related to the core sales. And where we modeled, where we thought we would be second half of the year, we weren’t quite there. We thought we would be. So we’ve got just - it takes us longer to get those cost out and we’re really adjusting to a lower level of core sales growth. And then I think the other big part of this is the acquisitions that certainly - I mean we’ve made 16 or so acquisitions this year, and all those acquisitions come in, many of them come in with a different cost structure, but certainly accretive on the margin side, but they’re coming in with higher SG&A. And in some, you have some incremental costs when you first have these acquisitions, and it takes up a couple of quarters to get those costs out. So I think all-in-all, the weak sales factor is the biggest thing that’s impacting the SG&A, but I can tell you, our teams are working very, very hard right now to address all of our costs and we’ve done a lot of work on our headcount. We’ve done a lot of work on our facilities. And then you will see the improvements we’ve done, it just hasn’t been enough to offset the decline in the core sales.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So the other revenue line, that is where we have the impact of our additional sales discounts and incentives. And so when we have the acquisitions that have flowed into the segment sales, with those acquisitions come their additional sales, customer discounts, and so a lot of that increase is related to the acquisitions coming in. So it’s really the growth number is up above in the segments and that’s the net adjustment. Yes, we’ll have a more normalized. If you use the Q3 number, that’s probably going to be our more normal go-forward amount.
Carol Yancey: Yes, I did earlier. That’s in the other line of corporate expense line. So the delta between last year Q3 and this year Q3, the delta is half related to real estate gains and half related to the pension retirement valuation adjustment, and that is not in the segment margin. That’s in other.
Carol Yancey: It’s largely one-off. I mean we have transactions all the time, but there are some more significant ones this quarter, so that’s largely one-off. Therefore, when we gave our guidance for corporate expense for the full-year, you’re going to be back to a more normal run rate.
Carol Yancey: Yes. So Greg, it’s a combination of what you said, but the Q3, the weaker sales is the primary driver, which we had that in Q3 and we’re expecting that in Q4, but we certainly factored in what occurred in Q3, but the primary driver is the weak sales, but we took into account the incremental one-time things that we had in Q3 as well.
Carol Yancey: We probably - to your point, we probably are more in a steady state of probably assuming that there is nothing beyond this point and no tax law changes, we probably are in a 36% to 36.5% rate and that would just assume the same mix that we have today, but it would be dependent on future acquisitions or any tax law changes, but I think you’re right.
Carol Yancey: Yes. Actually our inventories are flat when you take out the acquisitions and currency. So we don’t think - I mean the acquisition was a pretty significant number in inventory, so we don’t think there is anything there. But having said that, and certainly if you say we’re pleased with flat, but we also know we have further opportunities with some of this facility rationalizations and some of our productivity improvements to further tighten down the inventory. So that maybe a further source of working capital for us going forward.
Carol Yancey: I don’t think they will. And I think, like I said, there’s a lot of initiatives going across all of our businesses, but I don’t think we really have that going forward.
Carol Yancey: We’d like to thank you for your support and your interest in Genuine Parts Company. Thank you for your participation today, and we look forward to reporting back out with our year-end earnings in February. Thank you.
Greg Melich: Hi, thanks. I had a couple of questions. Paul, I’d like to start on some of the breakdowns of what’s been strong or weak. I think you mentioned that fleet in Major Accounts were negative. Were they more negative than the Company? And just remind us what percentage of your sales are in that bucket.
Greg Melich: Could you speak on that in particular because I think you mentioned ride control and heavy-duty. Are there any shared shifts going on there that could explain that? Or do you think this is just overall demand and I have another question.
Greg Melich: So you factored in also something lower in the fourth quarter, obviously, but the bulk of it is in the third quarter miss basically.
