Thomas C. Gallagher: Thank you, Carol and Paul, for your updates. So that's a recap of our first quarter performance. As mentioned earlier, going back to the beginning of the year, we felt that the first quarter was going to be a challenge for us, and that certainly proved to be the case. However, with that said, we continue to feel good about our prospects over the remainder of the year. And in fact, would like to reaffirm the guidance that was provided in our March 11 call. And our expectation for the full year is revenue increase in the 10% to 12% range and earnings per share to be in the $4.45 to $4.60 range. As a reminder, these figures include the recent completion of our Exego acquisition. And achieving these results would be a solid performance from the GPC team, in our opinion, and we look forward to updating these figures as the year progresses. At this point, I would like to address your questions and will turn the call back over to Brooke.
Thomas C. Gallagher: John, we do in fact see some improvement. It's early in April yet, but the mid-month figures are more in line on a per day basis with what we saw in January and February. And as I said, it is early, but we're hoping that what we saw in March truly was an aberration. And with that said, also, each of our management teams has got some very specific and focused initiatives to try to continue to drive revenue improvements.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We saw, as Carol mentioned, we saw some deflation in the Automotive side of the business in the first quarter. We saw a very modest inflation in both Office Products and in Industrial. And we saw just over 1% in the Electrical side. As far as our ability to pass them on, you may recall that in Automotive, when we get a price increase, we implement a price increase. In the case of Industrial, we do have some contractual arrangements, so where we have a pricing window is where we can implement those price increases. But I think, as a general statement, it would be fair to say that we're comfortable with the fact that we can pass any price increase along as long as we adhere to those pricing windows that are contractually negotiated. As far as the remainder of the year, our outlook right now would be for very modest price increases over the remainder of the year. We don't see any indication at this point that there's going to be a significant push for price increases from our vendor community across each of the businesses. And certainly, we're not going to take one if we don't feel we can maintain our competitive positioning in the marketplace.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, John, I'll take the first stab at that, and then Carol can help me out. And I would say that -- keep in mind that at one point, we were in the low-to-mid 30s with debt to total cap. And while we are not uncomfortable at that level, we found that it made more sense for us to pay that down and to use the cash to remove that debt. As we go forward, we'll pay the debt down unless we find a higher and better use of the money for shareholder value creation. So we're not adverse to carrying more debt than we have the last few years. But at the same time, we think it has to make good long-term sense for the shareholders of Genuine Parts Company.
Thomas C. Gallagher: It doesn't. I think what Paul is talking about is the delta between the northern operations and the rest of the operations. So the northern operations are still trailing the performance of the remaining operations. But the degree of change has narrowed in the first quarter. if that helps explain that.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, they haven't. But what's happened is, if we go back to the third and fourth quarters of last year, the relative difference between the northern operations and the southern operations and the remaining operations, the difference in performance would have been 500 to 600 basis points. In the first quarter, the difference in performance was closer to 300 basis points. I guess the point we're trying to make is that we see the northern operations narrowing the gap with the remaining operations. And if that continues, we would think that, that will continue to enhance the overall performance of the Automotive operations.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, that's a hard number to get to, and we wouldn't hazard a guess on that. We do know it was a positive influence in the first quarter results last year. And we saw evidence of that as we get into the second quarter. And perhaps that's a possible contributor to the fact that we're seeing the comps improve in April back to more what they were in January and February.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I'll tell you, rather than get hung up on it here, we could -- I'm going to have Sid do some work on it. And he can follow up directly with you or you can follow up -- and anybody on the call can follow up with Sid, and we'll try to give you a clearer understanding of it.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Matt, I can't parse it in such a way that I can tell you specifically which customer segments in the month of March. I can tell you for the quarter that we saw comparative weakness in what we call equipment and machinery, which is a big category for us. And they would be largely OEM-type manufacturers. And then we continued to see some softness in the mining and aggregate and coal segments. And that was offset some by strength in automotive, and we were encouraged by the fact that lumber and wood products continued to show some improving trends, I guess following what we're all reading about the housing sector. And then pulp and paper held up well for us in the quarter. So -- but I can't address March specifically.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I'll take the first stab at that, Keith, and maybe Paul can help out. I would suggest that based upon the results we've seen with our 2 primary commercial initiatives, which would be NAPA AutoCare and major account, and the fact that we continue to grow those businesses and those businesses experienced, I think, pretty good growth for us in the quarter. And I think based upon what we can gather anecdotally, our growth in the commercial side of the business might have exceeded the growth of the overall commercial market through the quarter. I think it would suggest to us that, at a minimum, we've held our own share and perhaps we even gained some. And that's a continuation of a trend that we've seen for several years now. Sometimes, we get asked who's the share gainer, who's the share donor? And we can't answer that categorically. We can only base our comment on what we see that's publicly disclosed. And I think it would suggest that the publicly-traded companies, perhaps, are gaining share. And maybe it's coming from some non-publicly-traded companies. As far as what happens going forward, it's going to continue to be a very, very competitive marketplace. So there's no doubt in our minds about that, and it's going to be a matter of who executes most consistently and most crisply going forward. And I think trends in the industry would favor some of the larger players just because of the demands that are out there in terms of the overall investments in inventory, the service levels, the training you give people, the technology, all of the things that are important to a commercial account. So I think they play to the favor of those who have the balance sheet and the logistical capabilities to meet those demands.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, I think the industry overall will probably experience some consolidation. And I think the market dynamics and circumstances will force some of that over time. It's not a new phenomenon. We've seen quite a bit of that going on over the past several years. So our sense is that, that will continue.
Thomas C. Gallagher: No, I don't think there's anything necessarily competitive. I think it more directly ties to what we see happening with freight movement. If you look at the TSI, the Transportation Services Index, it actually was down. I think it was down 1.2% or 1.8% in Q4. We don't have Q1 numbers as yet, but my guess is it was probably somewhere in that range. So I think there's just been some modest slowdown in the amount of freight that's being moved.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we are seeing some evidence of it in those parts of the country where we are having more normal weather. If you go up into the Midwest, we've got the issue with flooding that's going on there. We just had another snowstorm that moved through there. So that's an impediment to the DIY business there. But if we come into the warmer climate states, we do see DIY business a little bit better than what it has been. But I would also say that we think the DIY business, overall, is probably off a bit from where we'd all like to see it, just general economic circumstances.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I don't think we can pinpoint it that precisely. But logic would suggest that the delay in payroll tax refunds could have an impact. And certainly, the higher payroll tax could have an impact. If you think of a household that has a $75,000 household income, let's say, and they have to get by on $1,500 less in take-home pay, they're going to have to adjust disposable income and spending patterns. And I think, yes, that would be a contributor for sure. The payroll tax refunds will normalize here. But the impact of the increased payroll tax is something we're going to have to work our way through over an extended period.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, we would suggest that you will see store growth, at least from the NAPA side of the business. And we've got some specific plans. I don't think we'd want to necessarily disclose where we think the best opportunities are, but I think you can look for us going forward to expand our store footprint something between 1% and 2% per year.
Thomas C. Gallagher: We don't breakout gross margin by segment. The -- what's driving deflation right now, I think, in Automotive are competitive circumstances. And I think manufacturers are having to meet the competitive situations, and it's resulting in deflation, modest deflation but deflation all the same, in our Automotive business.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think directionally, you could say that -- let me back up. Our expectation right now is that we will see gross margin improvement for Genuine Parts Company as we work our way through the year. And in order to get that, we're going to have to get contribution from each of our businesses. But we do, in fact, think that we will show some gross profit improvement as the year progresses. We went through -- just as a reminder, we went through a several-year period where we actually had some gross margin degradation. And we were able to offset it with some good SG&A work. Last year, we had modest gross margin improvement. And our expectation is that we will, in fact, see some gross profit improvement again in 2013.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Brian, I'll take the first stab at that. At this point, no, there is not a plan to do that. And the reason why is that the business operates under the name of Repco. And Repco is a name that's been around actually 2 years longer than Genuine Parts has been around, and they are the #1 brand over there. It's an iconic brand in their home markets. So our plan would be to use our sourcing leverage, combined sourcing leverage, to enable them to continue to do what they do. And they've got their own private label brand in addition to some manufacturer brands. And we're going to continue to let them operate as Repco because they are, in fact, the most highly recognized brand in that marketplace.
Thomas C. Gallagher: I think it's probably the same across all. And look, we've been through different cycles before. And things tend to get a bit more competitive when we see end market demand slow up some. And everybody's trying to find ways to improve their relative positioning in markets like this. So I don't think it's any more pronounced than what we've seen in other cycles, but it hasn't diminished at all, either.
Thomas C. Gallagher: Well, no. We knew that -- actually, what I think we said was that we thought the first half of the year would be more challenging than the back half of the year, with the first quarter being the most challenging. As we look toward the remainder of the year, I think that if we look at the Industrial-related businesses, their recovery will be a little slower than what we would expect in our Automotive business. And frankly, our Automotive business, I think, held up pretty well under the circumstances and considering the fact that we had all of the variables at play there. So I think Automotive should fare well going forward. I think the others will all improve their position as the year progresses. But I think it will take -- it will be one extra quarter for Industrial and Electrical to probably get back to where they think they'll be.
Carol B. Yancey: Well, we do. With our business, we do look at stepping that number down if we need to. And we were going to have an increase even without Exego this year because we do have several technology projects that are helping our distribution centers and our stores be more productive. So originally, we had stepped that number up from about $100 million to $115 million to $130 million. And then with Exego, we stepped it up just a little bit more. So that's probably a pretty good run rate. But again, we can adjust that number as need be. But we will continue to reinvest in our businesses with technologies.
Carol B. Yancey: And I guess we're going to continue -- as we continue to support our priorities for cash, as we talked about, our cash flows have been just really strong lately, and we still see some improvement there. So if we can continue to support our dividends, share repurchases, strategic bolt-on acquisitions and our CapEx and then still be able to work on paying down that debt, then that's what we plan to do.
Carol B. Yancey: It's a timing thing of projects. So usually in the beginning of the year and dependent on weather and things like that, you may have fewer building projects and things like that. So it's really just a timing thing. We're usually a little lighter in the first quarter. And then honestly, with the slowdown in business, they may have delayed starting some things to start those in Q2 or Q3.
Carol B. Yancey: We thank you for your time and interest and your support of Genuine Parts Company, and we look forward to talking to you in our second quarter release. And if you need anything else, please let us know. Thank you.
Gregory S. Melich: I had 2 questions. First, I just want to make sure on the guidance that I got it right. You said that it's unchanged and that -- I thought I heard you say that the sales was unchanged as well as part of that. So could you just update us to whether those ranges by category that you gave earlier in the year, I think it was 5% to 7% in auto and one of the biggest...
Gregory S. Melich: That does. That's perfect. And then a second on the inflation/deflation front. I guess it ties into gross margin a bit. Auto deflation, if I remember, last year was down a little bit, maybe 0.3%, something like that.
Gregory S. Melich: So that could influence your top line negatively, but does it -- is it fair to say that, that means you can get continued sourcing cost savings to help gross margin in the auto business? I guess that's what I'm trying to figure out. Not give us the numbers, but just directionally speaking.
Gregory S. Melich: Okay. So that auto deflation seems to -- can you confirm that's a trend now? It's been around for at least 5 quarters.
