Thomas Cleves: Thank you, Lori. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining International Paper's First Quarter Earnings Conference Call. Our key speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. Mary Laschinger, Senior Vice President and President of xpedx will also participate in today's call.  During the call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2011 earnings press release and today's presentation slides.  I'll now turn the call over to John Faraci.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, John. Thanks, Tim and Mary. One personal note, this'll be my final quarterly earnings call as the Head of Investor Relations at IP. I've enjoyed working with the investment community over the last 4 years, and I appreciate your support. I'm turning the IR reins over to a good friend of mine, Glenn Landau. Glenn has been with IP for more than 20 years. He has worked in our U.S. and European Container businesses. He headed up strategic planning for our Forest Products business and for the last 4 years, he's been running our Containerboard and Recycling businesses. I look forward to introducing Glenn to many of you in person. Glenn and Emily and I will be available after the Q&A for follow-up questions.  With that, I'll turn the call over to Lori for the first question.
Thomas Cleves: Yes, it's really -- we under-invested in Augusta for a couple of years, going back 5 years. And it was more about maintenance and reliability of the whole process from the back end through the machines and we've just gotten our process back under control. We've invested more than our usual share of maintenance capital over the last 2 years, and we worked our way from the back end to the machines and have improved for reliability. So we're seeing significantly better quality and throughput, and we don't have the upsets that we're managing from weekend or month in and out. It's all about reliability.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Lori. Thanks for joining our call today. And Glenn and Emily and I will be available via telephone for follow-up calls.
John Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tom. And just before I get started, you're moving off to another assignment shortly. Thank you for your work with investors over the last 3-plus years.
John Faraci: Okay. For the first quarter, we characterize this a good solid quarter for International Paper. The momentum that we talked about with you last year that started to build in the second quarter of 2010 continues. One of the things that really made a difference for International Paper, it has made a difference, and continues to make a difference is our global balance. And as we talk about our performance during, as Tim will, you'll see that global balance really starting to pay off in our results.  First quarter were solid returns, again, in the cost of capital range. Operating EPS of $0.74 versus $0.04 a year ago and up 18% sequentially quarter-to-quarter. During the quarter, as you know, we also increased our dividend for the third time and increased it to slightly above prerecession levels. And during the quarter, we announced a strategic entry into the India paper and packaging markets.  So just turning to that slide here, a brief financial snapshot before I turn it over to Tim. Sales were up 10%; we improved EBITDA margins up 400 basis points over the first quarter, 60 points -- 60 basis points over the fourth quarter; we continued very strong free cash flow; and a first quarter that always is and was seasonally weak. And this time is impacted by quite a bit of bad weather in the January-February timeframe; continued debt reduction; and continue to have a strong cash balance on the balance sheet.  So with that, I'll turn it over to Tim to take you through the first quarter in somewhat more detail.
John Faraci: Hey, Tim, thanks. I'm going to start the quarter by just repeating what Tim just said. The momentum continues. Despite the input cost headwinds that we got, we got the right businesses in the right places with good discipline and focus execution. And what that's leading to is continued strong earnings per share results, free cash flow and ROI.  So I'm now on the chart that shows all the red, yellow and green that is really how we think about the outlook going forward. Near term is more of the same. We're going to get some seasonal volume improvement. That's around the world not just in North America. Some sales pricing improvement. Another solid quarter at Ilim. We got 2 significant changes in the second quarter, one, internal that we managed and that's -- we're going to the second quarter with a lot of outages that were planned as the -- our heavy-outage quarter. So that's going to cost us about $0.11 a share, kind of quarter-over-quarter. And we see more input cost headwinds, specifically transportation. As Tim said, we had $50 million in the first quarter this year versus the fourth quarter. And the second quarter, we don't know how it's going to turn out but it could easily be another $50 million.  So with that though, we still expect the second quarter to be solid. We expect good operations. We expect strong cash flow, and we expect good solid return on investment across the International Paper portfolio.  And with that, I think we'll -- I'll turn it back to you, Tom, for questions.
John Faraci: Well, the footprint, Chip, hasn't changed a whole lot. It's in the process of changing. We did sell an interest in a bleached board mill that we had that was part of Ilim, but the 3 big assets that we purchased, the uncoated free sheet and containerboard facility in the north, northwest to Kotlas, and the 2 Siberian pulp mills, are -- they're still in the portfolio. We built a box plant. That's new. And we're right at, I'd say, the first third of the modernization strategy that was part of the whole acquisition that where there's a project going on at Kotlas in the northwest at a paper machine and a coater. The paper machine was relocated from a mill that IP shut down, Inverurie in the U.K. And then the big pulp modernization and expansion project in Bratsk is underway. So the footprint is in the process of changing. Ilim is funding that capital project through its own balance sheet and through the free cash flow they're generating. So their debt, their balance sheet debt is going up but it's on their balance sheet, and it's well within Ilim's financial capability to service that debt.
John Faraci: Chip, it's Tom Kadien, who oversees the bleached board business around the world, is here. So I'll just let him take that question.
John Faraci: And Rick, our inventories are down 30,000 tons in March compared to February and also down compared to the end of last year.
John Faraci: Well, we don't know how it's going to impact 2011 because we haven't closed on it yet, and we don't know when we're going to close. But we expect we will close at some point in time during the year. I'll let Tom Kadien talk to that, because he's the one who spent all the time in India over the last year, getting us to the point where we said we're ready to go.
John Faraci: I'd say, we'll talk more about India once we had the business closed. But this looks to us like Poland looked with Kwidzyn, like Ilim looked, very attractive opportunities to build out what's there in a market that's got a lot of growth ahead of it, both in paper and packaging.
John Faraci: But, Mark, since that comes up pretty quickly, and we planned outages well and ahead to schedule contractors in, we can do a little work. But we can't do the outage work when we have market-related downtime, because we're doing that on the fly, not planning ahead for it.
John Faraci: Yes. [indiscernible] $50 million -- first to ForEx, [ph] though. It could be another $50 million, first to second.
John Faraci: And, George, we talked about shifting from integrating the business to optimizing it. As Carol talked about, optimizing a $9-billion business doesn't happen in 12 months. The supply chain capability we're going to have across the mill systems as we go into 2012 is going to enable us to really take another chunk of working capital out because we're going to have less rolling stock moving around the system, because we're going to have much better visibility into how to schedule mills and get the right rolling stock to the right box plants.
John Faraci: Well, as Carol said, we're going to match our supply to demand. We made a major shift footprint when we decided to permanently close 2 big facilities, Albany, Oregon and Pineville, Louisiana. The box business is recovering but not fully recovered. I mean, we're going to get back to 2000 levels of box consumption, and I'm talking about the industry now. It's just a question of how many years is it going to take, but that's going to happen. So we're not looking at a business that's got a shrinking demand, and as Tim pointed out, we have -- our strategy is to serve all 3 markets: the independent market in the U.S., the integrated market and the export market. And the global demand for virgin linerboard is growing at 3% a year, where the U.S. is the low-cost producer. And we're the low-cost producer in the U.S. So we're not going to go build another linerboard mill, but we're not looking to shrink the business because we don't see the market shrinking.
John Faraci: We do. 80% of what xpedx sells, IP makes. They're heavy into the paper merchant channel, and they're heavy in the packaging. And that's International Paper's core business in North America. And the merchant channel happens to be a big channel for paper companies, because a lot of paper gets sold to the merchants. And xpedx happens to be our largest merchant customer, but we have a lot of very good and very strategic independent customers. So we don't run the business on an integrated business, we run it as a standalone profit center. And it's a great window to the market for us around paper and packaging. If xpedx was in the plumbing supplies business, we wouldn't be in it because that's not our core business, but paper and packaging is. And we're figuring out ways also to go joint the market with xpedx and some of the other IP businesses, where we have a capability to do something, having distribution and manufacturing that the competition, just has distribution or just has manufacturing, doesn't have. Now having said that, xpedx has got to earn its cost of capital on its own capital. It's a different kind of business. As Mary said, it's a buy-handle-sell business, not a capital-intensive process business. So the linkage, the strategic linkage is what xpedx sells.
John Faraci: And commercially, Mark, if you look at our results, I mean, they speak for themselves, we've gotten $90-plus of price improvement in the box business year-over-year, and we're still getting price improvement in the box business through the first quarter. I mean, we've managed -- we're managing the business very well in the commercial side.
John Faraci: I think we're seeing what we would expect, Gail. Seasonal improvement in the U.S. in the face of -- the GDP number just came out was 1.8%. March feels a whole lot better than January and February, for obvious reasons. And April is feeling like it's the usual kind of April and, call it, at 2% GDP environment. So we're feeling pretty positive about demand in the U.S. but not euphoric. On the paper side -- I mean, the underlying structural issues haven't changed. We just got a recovering economy. I think March was the first month that we had fairly strong paper shipments. So even if we get a couple of months of positive, I mean, year-over-year paper shipments, we still think the underlying demand trends are slightly down. We'll have to see how that plays out. Around the world, it's a different story. I mean, Brazil, paper shipments were up 7% quarter-over-quarter. Our box business, including Turkey, which we do equity accounting, we've since take the volume for our box business. And in Europe, it was up 11% quarter-over-quarter. So those kinds of numbers are indicative of the fact that the world outside North America is growing at pretty healthy rates, and we're in those markets. And that's kind of one of the IP differences. So the bleached board business looks quite solid. That business came back faster than Containerboard. In terms on the demand side, it fell very sharply in the first quarter last year. That was the low watermark, but we're back to sold out with strong backlogs. So it feels like a recovering but not a fully recovered economy in North America. And outside North America, it feels like the rest of the world. Even places like Europe, where we think we really have problems, are showing some pretty good growth for us, especially in packaging.
John Faraci: It was more around converting plants in xpedx locations that weren't running because people couldn't get to work or people could get to work customers couldn't take product. It wasn't, as Carol said, impacting the operation of our big mills, which has happened before when we get cold weather. This is more unusual, and it hit the converting plants in the markets where we're shipping to customers.
John Faraci: Yes, they are. We're excited about APPM. It is not unique, but it's one of the a few -- not every paper and packaging company in India has plantations that they can get fiber from. And we think the -- to kind of the farmer forestry program that APPM has is a good one and can be expanded.
John Faraci: And, Gail, I wouldn't characterize Poland as having a great fiber base. Some of the most expensive wood in the world for us. Russia is different story.
John Faraci: Mark, you go across the whole spectrum of commodities and raw materials that we buy, we're not buying everything on a truckload by truckload, railcar by railcar basis. But we're not buying anything on multiyear basis either. So we've got some agreements that re-price every quarter. We've got some that are coming out every month. We've got some that are 6 months. but by and large, we're going to see input cost increases if they're out there.
Timothy Nicholls: Thanks, Mary. Let me turn to Ilim and talk about what was a great quarter. Again, this is Ilim's fourth quarter, our first quarter, because we report on a one-quarter lag, but -- volume was up slightly, price was essentially flat on Pulp and operations had a record quarter. So all in all, Ilim turned in the result we expected, and we expect that result to continue to improve as we go into our second quarter, their first.  And just to recap for you, we did -- John mentioned the dividend we received in the first quarter that now brings the total dividends received from Ilim over the history of the joint venture to right at $200 million on a $650 million investment. So if you look at Ilim's results today, and we recorded on an equity accounting basis, but if we were consolidating, Ilim would have the highest return on investment in the company at right at 25% with 30%-plus EBITDA margins.  So one last slide before I turn it back over to John, and this is really a summary slide. We look at the transformation plan, which happens 3 or 4 years ago, what we say that, that transformation plan is really working. And if you go back to 2008, we thought we were on pace to have a cost-of-capital year in 2009 before the crisis had. So as we come through 2010 and recover faster than probably what most expectations were, we positioned ourselves in the second half of last year to have a cost-of-capital year in 2011. And in the first quarter, we're in that zone, and we see the momentum continuing. So we expect that in 2011, we'll have the year we expected to have in 2009.  And with that, I'll turn it back over to John for the outlook.
Timothy Nicholls: And you've got the uncertainty of what input costs are going to do, Mark. That's a bit of a wild card at this point.
Timothy Nicholls: I'll let Carol speak to it. But what I was talking about, Gail, was that we had stepped back from the export market's a little bit anticipating higher box shipments in North America, and then weather hit. And so we had to react to -- we had to react with the manufacturing system to what we were experiencing in the market.
Timothy Nicholls: Gail, just to be clear though. We do not own those fiber plantations. Those are owned by private landowners, about 40,000 of them who grow trees and provide them to APPM.
Timothy Nicholls: I think you'd expect to see more of the same. We've been balanced, and we said we wanted to be balanced. And so I think if you look at our actions over the past year, you see that balance, and how we're thinking about it has not changed.
Timothy Nicholls: In Europe, Mark, our Industrial Packaging business makes double-digit returns. I mean, if you take the first quarter and annualize it, they were at double-digit ROI.
Timothy Nicholls: We really haven't, Mark. It's really difficult to do it on the transportation side. And surcharges, to the extent they exist, are really business specific, business to business. The only place we really have them to a small degree is in xpedx, but it's really very small. So it's an exposure that we pretty much take it as it comes and then look to decrease miles. So our hedge against higher transportation cost is through the supply chain operating model, and we can't offset it all when we have these spikes.
Timothy Nicholls: And so there's not really any hedging out there, from a financial instrument standpoint, but we use the buying power of International Paper globally to look at how we supply inputs and try to maximize that leverage.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, it's something that we look at, but I think that what we want to do is be balanced in terms of how we return cash to shareowners versus other uses of cash. And we have options around how we do that, so I'll just leave it at that.
Thomas Kadien: Our business in China, the JV, is essentially sold out. So we're capped on through-put. If you look, we're selling about 200,000, somewhat 220,000 tons a quarter, I think. We were flat year-over-year in terms of output. It's a nonintegrated facility. We have to manage our margins there, and we did a great job recovering our margins in the first quarter after the runoff in pulp prices hit us in the second half of last year. We had about an 11% ROI on the business in the first quarter. If you look at the first half of last year, I think we were at our high point of about 15% ROI. And that's the range that we're going to be in until the new machine starts up, which will be about the fourth quarter of 2012, the next machine.
Thomas Kadien: Right now, we're in a 90-day approval period, where we have to get approval of both the Bank of India and Security Exchange Bureau of India (sic) [Securities and Exchange Board of India]. We expect that will end around the end of June. So we're hopeful to close. We've got no indication of any issues, so it could close early third quarter. The first phase for us is really to optimize the assets that are on the ground. We think that we can get about 20% productivity improvement out of the existing pulp mill and paper machines that are at the 2 locations, and we think we can do that inside of 2 years with really no capital. After that, sort of what I would call Phase 2, 2 years down the road, we'll be looking at expansion projects as we have when we got into other emerging markets. So I think it'll be incrementally positive. The business has got good EBITDA margins right now, 23%, and we think we can improve on that the next year or 2.
Thomas Kadien: I'll start with the Asia piece, Mark, this is Tom Kadien. We're in the middle of integrating the SCA box plants that we acquired less than a year ago. And we're also really focused on pushing our prices as we've had significant OCC pricing increases that flowed through to the recycle containerboard that we buy. We've caught up with the SCA plants. We were breakeven in the quarter but much better than that in the month of March, and we're seeing progress on the acquisitions there. But it's been a tough environment to raise box prices in.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Rick. This is Carol, I'll take that question. Clearly as you can see, we have a very big outage quarter coming in the second quarter. And then that will be combined with what we'll see as the seasonal uptick in box demand mainly driven by the seasonality of agriculture, of which is a significant part of our portfolio. So the expectation for us is that our inventories will come down due to that imbalance through the quarter. We entered the quarter at about where we need to be. I'm hopeful that the challenge will be for us, if there's an uptick in demand, that will create a challenge, but that will be fine. We'll manage through that. So that's the phenomenon that we're going to face as we go through the second quarter.
Carol Roberts: Rick, this is Carol again. That's a great question. What we have to remember is these are quarterly averages. And so as you recall, prices were rising through the first quarter of last year. So we could average those. If you go from -- if I extract the data on a monthly basis, the high point -- from the low point to the high point on box pricing, for us, is about $107 a ton. So you have to just take that in consideration. That's a quarterly average.
Carol Roberts: Mark, this is Carol again. I would say that your number's a little high. If you think about it from an unabsorbed fixed cost perspective, it would probably be in the -- probably $12 million range. And then in addition to that, one of the things that we've gotten pretty good at is we actually like our flexibility. Our ability to match our supply to our demand, where that used to be kind of a big headwind, now we're pretty good. So we optimize the system, optimizing low-cost fiber. So I don't think we had much of a consumption penalty with that downtime.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I think the big offset that we would see, for ourselves, will be the seasonal uptick in volume. So we will see a stronger second quarter on volume than the first, and that's the lever that we've got to offset the increase in costs due to the outages.
Carol Roberts: George, it's a great question. And my learning from being in this business for the time I've been in it, is it's a large business. And if you want to move the bottom line, you got to have a systemic approach. And in my opinion, it needs to be a fairly broad-based approach, because one thing is not going to move the needle. So we have still opportunity to get better, there's no doubt. We have a very systemic approach on our mills side. We have focus on consumption, fiber, energy, chemicals. We have focus on reliability, which then ends up impacting our spending. And we've got capital projects, which I've referenced in the past, relative to some very high return targeted. We're talking in the million-dollars range, not 50 or 100 by project. Box plant is equally important, and the great part about the box business is you got to play offense and defense. Meaning, you need very good competitive facilities, and so we're focused there on waste productivity throughput. Bricks and mortar. We closed 3 facilities last fourth quarter, because we can get more through the bricks and mortar we have. But simultaneously with that, we've got to be focused on our commercial effectiveness. This is a game that you're selling, and it's a broad-based selling effort. So we've got a lot of effort there around making sure that we sell value, that we price well, that we do the right things there. And then the other thing we've got is supply chain. I mean, we move 10 million tons across the globe. And there's a lot of opportunity to keep getting better and smarter in that, and we are making that, probably the last piece of our Weyerhaeuser, work. We're putting our operating model in the Weyerhaeuser mills right now, and that's going to allow us to really make a step change in how we operate that part. All that said, at the end of the day, the key theme that we've got to do is build low-cost mills for competitive advantage and manage supply to demand. I mean, this business has to be run well from that perspective, and then have a great box system to take it to market. And then as we put in our presentation, leverage our global reach to find the best markets and optimize. So we've got a really great hand to play, and I'm convinced we've got more opportunity to make it better.
Carol Roberts: Well, once again, I would say we had a very good quarter. We did operate well. And I think the fact that, believe it or not, that we possibly had, matching our supply to our demand, we had that downtime. We were able to flex our fiber where we ran. And we backed out some of our highest cost fiber, the OCC and leverage virgin, which was good. We continue to see the modest growth, which was helpful. So I think those are some of the things that we -- we've got a great system. And one of the things we're building in to our mindset and to our operations is flexibility. And so we have operators by control room, Mark, that are focused on how to get gas out of boilers, how to optimum-ly run based upon the demand we've got. So I think that's a real competitive advantage we've got. It's a big system. And if you can get your hands around it, you can really leverage it for benefit.
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would add that I think the hit in the quarter from the weather was mainly a volume hit. I think we managed the cost side of that extremely well. And it didn't hit on mills other than, as Tim said, little less demand, which we actually, I think, to some respect, took advantage of, and our box business responded very well. So I don't see the weather as a huge cost hit in the quarter. I see it as a volume deduct.
Carol Roberts: That said, for those plants that were impacted, there was a headwind there, and they worked very hard to make that back up, so.
Carol Roberts: I think, Mark, we'll always be evaluating our footprint and seeking ideas to unlock more value. And if ideas like that had a stellar return, from an investment perspective, I mean, I think that would definitely be something we'd consider. I'm not sure I've seen the math that would tell me that we're there yet. We don't -- our system is pretty good today, so it's not like we've got some low-hanging fruit to go eliminate the real high-cost inefficient facility. But we will always continue to evaluate our mill footprint to match supply with demand and make it lower cost.
