Mark Sutton: 17, excuse me, 17. We began today's conversation talking about our strong first half performance. Our teams are doing a great job taking care of our customers and each other. We're executing well and staying focused on what we can control. You may have heard me say in the past that the company we built can thrive in just about any set of challenges and circumstances that we face. I think our first half performance reinforces my confidence that International Paper is a really strong company. We have great employees, the right channels to market to help our customers provide products that people depend on every day. The advantages we've established are serving us well in the near term, while we continue to strengthen the company for the long term. And with that, we're ready for your questions.
Mark Sutton: So I think I'll just take a shot at a couple of the most notable trends for us. The largest segment for corrugated packaging is processed food. As you know from past, the information we put out we are a bit overweight in that. And the demand trends have stabilized in that large segment and we're still seeing continued flow through the retail grocery channel and part of that has actually helped certain subsegments. One of the deal real positives that got into a little bit of trouble at the beginning was protein, mainly because of some production issues. A lot of that's being solved now. And we're seeing strong growth in our protein customers. And again, we've invested over the last several years in that particular segment to be able to perform even in periods where demand is picking up. On e-commerce, we still see I think I said last quarter order of magnitude above the normal growth double order of magnitude double-digit growth. We're still seeing that very, very solid -- it's a segment International Paper again has invested in and focused on. We're very good at it and our customers depend on us for a large portion of their fiber-based packaging needs and we're still continuing to see that. So largely, we're optimistic. There's still some uncertainty on the food service supply chain. I think we mentioned last quarter, produce -- a lot of produce does go to restaurants and cafeterias and some of that is starting to come back, but not in all cases. So we're still watching produce fresh food very closely. That's again an important segment for International Paper. But by and large, we think we'll see continued -- it's slow and steady, but continued improvement in the main segments for corrugated packaging as we go forward and we're seeing that in July.
Mark Sutton: I think Debbie you hit on an important one. The amount of people that feel comfortable returning to their normal workplace mainly offices and schools. And I think a lot of that depends on where we are with the pandemic, where we are with therapeutics and treatments. But we do see some pickup and it's partly because of those two areas. We'll have to watch it very, very closely to see that schools for example in places that have said they're going to open at least for options of in-person actually occur. Even if they don't, when school starts there'll be some improvement in demand as people now figured out how to do hybrid learning. Offices another question mark. People are bringing some of their employees back in a very careful way and we're seeing a correlation to Printing Paper demand with that. 
Mark Sutton: So it's a good question Mark. It's a bit of a large question when you talk about the potential for repurposing. I mean technically, you can repurpose as you know depending on the configuration in the wood basket, it can be a really good idea and a smart use of capital or it can be a really bad idea and a lot of money. And so I'm not going to speak about all the possibilities in the world. But for IP where we are with our printing and writing business we've got world-class low-cost fiber in Brazil with that system i.e. eucalyptus fiber very well set up to serve the world for that type of product. The U.S. we've had an active process of slowly repositioning our southern locations that have softwood fiber availability either for fluff pulp or containerboard. That's worked well for us. And in Europe it's a specialty niche printing papers business if you will including what we do at -- it's mostly folding boxboard and things that aren't printing paper. So, for IP, we don't like the demand decline. We're not sure how much of it is going to be permitted if any. As Tim said, we expect the recovery to be drawn out, but we do like the way we're positioned to manage through this. And we have continued options for our particular assets in our particular customer base. 
Mark Sutton: Yes. It's -- we had a really good first 18 months to 24 months post-acquisition in combination of the business. If you remember the results in the latter half of 2018, we were approaching the margin structure we needed to be at cost of capital. Pricing has been a challenge flow through on both ends of our focus area which is absorbent products meaning some products that are on the higher end of that drifting into fluff pulp and absorbent needs because of problems in their end segment and then the disruption in connection to general softwood market pulp. For us, the formula for success is we need to be at about 85% absorbent in specialty. We're 10% off of that right now. We need to continue to put investments in place which we've paused to lower our cost structure, especially on the legacy system that IP had before we acquired Weyerhaeuser. And then we need to have the value propositions product, innovation, and commercial strategies to get a better overall pricing -- better overall margin from pricing and those are the things we're working on. There is a lot of noise and disruption in the global pulp ecosystem right now that's probably added a good year and a half to our progress plans. Fluff pulps still growing. The product is an important product the end uses. It's a product people buy into when they have a certain income level and we still believe in that growth level.
Mark Sutton: Then just to add to Tim's comments. Some of what we're doing because of the growth in some of the segments e-commerce is a great example. It puts pressure on existing plants. So, some of this investment is really targeted at debottlenecking the bottlenecks that have been created because of the good growth we've seen. And that's all solvable with just a little bit of reconfiguration. And in some cases investment to add a particular type of capability or process line at a plant that doesn't have it today.
Mark Sutton: So, we are thinking about it. We have a pretty robust demand model. It's hard to figure out what inputs to put in it right now because of the sheer speed at which this pandemic has changed everybody's work life. But all those factors around how fast people return and what they do after their return will factor into it. Again, as I mentioned, in answering Mark's question. I think our system is of the size and of a capability and of a physical location that it gives us some options. We just took out a big part of our system, to make the white top containerboard, at Riverdale. We didn't know this was coming at the same time, but it actually has helped soften the blow for us is paper now becomes in the mid-teens, as a percentage of IP's total company. But look, it's hard to tell on a permanent basis. But if we just use what we learned in the past and what you mentioned about the Great Recession, it's likely there's some type of step down. And then, a new level starts back with the secular decline. But it's just very difficult to predict that -- what that will be if it will actually happen. And -- but we do share the view that you just expressed. That's been what's happened in the past.
Mark Sutton: So that's a hard question to answer in the way that you asked it. What we do conceptually as we look at all of our costs as potentially variable, all of our material costs all of our operating costs. What we don't look at as variable is, our people because our people are highly skilled and they make this happen. And we're fortunate that that's not the largest percentage of cost in the materials industry as you know. The inputs are the largest. And so we've designed supply chain and flexibility, and all the investments, we've done since the beginning of the 2000s to make our facilities be able to make the same products to be able to run profitably without running wide all of that comes into this. So think about what we did last year with the high levels of lack of order downtime in containerboard and we variabilize costs. This year we're doing that without high levels. We actually have pretty strong demand in the first half of the year. So I think there's a limit to everything, but there is not, there's not a view by IP that we have to only be successful when we have absolute wide open absolute perfect economy. We've got a lot of levers. And again, I give our employees a lot of credit. They've come up with some different ways to variabilize some of what looks like fixed cost in a normal materials business. And I see our ability to do that is continuing.
Mark Sutton: Thanks. And I think that level of success the structure we've talked about is we need margins in that 20% range or high teens, we need a lower cost structure. And then, what I meant by commercial and value proposition is, like any business if you look at our profitability by product, segment and customer, it's obviously not a straight line across. We have some really high-value specialty products inside of fluff that we just need to grow and develop more of. And that was the vision when we put IP and Weyerhaeuser together. It was taken off track a little bit by the global pulp environment, a little bit by our own doing a couple of years ago. But I believe, we can get back to that level of track. I'm not going to give you an earnings projection, but we did give one back a few quarters ago, eight quarters ago that, at this number the company – or this business would be at cost of capital. That's probably still a number that's in the right range.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think the outpacing comment is given the GDP and all the other traditional indicators, our particular product is performing a lot better in a difficult economic backdrop mainly because of what the product does. I think the comparison in Europe and the U.S. is probably because of Europe's approach on the pandemic and how they've gone about managing the economy country-by-country. And you compare that to the U.S. where we've done some things maybe a little quicker. It may or may not play out to be the correct thing to do for all indicators, but I think our economy is opening a little bit faster and I think the supply chain in the U.S. is a little bit more robust than what we see in the European market. 
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think the main point on Riverdale is what Tim was talking about, and that is, it's not the same product that we make in the other mills. And to the earlier questions around variabilizing cost, we're going to make the unbleached medium weight, light weight and heavy weight leer that we need for the order book. But this Riverdale product is going to be an upgrade for existing light top that we make at other facilities that's not near as high-quality and it's going to be a strong value proposition for winning new business. So we'll adjust our system. We're not going to make room for Riverdale. We're actually going to market the Riverdale product as an upgrade to what we do today. And as a value proposition for e-business, and we'll adjust the non-high-performance white top part of our system as needed.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Mark. I think, I would say it changed a little bit. We saw the value of this regional integration better and more clear when we had the Madrid mill. So the plants we acquired, or in one case even swapped, one that was in Northern France for one that was in Spain, it's a very good business model for us. Given the fact that the European market is kind of regionally segmented, we think a good dense, high-quality mill and box plant network is the best model for an IP in that market versus more homogeneous market in-country like we have in the U.S. So I think we learned something there, and it has kept us more in whatever you want to call it, more in the kind of bolt on, very focused growth mode versus other avenues we could take.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey Gabe, it's Tim. It's some of that. It depends by geography across North America. So, what we're trying to do obviously e-commerce is growing at a rapid pace. Protein seems to be coming back and we believe in that segment long term. So, what we're doing is looking facility-by-facility and area-by-area of the United States for where we want to supplement and prepare for customer growth that we expect to achieve over the next increment of time. So, it's mostly strategic. It's around converting equipment. There's some corrugator upgrades. But it's preparing for supporting these very important segments that we have and customers that we have. 
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Anthony, it's Tim. It's – so the goal that we have is the more that we can put through our North American integrated channel the better we like it. We know that our margins that's our most profitable channel to market. So, we're always looking for innovative and creative ways to do that. This is simply funding capability and capacity where we have had long-term strategy around certain segments. We've built up our capabilities to supply customers' needs in those segments, and we're trying to keep pace with the growth that we expect from those customers in those segments. So, we don't have a hard fixed target on integration per se, but we are constantly looking to intelligently put more volume through our North American channel because that's where we make the most money.
Tim Nicholls: No. As I mentioned in our prepared remarks, we think it for containerboard – in the U.S. for containerboard we were – we're squeezed. We're tied based on the recovery that we saw. So, if anything the issue there is making sure that we've got the right grades and basis weights in the right places across our system. On the export side, we think customer inventories for roll stock are in very normal ranges for the time of year and the season. And so we're in between seasons right now. We think inventory levels are in good shape. And with the season – the agricultural season picks back up around the world in late August, September, October, we think inventory should be in good shape.
Tim Nicholls: No, challenges. I mean, we like our position, and we think we've got a great customer set across e-commerce that have different needs and we cater to them with different capabilities and different service platforms. In past times, when things were more normal it was growing and it was probably just under 10%. I would say today, with the dynamic that you mentioned it's probably one point or two above 10%, and growing rapidly. So yeah, I mean, it's not a dramatic move in a normalized type of setting, but we have seen it become a bigger part of the mix. But we like the segment, and we like the customers that we have and expect to continue growing at a high rate with all of those customers.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I'll start with Graphic and work backwards if I can. On Graphic, we said earlier this year that we like the partnership. We think they run a great business. We decided it wasn't strategic to International Paper. And so we started with the first tranche of selling our position and we have said repeatedly that that clearly puts us on a monetization path. So, we're now in the window again. We continue to try to be thoughtful about that and make sure that, we're not traders and we're not here to hold it indefinitely. We just want to make sure that we're maximizing value within a range. So, clearly on a monetization path over the next few quarters. And I think you understand that there are specific requirements for our agreement in terms of how that monetization takes place. And so it's basically a max of $250 million every six months, and since we did in January we're now back in the next window available to us. In terms of the -- what was the other part of your question? I'm sorry. The…
Tim Nicholls: Yes. No, it won't be consolidated, because we have a minority position, but we're excited about the opportunity and the relationship that we'll have with the other equity holders. And we're creative and we look for opportunities to do things from a service and capability level that others maybe can or won't do. And so I'm not going to speak specifics, but we want to be thoughtful and creative about how we participate in all of the segments of the North American market.
Tim Nicholls: Well, we make decisions based on International Paper's investors and stakeholders. And so I think from our cash position and liquidity position that I mentioned in the prepared remarks, we feel really good about cash flow and cash available to us through the committed facilities that we have. So it's really down to capital allocation and looking at different choices that we have before we can apply cash and then trying to be thoughtful about making the right decisions across our entire capital allocation framework.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. No, it's mostly related to acquisition around Champion Products. And we think we're -- we've dealt with it. It's just a matter of being conservative and we took the approach that we're going to be extremely conservative in establishing this reserve. And so we took the charge in the second quarter. That reflects a very long like a 40-year period of time that we think there could be excluded.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean it's very similar to what we experienced in June. And as you can imagine June was a strong month relative to where we were earlier in the second quarter. So I don't have a number off the top of my head, but July is like a carbon copy of June's results. So we feel very good about how the quarter is starting. The color that we provided in prepared remarks segments that have performed well are continuing to perform well, and we're seeing normalization across other segments as economies reopen, so.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Sure. It's a lot of things and it's across the board. All of our business is performing well. So reliability has been very good given this environment. We haven't had the major operational disruptions that you can have sometimes. Mills are very large complex operations with a lot of moving parts. But our reliability has been good. The way we've managed the system where economic downtime has been taken, we've managed it very well going back to the comments mark made about variabilizing cost. Supply chain has performed well. And maintenance outages, while they were fewer the ones that we've had we've executed very well against them. So it's really across the board that we've seen good performance. 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So in Riverdale it's a very unique product. So we're making a high-quality, white top linerboard sheet and we have a customer base with products that consume white top. And so, we'll manage it the same way we manage the rest of the system in terms of the customer demand that we have for those products. It also allows for other facilities and this was part of the investment rationale to focus on grades that they make. So whether it's facing paper or board for gypsum or recycled liners we have now incremental capacity where it's been freed up in certain facilities and move to Riverdale that gets flexed the same way all of our other capacity gets flexed. If we don't need to produce it because there's not a customer demand, we don't produce it.  In terms of Rome and Bogalusa those were really maintenance events. Those were unplanned downtime due to specific events. So it's a little bit in an environment like this, it's still a little bit squishy, but we try to capture that as part of the earnings.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. There will be an increment of additional earnings out of Riverdale in a normalized environment, of course. And that was the basis for the investment and the related benefits that we got in the other facilities.
Tim Nicholls: So as we wrap up, I just want to once again thank the International Paper employees for their extraordinary commitment through this pandemic. We've got to obviously manage the ongoing uncertainty as our communities where we live and work, reopen. But as I said last quarter, and I'll say it again, with even more conviction. I'm very, very confident in our future. We have a strong financial footing, and all of our stakeholders can count on us to do the right things. We're going to be guided by our core values of safety, ethics and stewardship, and we're going to deliver for the stakeholders that are depending on us. So thanks for your time this morning and for your interest in International Paper.
