Mark Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. We are very pleased with the progress we made in 2017 and, as I mentioned earlier, with the momentum we're carrying into 2018. We're confident in another year of 10% plus EBITDA growth, driven by continued strong outlook in our core businesses and the full year price flow-through of 2017 increases. We continue to see healthy demand and solid fundamentals across our portfolio. We're making great progress on our optimization initiatives, as we improve our world-class manufacturing system. We have great customers in all of the important segments in the businesses that are core to International Paper. In addition to our EBITDA growth, we're also confident about our equity investment outlook. The Ilim JV is well positioned for another strong year performance. And we will start to see the benefits of our investments in Graphic Packaging. All in, we expect another year of strong cash generation. And we'll continue to allocate capital to grow value for our shareholders. And with that we'll open up the call for questions. Thank you.
Mark Sutton: Well, in the full year in 2018, what we spoke to is $35 million across our businesses, driven by higher wood, energy, and transportation costs.
Mark Sutton: Brian, this is Mark. That's a great question. And if you think about our capital allocation framework, we don't plan on changing that framework. It's a balanced framework with shareholder return through dividend and occasional share buyback, with balance sheet maintenance to maintain a strong and flexible balance sheet, investment-grade, as Glenn mentioned in his remarks. And a certain amount of that cash we generate for strategic projects, small acquisitions, things that are creating value across the Company. So a tax saving flows more into free cash flow. That free cash flow goes through that balanced framework, just as it did before.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. And I would add that the cadence of capital is really driven by the opportunity to get returns and the demand signal we have for the businesses we are in. Where we spend it? Obviously, our regions compete on returns. So there could be an opportunity to do more cost reductions sooner, for example, in a US asset than somewhere else. But we're not going to spend more capital because of the depreciation change. It's going to change the economics of some of the capital we spend. But it will all be based on solid strong returns and a demand signal that says, our customers need better products or more products. And on the internal side, we've got lots of opportunity across the entirety of International Paper to get better on the cost and productivity side.
Mark Sutton: I think it's a change in the demand signal, if you look at the absolute growth of the box market. But you have to remember, converting capacity is very flexible. So with the system, the size, and the geographic scope of IP, we have had the capacity to address that in our box-making operations. Where you've seen us add some capacity starting with way back with the valiant restart is adding containerboard capacity to match more of the box demand we're seeing through all three of our channels. Most importantly, our own box channel, where most of our containerboard goes. So that is true demand. And our box plants in certain regions are a lot busier. We've hired people. We've added shifts. We're creating jobs in areas where we have entire shifts of business that we didn't have before. So again, matching what our customers want with our core capabilities and doing it all in a profitable way is what drives all of these investment decisions.
Mark Sutton: Sure. Chip. Certainly that's something we measure over time and it's somewhat hard to forecast, but that's a one-time that's LIFO. It's a one-time event true up we do on annual basis in the 4th quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. There was a lot wrapped up there. And let me try to go back to the first part and unbundle some of it. I think, at a macro level, we look at margins. We look at - not just on box, but how we think about all the channels that we operate in. And growth is a piece of that margin. Price is a piece of that margin structure, cost is also. On a more granular level, it comes down to customer-by-customer and understanding our customers' needs, understanding where we can deliver value propositions that are meaningful to them. And we do that across our portfolio of customers. So we do it high level. And we do it right down to how do we execute with any specific customer.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think, Steve, I'll add on to Tim and speak for the rest of the Company beyond Industry Packaging. When we think about inventories, it's one of the choices we had in our value chain. And so, when everything is working great in transportation area, the velocity of the inventory is moving, the levels tends to be lower. If there are bottlenecks somewhere in the value chain, then that's a use of cash to have more inventory and spend less on emergency transportation. The whole goal is to serve the customers' needs. And so, absolute inventory numbers are not certainly designed to velocity that inventory through the system and meeting customer expectations at profitable levels as what we designed to. And we have the supply chain systems in place, people. So we were organized what we've centralized, what we haven't, and the IT systems to underpin and to be able to do that.
Mark Sutton: I think, Mark, the other thing to think about is, you get all top line changes that are all positive. The way it will work out, we just don't know exactly how. If all of that happens that you just described, that probably means a really strong economic environment when that happens. Lots of things are unpredicted like where inputs go, transportation we talked about earlier. So there is sometimes a margin squeeze on that strong economic background, comes with activity as it is value chain. So that's why -
Glenn Landau: No, Lars. What we've outlined is the 35, we've outlined the first quarter. And we are continuing to refine as we look forward for the balance of the year.
Glenn Landau: Yeah. I think our outlook is based on our exit rate performance and our initiatives. And we don't include any outlook of initiated increases in that number.
Glenn Landau: Mark, we don't give guidance on the cash tax rate. But I underlined that we are a full taxpayer. The incremental savings due to the tax reform is around $200 million a year. And roughly, you can think about that as a third of our tax obligation.
Glenn Landau: Well, Mark, we have a balanced approach, as we speak too often, in terms of our capital allocation. Clearly, we've unbundled our strategic capital projects. And we've already oriented them to our core businesses of Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers, where most of those assets are in North America. So we were moving in that direction earlier. And it's accelerated depreciation and just helps us along those lines.
Glenn Landau: Ultimately, Mark, you just need to focus on the $300 million. That's what's associated with this project.
Glenn Landau: It's going to be the lion's share. You could count on $1.2 billion of the $1.5 billion on a run rate basis.
Glenn Landau: Right - through January and their preliminary numbers, but we were up a little bit over 4% in January.
Glenn Landau: Basically, it's excluding Consumer. Consumer is a discontinued operation. And our 10% plus is from the new base.
Glenn Landau: Yeah. I think, in general, that's directionally correct. Certainly, any initiatives that have happened subsequent to the end of the year and not in the run rate are what we call the plus piece of that 10%.
Glenn Landau: That's exactly it. I think we framed it as seasonally slow, heavy maintenance. And there are some non-repeats. The main message here is the full year that Mark underlined. And a new rate of 10% plus in this first quarter, as we've seen in the past, is timing. We feel good about the fundamentals in the first quarter.
Glenn Landau: I don't have it on top of my head. You saw the quarterly number. But December was strong for us, led by eCommerce again, which was over 20% for us. So, yeah, we had a very strong December.
Glenn Landau: Okay. Two questions. First one relative to inflation. I still think that's a good point that you mentioned relative to year-over-year inflation. We have contracts with employees. That's not going to change a lot in the near-term. The variability that we would see in other inflation would be more along the PPV lines. Relative to the guidance of $35 million of input headwinds, that's certainly wood, energy. But transportation is meaningful. It's certainly kicked in as the businesses have spoken to it, about constrained availability in the fourth quarter. We think that will continue in the first quarter and throughout the year. So I won't give you a percentage, just meaningful.
Glenn Landau: Well, that's a good question, Anthony. And clearly, as we have laid out, the Madrid mill is a big piece of that margin recovery. That gives us the vertical integration we were looking for in the recycled segment. It's going be a low-cost first quartile mill. Candidly, as we have laid out the time-frame here, it has been delayed somewhat, mostly just due to engineering scoping. But we feel good about the ultimate outcome. And we should see those benefits in the second half of the year.
Glenn Landau: So on the input slide in the appendix you're talking about, yes, those have all been adjusted for the removal of our discontinued operation of Consumer. And they would be good estimates for you.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah, I think, Mark - this is Tim. The other is normal maintenance and regulatory spending, which will be done in - over a long period of time. So we're going to try $300 million in specific for the project.
Timothy Nicholls: So, over - hi, this is Tim. Over time, we expect to be at market rate. And they do have been slow. And I think you saw in the second half of the year, we started picking up just through normal churn of business and customer wins. But we saw really strong demand right through the end of the year. And it's continuing in January.
Timothy Nicholls: Sure. Hey, George. Yeah. I mean, we did trail in '17. We performed in line '16. We had some customer turnover. We made some choices, started picking up business in the second half of the year. So it was in line with our expectation in what we thought we would do with our customer base. And I think it will continue ramping as we go through the first part of '18.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah, I would put it this way. Our expectation is we will do it over time. I mean, we'll pick our spots in terms of how we look at margin. And we will make choices from time-to-time where we think we are making the right decision for maximizing sustainable margins.
Timothy Nicholls: George, I'll take the second part on the $5 billion that we shared back in 2012. You're right. The Company is a significantly different company than we were back then. And I think the way we get the EBITDA grow and it's put together years like we had in 2017 with double-digit EBITDA growth. And we think we'll do that again in '18. And positioning the Company to have high returns. So our returns today, return on invested capital, for every bit where we said they would be at the $5 billion. What we haven't done is delivered. That's not the number to think about. The number to think about is growing International Paper from where we are and maintaining a solid spread in actual returns above our cost of capital and that's, we think, the best way to create long-term value. So we position the Company to have our strongest business, get the most resources. And we position the company to have a growth profile. It's not a high-growth profile, but a growth profile with packaging and a growth profile with cellulose fibers. And I think if we put that together, we'll have more opportunity to create more value than even the Company that we just described in 2012.
Timothy Nicholls: Hey, David, it's Tim. Let me just speak to Industrial Packaging. What we're trying to do is make sure that we have the capability to service our customers when they need to be serviced. So fourth quarter was a lot of commotion - rail lines not running as effectively as we would have liked them to, knock-on effect between rail lines, knock-on effect to trucking, complications from structural issues in trucking itself. But we did, given our capability, service all of our customers. And so, we were able to sort through that. But for me, thinking about - it's not a level of inventory, it's the capability. And we produce thousands of SKUs for 15,000 to 20,000 customers. And making sure we have the right thing in the right place at the right time is how we go about managing our system.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Mark, it's Tim. Yeah, our fourth quarter felt very strong. We see the box market is strong in the fourth quarter. We see it continuing in the first. And you mentioned that it was a tough comp. And if memory serves, I think it was the toughest comp of any month in the year. I believe December of '16 was close to 6% daily. And so, it was a beat on that comp in December. So I see it as a very strong market.
Timothy Nicholls: Hey, Debbie, it's Tim. Permits have been granted. It feels like it will be somewhat flattish in the early part of the quarter. And then the best view we have from on the ground in China is that things would start accelerating again after Chinese New Year. I think you also have to consider this is one of the lowest generation times of the year. So it's what China is doing, it's what's happening with generation. And then, transportation going to have an impact as well, just trying to move fiber from one place to another.
