Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim, for the details on the quarter and the outlook, particularly given all the moving parts. The way I'd summarize where we are today is our businesses are well positioned and we're operating very well. But clearly, what the market is presenting to us at the current time has lots of ripples to it. There's no question we're operating in a more challenging environment this year relative to 2018. Through the first half, International Paper has been able to navigate very well, delivering results better than might be expected in this environment, including a strong level of free cash flow generation, and this didn't occur by happenstance. Instead, our results are the product of the work we've done to improve our portfolio, we've established advantaged positions with low-cost flexible manufacturing systems and we have a laser focus on customers. As we enter the second half of the year and face continuing challenges, we are well positioned to navigate through them as we work on further improving our company. Our focus is on the free cash flow generation, which is the basis of shareholder value creation. Our expectation for free cash flow generation is strong at $1.9 billion. This enables us to further improve our balance sheet and return cash to shareholders. I'm confident that the company we build will allow us to succeed in practically any set of conditions at any point in time. I think about International Paper's future often. And given our company's longevity, sometimes my view of our future is prompted by an important event from the past. The Apollo 11 lunar landing 50th anniversary media coverage that we've seen over the past week is an example of this. I remember watching the live TV coverage on July 20, 1969, on my eighth birthday. We were leaving that day on a family vacation, but we were all glued to our black and white television watching. What I didn't know at the time and only learned recently was that IP had an important connection to that broadcast. 2 weeks prior to the mission, the sole sponsor on CBS reduced its support, and International Paper stepped in to sponsor 1/3 of the live broadcast on the lunar landing and moonwalk day. 50 years ago, we could not dream of using the phone in our pocket to honor almost anything and have it safely to our homes in a corrugated box. Disposable diapers were just beginning to gain traction with consumers and have led to other absorbent products that make people's lives better. Just imagine the role renewable, sustainable fiber-based products will play in the future. For International Paper, the products, ideas and services we provide to our customers in more than 80 countries around the globe truly make a difference in people's lives every day. As a company, we've had many milestones during our 120-year history to be proud of, but I'm just excited about the ones that are ahead of us. As the world continues to change, and we know it will, International Paper remains resilient and committed to improving people's lives, the planet and our company's performance. So with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: I would echo what Tim said. We are well down the path of final engineering work. Preconstruction is on plan. The project's being executed very safely. Obviously, we have additional workforce on the project of this size. So, so far, I'm very pleased with the progress that we're making and the schedule that we're on. On the comment on CapEx, Chip, I'd just take you back to the big picture on what we said long term about CapEx is. We look at our capital allocation based off of our EBITDA and hence, the cash from operations and that, that CapEx tended to be around half of that cash from operations to reinvest in today's cash flows, and its facilities we have today, to take structural cost down, to meet any environmental regulations and then occasionally, to make some strategic investments like the Riverdale project or the Madrid mill. And so that at a high level how we think about it. And the balance of that cash then goes back through share repurchases and the dividend. So we don't see a big change in those relative ratios of where we move the cash that we generate from operations.
Mark Sutton: I think the big picture is e-commerce is growing at a rapid rate as a way of doing commerce for consumers, so that's the first thing. And corrugated plays a really important role in a lot of those supply chain solutions. We've said oftentimes that the packaging environment in e-commerce is built for speed through the supply chain right now, not packaging optimization. But packaging optimization is coming. And the good thing is, not only with that particular company but with most of the major e-commerce players, we are at the table and have a very strong position and are helping them to design. We think the right size and the right type of packaging and the sustainable approach is the right answer for the market. We're not afraid of the changes that occur. The overall segment is going to continue to grow and corrugated is going to play a really important role. And we have the ability to help our customers as they're ready to make changes in the packaging design so that they keep the speed to the supply chain, which the consumer wants, 1-day delivery and so forth, and reduce waste and reduce overpackaging over time. And we have a lot of design capability to do that. So we see it as complementary to what we offer.
Mark Sutton: I think Anthony, the purpose of Tim taking us through that detail was trying to get some perspective from International Paper on what we see through the eyes of our customers in the box market, largely the domestic U.S. box market. And to answer the question or give some perspective on the question, why is demand where it is in 2019 versus what we saw in 2018, and obviously, we know there's a very strong correlation between nondurable manufacturing to the manufacturing to nondurable goods in the U.S. and box demand. And when you dig into that detail, and we serve customers in every one of those segments and Tim ran through some of those, what our customers are seeing is softer demand for their products for certain reasons but no major conclusions on that. Some of it, we believe, for example, the agricultural chemicals example that Tim gave, is really about the amount of rain and flooding and the delayed planting seasons that have occurred in the Midwest. So those products are delayed in their shipping, and some of them may get skipped this year because of the lack of ability to plant in the flooded plains. But that's not demand destruction, that's just life happening. So that was the purpose of that, to give some color around what might explain what we're seeing as a major provider of these products through the eyes of our customers.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. I think the -- what we've seen is when there's ample logistics and transportation velocity in our own company and our customer supply chain, we see the ability to operate with significantly lower inventories. Last year is an example where the problems in the rail and truck and ship transportation lanes actually caused inventories to go up, partially to compensate for that. That's loosened up a bit now. So I think part of what we're learning -- industrial companies are learning is that the variables aren't fixed anymore and you have tightness in transportation, how fast things flow through that you didn't have in the past, a wide variability on that. And part of it is self-inflicted with U.S. rail companies implementing their scheduled changes, and some of it's just supply and demand in the trucking industry that may never completely be where it used to be. So higher inventories are necessary when the velocity is slower, and lower inventories are possible. So that's going to take a while to figure out what condition are you in and how do you think about inventories and pricing because I don't think it's a single number anymore. I don't think it's this many weeks. It's this many weeks against this backdrop in the supply chain.
Mark Sutton: I think it's the latter, best guess we can look at based on our experience and customers. There's always a certain amount of flexible capacity that can make qualified fluff products or make market pulp, whenever the economics are better and certain parts of the market move in and out. I think China's change in demand and their overall fiber influence on the world is still sorting itself out. So I don't think anything's fundamentally changed other than the softwood fiber market is a little bit disconnected right now, and there are some -- maybe some temporary unnatural flows. And so that has created a little bit more dynamics around specialty fluff -- fluff and specialty pulps that are kind of the top of the pyramid and the more general market grades.
Mark Sutton: I think the key sign is going to be, and we see it in some of the subsegments, not in all of them, but when we start to see order pick up, that means the nondurable manufacturing is picking up. And again, there's a lot of segments in there. We see the pickup in some. We don't see -- I mean I think in one of the examples I gave around the chemicals related to crop planting, that's a gap that's going to be hard to recover because the season is passing us by. It's just one example where we don't expect a quick turnaround. But we are seeing positive order pickup in some of the other segments, which means those products are now being manufactured again.
Mark Sutton: Edlain, this is Mark. I think overall, we don't see a whole lot of change in the Printing Papers business. We're a large producer in the North American market and in the Latin American market. We don't see a major change in the overall long-term demand trend. There are some ups and downs in that secular decline. And when you have these kinds of issues, when you're raising prices in one region and demand might be slower, for example, in Brazil with their economic challenges, you will then see some products move around. So you got a little bit of imports coming into the U.S. We always expect that depending on economics in other places. And I think all that factors into how pricing flows through and how resilient it is. But we see the business as -- in secular decline but stable and we're operating very well. We've actually improved our position with key customers. And inside of -- grades, like cut size, we've actually grown in the market based on the customers we've aligned ourselves with.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. So on the how we do it, we look at our system as a system, and it produces many different grades and types of containerboard based on box design requirements. So they're not all alike or each mill, each unit operation isn't exactly like. So it's a combination of -- and all of our mills have a throttle on them. That's not on, off, so we can run fast, slow, faster than fast like we did last year and we can shut down. And we use all of those tools depending on the marginal cost algorithm that I talked about quite often and whether or not we can combine it with some other things that we need to do, whether or not we can lower our transportation cost, wood cost, take advantage of recovered fiber versus virgin. All of that goes into a marginal cost algorithm that allows us to look over our 16 mills, look over our order book for the coming month or two and then decide with enough time to shed the cost, what to run and at what output level. A lot of it is just running less than full output and balancing to maximize our energy production in the integrated mills and so forth. The second part of your question is hypothetical in the sense that we have the system we need. It's very low cost, it's very capable. And we believe the box market long term and the containerboard market globally is growing. So our view is we have the right capacity in the right places. For today, we don't make those kind of a strategic decisions in 1 year or 1 quarter. We had it for today and we had it for the future, and we feel real good about that. We really worked hard to build a system that, as you can see from the results, can do really, really well in a year like 2018 where we were probably running beyond our capacity and a year like 2019 where we're needing less than 100% of it for a period of time and we've adapted very, very well to it.
Mark Sutton: No. It's good. That's a very good use of one question and one follow-up. On how long can you run, look, we talked about it before at a high level. We think we -- our system runs best when we take about 3% of our available capacity out on a scheduled basis to maintain our assets and then about another 3% for flexibility in order to serve because we're making boxes with this stuff. It's a short-cycle business. You need to be able to turn on a dime sometimes. And so running wide open, except when you're down for maintenance, usually results in higher costs and disappointed customers. So if you take 3% and 3%, and you say -- if we run 94% over time strategically, we're at our best. But could we run lower than that for a period of time? And I won't define the periods, you're right, absolutely. And then as we put more technology in our mills, as we put more sensors and we have more predictive maintenance, I think we'll change the equation on that again. And so the labor piece is important but for a different reason than you're probably asking. It is a cost, but we view our labor as a true asset. These are technically trained people that run and maintain our equipment. And so we do everything we can to keep them fully engaged -- paced and fully engaged, whether we're running like last year at a 100-plus percent of our capacity or whether we're running like this year at something less than that because that's a particular part of our value proposition that's really difficult to replace. So we can run at a flexible level for quite some time. But just to give you the high-level way we'd think about it, flexibility, maintenance and then really using our people and our marginal cost algorithm to make the best decisions we can. On the strategic question about expansion, I think every major element of how we would make a decision, including cycle time and the macro conditions, factors into it. But strategic decisions like you're referring to are really about opportunities to create value over the long term by increasing International Paper's intrinsic value. And so if it's an acquisition, then it should be clear that it has strong synergies and a strong return and a complementary industrial logic. If it's organic, strong return and the ability to -- obviously, it's not -- doesn't have the same risk profile, but the ability to generate strong returns immediately with the investment. So the cycle time is important obviously because it affects sentiment, it affects your balance sheet, it affects your cash flow. But I would say all of that is in consideration whenever we contemplate that type of action.
Mark Sutton: I think in general, it -- the need for that type of high-quality printable liner was definitely developed in consultation with lots of customers, not just e-commerce.
Mark Sutton: Adam, that's a great question. It's a strategic question. You're right, we had -- have and had the long-term view that if you just look at fiber balances around the world where the growing markets are -- tend to need to use recovered paper as their fiber source and the producing regions of the world that are making that virgin fiber that becomes recovered fiber are slower growing. We don't see a major change in that. I think China's position on recovered paper has definitely created a dislocation. The question is how long it lasts. But our long-term strategic view is fiber-based products, especially packaging, are going to continue to grow, which would lend itself to a demand for recovered paper over time. The supply of recovered paper is virgin paper. So if -- in any scenario you can think of, it results in the world taking out virgin paper. In a few months, you've just taken out recovered paper because one is apparent than the other. So I think if you look at the way the system works together, it may take longer and it may not be the time line we had been discussing earlier. But we think over time, the two types of fiber, original tree fiber and its recovered sibling, are going to work hand-in-hand. There'll be some temporary dislocation. What I want is in excess supply, but if the way you solve that is by reducing the original supply, it corrects itself pretty quick.
Mark Sutton: Yes. We're not going to try to project the 2020 pricing, but the growth rate is accurate, what you've talked about in that 2% to 4% range. And we think that this year is the disconnect for the industry and also for our company specifically. But we don't see any reason why with that growth rate and the role that these products play for the consumer, products companies that are making them, that we can't get on that -- back on that trajectory. It's just going to take a little bit longer.
Mark Sutton: So the contract pricing is customer by customer, and some of what you've seen in the marketplace doesn't always affect that. And then the balance of the customers that are using indexes -- and it's not as predominant as you would see on the containerboard the side of the indexes, the pricing driver for the discussion. So it's a bit of a different market. And again, not -- I'm not going to pin July or this year, try to forecast what effects, from what has already happened, it's going to have in 2020. It's not appropriate to do that.
Mark Sutton: I think it's going to be a little bit of both. I think that the amount of products that were designed, the packaging was designed for a retail display, probably isn't capable of navigating the supply chain for e-commerce direct to someone's house. So that packaging will change, and that we see more likely to change more toward the corrugated or micro-corrugated side and we see some benefit there. But I think people got it figured out. There's some tooling costs and there's some design changes, and then the supply chain is complicated. Can you make a product and put it in your package and guarantee that it's going in one supply chain, i.e., e-commerce versus the retail channel? That's not as easy to do for some companies as it sounds. So it will take a while to work through this.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So just on the free cash flow, a couple of things changed as we lowered the guidance. First of all, we were expecting a bigger recovery of working capital and also lower taxes for that matter. So we had some headroom in the $2 billion that we had talked about. We had never quantified that, but we feel good at a real solid $1.9 billion on cash flow. On capital for next year, all of that work is underway at this point and so we're still in the planning stage, and we have typically given that guidance as we report fourth quarter earnings in January, and I expect that'll continue to be our cadence. But I don't see it being higher. We had some big projects over the past couple of years that have pushed the number up a little bit, so I don't see it being higher. The degree to how much lower it will be, we're looking at right now, and we can give you more on that early next year. And then I'll just give you my perspective -- turn it over to Mark, I know that he will want to talk about Riverdale, but I think it's going extremely well. We're still on track. Everything's coming together from my standpoint, the way we expected it to, on the conversion.
Timothy Nicholls: Anthony, it's Tim. Yes, the fundamentals seem to be improving more or less as we expected. If you remember last quarter, we had said we think it's going to take a little bit longer and it did. But now we see that starting to turn. If you remember, the agriculture season in Europe was particularly weak last year. This year, it's much stronger. So I think people stocked up more -- for more containerboard than what they ultimately needed, but the strength of the season earlier in the spring and now the big season coming up looks to be very good. Those inventories seem to be -- have been worked through and people are coming back to the market. So I think Europe's improving. Latin America is continuing to be strong. Asia was a little bit weaker, but not to the degree that the European -- region-wise. In terms of price, I mean when you get to this point in a cycle, there's a lot of fluidity. But I guess rather than trying to forecast price, which we wouldn't do, we just say we see fundamentals improving and customers returning to place orders and begin building for this upcoming season, which will be late third quarter or fourth.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it's more of a general comment. I mean what we would have, we'd probably have to characterize it as anecdotal at this point. But the trend seems to be there from a social standpoint. So probably to a greater degree in Europe where it's getting a lot of air time, but we usually follow Europe on a lot of these trends. And so I think the environmental concerns are starting to pick up, and we'll see what patterns develop over the next few quarters.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, Brian, it's Tim. We don't disclose what level our inventories are at. Specifically, I would say that at containerboard, we're running our system as we always do. We typically run a very lean supply chain. Disruptions with transportation can cause it to fluctuate a little bit, but we don't like to carry any more inventory than we have to or to serve our customers' needs. I'd say pulp inventories, as you've seen, systematic around the world, are a little bit higher and ours were a little bit higher too. So -- but within line of -- in 1 mill or 2, slightly higher inventory is what we would like to have over some period of time but within a reasonable range in total.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. The comments that we made were focused on the second half where we do expect to see pickup. July has been soft. We came out of June, and it's continued more or less in line with how we exited the quarter. But it's one of the slowest seasonal months of the year. It has the holidays at the beginning of the month. And so our expectation is that we get into the seasonally stronger periods. In third and fourth quarter, we will see the pickup that we're expecting.
Timothy Nicholls: It's Tim. Let me just start with export, and I think that's where we are seeing a turn. One thing that we did mention earlier, and this is not so much an inventory question, but it is a demand question, the reversal of tariffs into Turkey, which is a large kraftliner containerboard market and a big one for us that we had essentially pulled out of in large ways, has had an immediate effect. The day after tariffs were lowered, we were getting calls for orders. So I think in the export markets, the destocking is running its course and nearing its end on the back of a really strong agricultural season, especially in Europe and some of the tariff relaxation around Turkey has definitely been helpful. On the -- it's a little bit harder to gauge on the box side, and Mark may want to provide some color here. But you're dealing customer by customer with what they're telling you about their position and their demand levels. And so it's anecdotal and it's looking across a lot of customers segment by segment. And it's our best read from the conversations that we're having -- that we've had that a lot of the destocking had seemed to work its way through, and it will depend on demand levels in the second half and then an increase in nondurables manufacturing activities.
Timothy Nicholls: No, I don't think it impacts any of their plans strategically about the types of projects that they're planning. The business is throwing off a lot of cash. So this was just a way of returning it to the investors in the joint venture. We did have it in our -- I think we even talked about it. I can't be 100% sure. I didn't go back and look. But I think we alluded to it on the first quarter call that we knew we were getting it. We had just not received it at that point and then it came through during the quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So George, you're talking about the seasonal labor cost? Just to make sure I heard you correctly.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. We work on almost everything that is fiber related for our customers. And we actually have products that are already in the marketplace that are using essentially what you would refer to as kraft-type paper.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. It's a great question, Adam. I wasn't really referring to their inventories of our product. I was referring to the consumer products that they're making and workings through their own supply chains. So that's really the commentary about destocking as we look at our set of consumer products oriented customer base. And parsing it out and quantifying each one though, I mean it's a variety of those factors where the business is looking at it segment by segment and customer by customer and understanding all of the movements for the 10,000-plus customers that we have, but it's all of the things that you mentioned.
