Andy Silvernail: Yes, Mike, that's a great question. So, look, a lot of people have the first experience that effectively what you're saying is you're going to exit a bunch of business. And what I have found to be true is, and again, having done this many, many times, that is actually not practically what happens over a very short period of time, an intermediate period of time, call it a year or two. What ends up happening is what you're doing is you're segmenting your business, you're understanding the drivers for those customers and those products, and you are really aggressively aligning resources, minimum resources, for what's required to win. And so, when we think of profitability, if you peanut butter spread overheads, which is what most companies do, right? You peanut butter spread most overhead. What you do is you're effectively saying your most attractive customers and your most attractive products, they typically get overburdened with overhead. So, it actually, it shows them in a typical accounting system, right? The peanut butter spreads overhead. It spreads them usually by revenue. And so, what you end up having, right, is an understatement of profitability for your most attractive segments and an overstatement of profitability for your less attractive. That being said, when you structure this correctly, when you go through segmentation, you simplify and go through segmentation, you're aligning the appropriate resources. And what I found when you're doing that, we use a gardening example, right? We use a farming example. That's why I showed those farming pictures. So, think of it as, you're farming and you make a decision that the thing you're going to farm for are tomatoes and pumpkins right that's what you decide you're going to farm for. So you simplify that's what we're going to do. When you segment you realize that tomatoes and pumpkins actually need different resources. So a pumpkin will take as much water as you can possibly give it and a tomato if you give it too much you're going to kill it. And so if you actually put them together you give them just enough water so both of them die, right? And it's a tough analogy but it's a true analogy. And what I would say is we are going to aggressively segment and we're going to give them just the water that they need to flourish. And what I found historically is there you can actually recover any volume loss that you decide you can actually recover from it pretty shortly because you're satisfying customer needs you're meeting customers where they are with the right amount of resources and you're getting real profitability which then drives returns long-term.
Andy Silvernail: Yes Mike that's another great question. So the first thing is let's start with first principles when we buy the business right which is we want to segment. The reality is what happens in the North American market has very little influence on what happens in the in the European market, right. From a competitive standpoint because of the nature of the geography and the fact that the box businesses compete in a 150 to 200 mile radius the competitive issues don't overlap. And frankly the teams don't overlap. And so as we acquire DS Smith, what's really important is to treat it as its own platform in Europe. So there are really as I've said a few times to people, there -- they think of this as kind of three different pieces of integration. There's a relatively simple integration that happens in the Americas, right. They have a small handful of assets in the Americas that will integrate into our mills into our box system. It's a pretty small footprint. And in Europe it's really DS Smith that is integrating our European footprint. They are multiple times our size. They have done large acquisitions in the past. It's a capable team of people and so we have a wonderful team by the way in Europe that punch way above their weight. And so we're going to end up with a terrific overall team in Europe, but the integration is going to happen that way. And so that's infact, we'll focus our 80/20 efforts specifically in those regions in those sub regions of where they matter. And then the third part is corporate, and we had a call with our top leadership here this morning and I was very clear to them, we need to be incredibly smart about this integration at the corporate level. At the corporate level there's really only three things that have to happen. There are a few things that are shared and they're relatively small to get the savings that we know are out there and we should go get and it's a very small team of people who need to work on that. More importantly, is we need to bring them in, so we can close the books and be compliant, right? This is a public company that's very capable. What I don't want to do is overburden them, drive unnecessary administrative DS [ph] and things that destroy value, right? So the beautiful part is we're going to do this from scratch, and we're doing it with a business that is really terrific. And so that thinking has to start up front, Mike.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and I'd add to that, Charlie. I think very importantly, the 80/20 methodology, if you think of it in two buckets, one is you improve profits, right? So we put some of it in our pockets and it's for you guys. And then a big piece of it is about liberating resources, right? And we know full well that we're not coming to you guys and asking for more money, right? We've got to figure out how to do this in the resource base we have and we've got plenty to go from with tough choices. And so this should be self-funding, we should liberate resources, and we should be able to accelerate spending and reliability. I mean, it is, it's hard to overstate how important this is, right? When you look at the vast majority of customers, and I'm going to say 80 plus percent of customers, they, by far, their number one concern or their number one goal is reliability. They do not want to think about us, to be very clear, right? They do not want to think about us, and if we are a partner with them who solves their problems and does it in the right way, we're in a great spot, and we've let folks down, right? We have let folks down in the last five to ten years on this regard. The nice part is this is something that's relatively easy to fix, right? So if you look at the focus reliability spending that's happened just since I've been here, you're already starting to see benefits. So if you think about a corrugator and converting assets, right, that dramatically improves our capability, and as you up maintenance spending and you don't have breakdowns that also dramatically improves reliability. So this is a critically important part of the game. If you break it into three pieces, right, reliability, the reach that we have, our depth and breadth geographically is a tremendous asset, and then ultimately innovation. And so we need to invest in those pieces, and we need to self-fund it.
Andy Silvernail: That's a great question, Charlie. So what I would say in terms of high confidence, right? So we're tracking that, and we know what has been -- what agreements have been signed, and we know what has been -- what is unsigned, right? So we know where we have gotten -- where deals are done and where they're not. I think Tim was -- do you think it's kind of where 75% plus -- 75% kind of through that in terms of -- I'm going to say the contractual deals, how that flows still takes time, right? It takes time to flow through the system. So we're very much on track with the expectations. If you look at the accounts where we have really applied this go-to-market strategy, we are very much in line with the expectations. So that feels good. The negative surprise, and I think the negative surprise, over the next few quarters and why I'm signaling exactly what I'm signaling is that, there is a lag to reliability, right? So the stuff that was being shopped in the first and second quarter because people weren't getting the things that they needed, how they needed it, that's showing up now and will continue to show up. So those two things together are the net of market share loss. And that pipeline, unlike some businesses that go into a quarter with say, half the business book. So in my IDEX stage, we had about half the business book when we went into a quarter. We don't have that here, right? So it's hard to look at a correlation against something like that. So what you're really looking at is the health of the pipeline. And I would say we're okay at that. We got work to do to get really good at that. And I'm working with Tom Hammack and team to get much, much better at understanding the pipeline, what that looks like over time, and having the ability to call that in a way that's based on stuff that we know uniquely versus the overall economy. And so we got to get better there.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, if you actually look at the balance of go-to market and I'll call it other stuff, right, let's just call it other. The total is about 50-50, right? So if I look at now through really the second quarter and we believe that that would be investments in reliability, that other part shrinks and we feel like we're dialed in on the go-to market piece of that. So that's kind of how it plays out. No, reliability hasn't gotten worse, but I think what it's doing is the timing of how it moves through the system. And look, overall, the pricing environment has gotten more robust, right? So people are shopping more in the overall environment. And so our ability to make sure we're the leaders in reliability consistently on an ongoing basis is the game. And so look Mark, there's no doubt in my mind that this is going to be bumpy, right, as we work through this and the investments are going to take some time. It's not three years away, that's not what I mean, but I think the next three or four quarters, we're going to see some chopping there and it's going to be a little bit hard to call. And that's a conversation I know I've had with a lot of people who are on the call today. That is my expectation and that is what's playing out.
Andy Silvernail: Yes, and I think I add on there, Mark, just so everyone on the call is very, very clear and so you don't think we're being cagey about it. We actually have a legal responsibility through the U.K. takeover code. We cannot say anything that is construed as a forecast for the fourth quarter. That would trigger a whole bunch of things. So we can share in the normal course of business how we look at the third quarter. We're not allowed to share with time specificity and outlook past that without going through some very specific steps that we will go through as we post the proxy. We do have to go through that, but we have to be very careful on this call. So I apologize for that opaqueness, but we really have a responsibility that we have to keep to.
Andy Silvernail: But I think very importantly, right? How that capital is going to be spent is going to be different, right? So I would say one of the sins of the past, so to speak, if you look at all that capital spending that I outlined in the discussion in the prepared remarks, if you look at that capital spending over the last 10 years, that peanut butter spread mentality, the whipsaw of chasing bad investments or assets that are deteriorating, that eats up a dramatic disproportionate amount of our investment. And so our ability to focus that on the right assets in the right geographies, box plant and in mills in the U.S. and in Europe is going to be very important, right? So as you think about the sheer change that could happen by location it can be pretty substantial. And we did that pretty dramatically at IDEX, right? When we made those choices. Our CapEx, it went up a little bit. But more than anything else, it got proportioned very differently. It got proportion towards building sustainable competitive advantage. It got proportioned to drive productivity. It got proportioned to really a great work environment. And in that environment, right, we drove about 700, 800 basis points of ROIC over that time frame. And so I know it can be done. And the great part here is we have -- because of the nature of our assets and the focus of our assets, we know how to pull this off, right? We just have to have the courage to move the resources and make the tough choices.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. I think it's more just going to show up in option cost. There is capital investment that goes into maintenance and repair, but this number is about operating costs.
Andy Silvernail: You have to expect that, right? I mean, ultimately, when you think about our overall cost buckets, we've got to make sure we match capacity with overall demand with opportunity to be successful, right? So we've got to be very thoughtful about that. We'll do it appropriately as we do that. But as we think about structural cost, we got to be honest about where the structural costs are.
Andy Silvernail: I think, look, one of the major positive surprises when you come into a situation like this, right, long-term poor performance and not kind of dealing with some of the major issues that need to be dealt with. You worry about what you're going to find, right? You worry about what you're going to find. And I will tell you, I have been extremely positively surprised by the capability and the willingness. So the team is willing and they are able. The pent-up frustration and the pent-up excitement about running this company the way it should be run is palatable. And what I have seen is just people grabbing on to a desire to get better and very specifically, grabbing on to 80/20, right? We are moving at a pace. Again, I've done this an awful lot. And the pace at which this group has been willing to engage and their ability to engage has been frankly inspiring. They've done a great job with that. And so we've got great people at IP. I'll put this group against any group of people. And I mean up and down the organization, I've spent a lot of time in box plants and mills. We've got great people. My father in law was a 37-year IP employee. When IP bought Champion back a long time ago, my father in law went with that. He retired as an IP employee. So right after he asked me whether or not his pension was safe, we talked a lot about maintenance. And so I have a real affinity for those folks within our business. And when I go and I talk to them, these people are fantastic, right? They're absolutely fantastic. I came in this morning, I was given a hat from our Riegelwood facility, and it's a precision maintenance hat. I went there and I had a chance to sit in on some bearings training and listening to these folks, these are incredibly capable folks who they need the focus and they need the resources to win. They know how to do with the list of high-return projects by facility, by location is awesome. And the need for us to allow them to win we need for us to -- they need us to allow them to win. So I feel really good about the team and about the engagement. Look, we're going into the next phase of this, right? In the next phase, there are kind of tough phases here. One is the buy-in, which you had talked about, and we've got it, we have got buy-in. And frankly, our overall performance and other events that have happened recently, those are things that really solidify people into where they are, right? They understand what the stakes are. And that sense of urgency is very high within this group. They're very capable people. So we've passed that first test. The second test is now the doing of the hard things. Right now, we've got to go do them. And that will be -- we're going to move very quickly, but you also have to move intentionally, right? You've got to be very smart about that. You've got to think about those strategies of how you win with customers, where you win with customers, and you need to invest very intentionally and ahead of the curve, so you make sure you're winning not hurting them, and we've got to do that and do that well. But I think this team is ready to do that.
Andy Silvernail: That's a great question. So I call it the scorecard, right? So one of the things that we've got to get better at here across the company is really having clarity of the metrics that drive results for our customers and drive results for our owners. And those things -- obviously, we've got tons of data. You can imagine our process environment, there's tons of data. But the data that really matters has got to stick out. So the basic stuff around safety, quality, on-time in full productivity and profitable growth. Those are the basic ones. I was in Cedar Rapids, Iowa last week, and the team does a great job there. It's an OCC mill that just does a phenomenal job. And they're probably a leader in terms of the linkage between what happens upstream in terms of our reliability capability, our production capabilities. You name it, you name the metric. And so they understand the levers. There also are probably first or second in the fleet and cost per ton, right? They're outstanding from that perspective. And so they really demonstrate they're kind of a great forerunner, so to speak, of what happens when you really measure cause and effect. So we are seeing that. Specifically commercially, right, as you think about the commercial side, moving incentives they're more tied to profitable growth versus volume is very important. -- Understanding, however, that you got to be competitive in the market, right? You've got to be competitive, you got to price to value, and that is very important, right? You've got to price where customers see your value. And we're getting better at understanding that. We've got room to go. We are significantly improving our sales talent across the business in terms of the number of people that we have and their capabilities. And we're seeing that pipeline grow because of that but you got to have clarity of metrics and incentives have to be tied to those metrics from the customer all the way through your production capability all the way through the supply chain. And that's something we've got work to do, and we're going to get better.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So in terms of timing, look, I apologize. We just -- as you can imagine, we wrestled with that question internally and we had to talk to lawyers and whatnot. But as we're involved with the DS Smith process, we can't, and if we do, it constitutes a forecast, and it triggers a whole bunch of messy things. So we have to be very, very careful of that. What I would say is that is a mid-cycle number. And it's not forever away, right? So we're not talking about 10 years away. It's not something like that. And so for those of you who know me, my track record is to move. And we're going to move, and that's going to be very, very important. Specifically, as we talk about GCF, let me talk about that more from the whole portfolio. We're looking at our whole portfolio, you have to, right? And you have to do it all the time. You don't do it once, you do it all the time you're reviewing your portfolio. And what I've said to folks is I started on May 1. And what I said out of the gate was we will not get to the May 1 and not have a decision. And I've said that to our people internally, have been very transparent that we got to go through a decision-making process, and we will make those decisions. Sooner is always better, right? It's always better to do those things. And so that would be my goal, sooner is better. And we have to follow a deliberate process. In terms of the magnitude, the impact of GCF on that overall number, it's very small, right? So there is no expectation that GCF is a giant proportion of that. And so we'll obviously be more detailed over time when we can be more detailed when we're allowed to be more detailed. And also, you're going to see some detail in the proxy. So the proxy is going to be filed in August. And the timing, I'm not exactly sure of, Tim. It's in August, that about right? Yes. So you're going to get more detail there. We'll have to -- we'll give more detail on the road show, what we can give, again, within the balance of what we can give. So between now and the third quarter earnings call, if you kind of bracket that time frame, so 90 days from now, we're going to give you a lot more detail here.
Andy Silvernail: Yes. So look, I want to say thank you again to everybody. We've got important work to do. We're very much in the data analysis phase and building the implementation plans. I think it's important to note that we're going to make decisions based on facts, and we still have some data together, and that is going to point us towards how to get a bunch of these opportunities. It's very clear, however, how much opportunity is out there and the detailed work we've already done shows that. So we will get more specific. We will time bound it as we move between now and the end of the year. But I think the key thing that I would ask people to take away is that we have control of the vast majority of this. We have control of that. We can control our own destiny. Yes, things are going to move in the market. We can't control that. But we can control what we do. We can control how we approach understanding our business and where we apply our resources and focusing on the right customers, the right products and the right assets to drive really outstanding results over time. So with that, I want to thank everybody very much for your time, for your partnership, and I look forward to talking to you here over the next months as we move through this process. Thank you.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Hey good morning Charlie. It's Tim. So I would say there's a significant portion of it that's directly tied to reliability. We do have there's a little bit of timing between quarters and we did underspend the estimate that we thought for the second quarter. So some of that is bleeding [ph] into the third. But in terms of ongoing reliability spending, I think you can think of it over the next three, four, five quarters where we are getting the system to the point that it can sustainably be reliable and open up capacity.
Timothy Nicholls: For the year, it's really hard and we can't forecast the fourth quarter because of issues with the transaction. Look, I think Andy said it, there's chop and we're going to have some up and down, but we're working with the market, 1% to 2%, and we've got to see how all of these negotiations play out and the follow through on getting the price to a competitive level and then what that means for volume.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, so what we're looking at is somewhere between a $1 billion and $1.2 billion one on a normalized basis. There could be periods where because of the opportunity, we might want to invest a little bit above that level to support the strategy. But it's really largely around the same level of capital that we normally target. We think we can do it within that.
