John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Let me start things off by saying, overall, I'd frame the first quarter as okay. At $928 million EBITDA, that's comparable to the fourth quarter of 2012 and up versus the first quarter of 2012, primarily driven by strong results in Industrial Packaging, European papers, IP Russia and Brazil. We got to the cheap end of our $400 million stretch synergy target for Temple and we got there faster than we thought we would. We got greater than the full recovery of the September containerboard price increase through boxes with $55 of realization in the quarter. And after a challenging fourth quarter of operations and some early carryover issues into January and February, we closed the quarter strong, back to what we expected in International Paper normal good IP execution all around the world. In Brazil, we realized the full cost savings benefit of the biomass boiler and closed on the corrugated packaging acquisition, IP Orsa, where we are off to a good start integrating the business and you'll hear about that a little more this morning. But outside of the normal lower seasonal demand that we always have in the first quarter and some higher fiber costs, primarily OCC versus fourth quarter, we had some headwinds, the biggest one was a noncash foreign exchange swing at our Ilim Joint Venture due to a weaker ruble, and Ilim's got a sizable amount of U.S. dollar debt. We had some headwinds on the revenue side in xpedx and so they were challenged. And we also had higher corporate expenses that were not S&A related and actually accounted for most of the gap between where we came in and first call. Before I turn over to Carol, let me just say upfront what I am going to say at the end. I just want to make sure investors understand this. IP is a cash flow story. We're going to be approaching $2 billion of free cash flow in 2013. As we look at the year, we're now over 4 months into it. We think that's -- we got a line of sight to that. And we're going to allocate that cash flow in a balanced way with a portion of it back to share owners. Four months into the year, we now have a more clear line of sight to the $5 billion of EBITDA that we talked about with investors at that last Investor Day. So I'll come back and talk about that again at the end, but I just wanted to get that out upfront. So now let me turn it over to Carol to take a closer look at the quarter, and then we'll come back and take your questions.
John V. Faraci: Okay, Carol, thanks. In closing, as I already shared at the front end, I feel good about our exit rate of earnings in March, much stronger than January and February and our execution. We ended well after a couple of inconsistent months. The supply chain still remains tight especially in Industrial Packaging, but it is operating well. So we're back to normal expected IP execution. Looking ahead, we see seasonal demand improvements in packaging both in North America and in paper in Brazil. We're also going to start to realize some of the North American board and box price increase during the quarter, but the benefit is going to be partially offset by higher costs from containerboard that we purchased as part of the settlement agreement with the DOJ related with the Temple acquisition that Carol talked about. And I'd just remind you, that volume that we were required to purchase by the agreement ramps down at the end of 2000 -- second half of 2015, it goes to 0. Further, we're going to have our peak outage quarter in the second quarter. That's going to be more than $100 million quarter-on-quarter. So it's a big system, we've got a lot of outages. Second quarter is going to be our big quarter. We also got the bulk of the start-up costs associated with Ilim. And just remind you, 2 projects, $800 million project in Bratsk; $300 million project, Bratsk as a pulp line, Koryazhma as a paper machine. Over $1 billion of projects now completed into the commissioning phase that's not going to be cash to IP, but it is going to show up in our equity earnings and we expect to be making cut size paper at Koryazhma. At the end -- by the end of May, we're making size offset now and we're just starting to make and sell pulp off the Bratsk machine. We're also going to see higher tax rate quarter-on-quarter as we go back to a normal rate that's in the 30s, low 30s. So all things considered, we think the second quarter is going to look similar to the first quarter on an EPS basis, but it's going to position us for a very strong second half of the year. So 4 months into the year, we're now in the second quarter. What we see now, we're confident that we're going to deliver in the second half of the year. We ran well in April. In January, I shared with you when we had our fourth quarter conference call, our view of free cash flow in 2013 moving into '14 was going to approach $2 billion. We still see that. Actually, we have more line of sight on that now as we're 4 months into the year. We have clear line of sight -- in fact, more clear line of sight on the $5 billion of EBITDA that we talked to you about for International Paper at Investor Day. We may get there a different way, but I think, importantly, International Paper's got the levers to pull and more upside with our global footprint. So with that, let me just turn it over to the operator for questions.
John V. Faraci: I think we've got the tailwinds in our Industrial Packaging business, but we've got some headwinds from where we were back in 2011, some headwinds from coated paperboard. The Asia, we've got an excess capacity issue in Asia. So we're going to see Asia, particularly in the joint venture over there struggle for a while because there's a lot of paperboard capacity coming on. We all know what's going in the Chinese economy. Europe, while our business in Europe is still in a -- our paper business is doing really well. Our box business in France, Italy and Spain is -- looks like France, Italy and Spain. So I think there are pluses and minuses. But by and large, we have -- we didn't have complete line of sight when we talked about our Reaching Our Potential, but we've got much better line of sight now and I think you'll see that start to show up in some of the run rate EBITDA numbers we're going to be sharing with you in future calls.
John V. Faraci: Yes, the sale of building products, we've got a second request from the Justice Department and second request takes some time to work through. We would expect we're going to work through that just like we know how that works because we've been through it before. So I suspect sometime this summer. And in the meantime, even though building products is in discontinued operations, it's generating a lot of cash. It's doing quite well.
John V. Faraci: Well, there is a lot of overlap. I mean, what makes the synergies and we've seen this in acquisitions we've done in IP and most recently in Industrial Packaging. When there's a lot of overlap, there's a lot of redundant functional costs you can take out. There's going to be a lot of warehouse space that can be consolidated because Unisource and xpedx are in similar markets. And I don't want to speak for the new co what they're going to do, but when we got together and looked at xpedx management and Unisource management -- remember, Unisource approached us, so they've done some homework. They showed us what they've done and we said yes, we agree. There's a lot of opportunity here to do things that are pretty much blocking and tackling. They take time and they're not easy. But it's not new stuff that creates a lot of upside for the 2 companies together, they couldn't get that upside individually.
John V. Faraci: I think there are going to be best practices that Unisource has, that xpedx has been working on other stuff, that they can adopt that make kind of the xpedx side better and there are going to be best practices that xpedx has that Unisource can take advantage of and that's the new company. So there'll be stuff that we're further along on in terms of responding to what's going on in the marketplace whether it's IT, whether it's purchasing, whether it's customer service, whether it's warehousing, whether it's transportation. It's a buy-handle-sell business. And we've already seen some of those differences, so there's a lot of stuff that we'll be implementing in one network that's not implemented in another network and it will cover all of that buy-handle-sell stuff.
John V. Faraci: Chip, I think that -- I think it's really important, one is when we're moving that volume around the world, we're not out trying to take market share because what we're doing is, as Carol said, we're bringing volume back to Latin America where the market's growing. The other piece, I think, that's unique to IP around how we manage our paper businesses in Russia with Ilim and [indiscernible]. We've got a joint marketing agreement between Ilim and International Paper's so IP markets all the paper that's going to come out of this new paper machine that's in the Ilim Joint Venture, so we're going to market in the Russian CIS countries as one, which again is an excellent opportunity for us to take advantage of the global footprint to maximize the business and the markets that we serve.
John V. Faraci: Yes, Chip, when we put together the projects in Russia, again think of this: This is the biggest capital project that IP has ever undertaken. Bratsk is the biggest project in Siberia in the industry in 40 years. We didn't know exactly when they were going to start up. We knew when they did, there were going to be some significant start-up costs because you don't start up with $1 billion of capital projects for free. We just don't know when it was going to hit. So we now have line of sight on that and we're well into the commissioning and start-up, it's gone pretty well. So that's a piece we just need to move through and we'll move through that in the second quarter, not the second half of the year and not the first quarter.
John V. Faraci: That 30% to 40% of free cash flow back to share owners in the form of dividends, it's an important priority for us. You just do the math and you take 35% and take the midpoint, there is room for the dividend to grow. And we've talked about investors who are doing that in a methodical, consistent, periodic and sustainable way.
John V. Faraci: It depends how much you're going to view 2014. We're a little far out, but I think we're going to get there. We're not going to get there in one step and we're not going to take 10 years to get there. So our objective is to move in that direction. We want to have the dividend be sustainable, so we don't want to get in front of our skis here, but we've got significant runway we think to move the dividend up.
John V. Faraci: George, I would just add there what makes this really powerful is International Paper is a big system. But what makes a unique International Paper is every good competitor is trying to optimize their business every year, and they do. But we've taken a business that was 4 million tons and tripled the size of it, more than tripled the size of it. It's now 12 million tons. And so we've got opportunities that no one else has because no one else has more than tripled the size of their business over the past 5 years. If you think about it, we really never had an opportunity to optimize the warehouse or IP system because once we integrated it, we were back into Temple doing another integration, so we got the optimization of a much bigger footprint that we have ahead of us, which is great news.
John V. Faraci: I think there are pluses and minuses, George, on the macro outlook. China, probably is a little weaker but it's still a big economy growing at 7%. The issue there probably isn't the growth rate, it's the excess capacity that got added. Europe looks like it's going to be struggling to get out of recession a little bit longer, but doesn't seem to be falling in aggregate deeper into one. I think the U.S. economy feels to us like it's more like 1.5% to 2% GDP growth, not 2.5%. But if it gets revived in a solid 2.5%, we're wrong. But it feels like 1.5% to 2%. So the overall, I think, things are playing out. We're growing a lot slower than the world should be growing, or we're certainly growing a lot slower than the U.S. economy is capable of. And I believe eventually we'll grow at 3% to 4%, which is where we should be.
John V. Faraci: Paul, you just made news around the table. I hadn't seen that on I falls [ph]. I think we're running at the upper end of what we think the normalized range is. You got to remember we talked about a secular decline, but there's also an economic impact. And when the economy is not running at what we think is more of a normalized rate, say, around 3%, it has an impact on demand. Having said that, the first quarter when we came into it, we knew it's going to be soft because we had 2 less days to work with. I think we'll see it solidify as we go through the second quarter and who knows where the second half of the year will be. But we've said 3% to 4%. It looks like it's running at the upper end of that range right now.
John V. Faraci: No. In one of the places, I think Phil asked a last question earlier, I was -- it reflects to what you were referring to, I think you were referring to a chart we had in the last presentation that kind of went through a whole bunch of initiatives that added up to $350 million to $450 million. We're going to be short on that, but I would say the way our share owners are going to benefit is the combination of xpedx and Unisource potentially has got far more earnings potential than that. And with the structure of the transaction the way it is, IP share owners will own more than 50% of the new co and so they'll have the opportunity if they choose to, to benefit from that.
John V. Faraci: In a $30 billion company with 70,000 employees, you've got your costs rising and you've got to offset that with productivity improvement and cost reduction, so that inflation -- even though inflation as low as there.
John V. Faraci: We've been going for a little over an hour now, so I know we may not have gotten to all your questions. But let me just wrap up by saying we feel pretty good, very good, about the cash flow story at International Paper. It's still going to be in $2 billion range as we exit the year. So just remember, IP is a cash flow story. We're going to be generating a lot and we're going to be use it in a balanced way, which means some of it is going to go back to our share owners.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Gail, it's Tom Kadien. Let me start on the operating issues. We had a digester plug in early January, that was already discussed but that cost us several million dollars. We also took I think 24,000 tons of lack of order in January. We got Augusta 2 down and at the end of February that cost us some money. But we ran very well really February through April. So operations, our system has settled down. If you look at the chart on downtime we were taking LLO consistently every month for the last year. We've now got a full system. Our backlogs, to your point there, the industry backlogs are up. We were out 5 weeks on paper. Our extrusion backlogs are significantly longer than that. They were out looking at 60 days on poly coated folding and cup stock, and pricing is moving. So it feels like an inflection point. And I think there has been some restocking, I would say, in the converting channel. But as we talk to our customers, they're seeing improved demand, so it's not just restocking. We're seeing that in the food service as well as the consumer food segments. So I would say it's feeling a whole lot more sustainable as opposed to just a short-term pickup.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, George, this is Tom. If you look at last year, throughout the year, we took close to 180,000 tons, a lack of order downtime and ran really to what our customers were demanding and not chasing prices. So I think we probably lost some market share through the year last year. I think as we turn the corner on this year, I say we're probably, on the upside, recovering some of that in not only in our coated board business, but also our Foodservice business which is our largest customer. They continue to gain market share. So clearly, we did, in the 2012 year. But I would say since the beginning of this year, I would say we're probably doing better than market.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, India is a complex place. The biggest headwinds we have over in India right now, we've had a run-up in wood costs by an order of 60% between, say, the fourth -- middle of the fourth quarter and the end of the first quarter. And pricing has trailed, catching up with that. So that's probably the biggest headwind along with all the other things that you get along with doing business in India. Pricing is now, I'll say, caught up and we'll see improving results out of India. But the market's still growing. And on an APPM basis, on an India basis, the business still looks very good. We have a separate legal entity there. We're making some other investments in the market that kind of pulled down the numbers, but the APP investment is still much improving and a long way to go.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Well, you have to remember we were taking the system down to the tune of about 180,000 tons last year taking LLO, and shutting down Augusta 2 is a more cost-effective way of taking the capacity out. It's going to take a while to work through some of the manpower, I'll say, bumping around the mill and shifting of folks. And to the enterprise, it'll end up being a benefit, but I'd say it's going to show up in the back half of the year more than in the second quarter.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It's about $10 million across the enterprise both -- it'll show up in both coated paperboard and in pulp.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Chip, it's Tim Nicholls. Yes, Carol represented just one piece of what we think the opportunity is in terms of leveraging the enterprise. That's all related to cut size and how we continue to supply customers in 3 regions and manage supply chains. So that's a good opportunity. We haven't shut any capacity since Franklin, but we're moving substantially more volume offshore, not only in cut size but in offset and forms rolls. And we're doing that in combination with our business in Brazil, making sure that we leverage both sets of assets to supply the customer base in the most efficient way. As far as capacity longer term goes, we're all about running the lowest cost system we can, if we see an opportunity to run at a lower cost, we will. But for now, we like the options that we have running the assets we have.
Timothy S. Nicholls: And Chip, one last thought that I would mention in that regard. Our organizations are completely connected so we know what we're doing in every region of the world on almost every time. We're not competing with one another. We're actually maximizing the effects of the organization, so that we put very efficiently volume where we think it needs to go.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Paul, it's Tim Nicholls. Just on market pulp, the biggest difference from the fourth quarter to the first was heavy maintenance outage in one of our largest pulp mills, the Georgetown mill, where we produce a lot of fluff pulp. And everything else was kind of moving sideways from where we were in the fourth quarter. We did see price start picking up early in the first quarter and we're seeing that continue now. So as we look forward, we're going to get a better mix of product. We were selling some hardwood rolls to balance out the system that we're not going to be selling and will see softwood prices, the effect of those to continue to go up.
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. I think you articulated that well and I think we have line of sight and we remain confident that we're going to have to a strong second half. I mean, we're positioned for that, we're poised for that and things are lined up that way. And what we said was we're going to see a significant improvement in IP from '12 to '13 and we still think on the whole that's what we'll see. And John also said, the cash is the important part, too. The cash is going to be there.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, so I think that math is still right on point and accurate. And that's where we're heading. And as we talk about our capital allocation, we said that as the free cash flow grows, we would take a look at the dividend, targeting the 30% to 40% of free cash flow for the dividend. We said that we would look at that annually. We did look at that in the fourth quarter of '12 and made an increase, so we'll do that. We're still in the process of bringing down some debt, mainly around our commitments on our credit metrics, so we're doing that. As we talked about from a pension contribution, the mandatory pension contribution for '13 is very modest. It's $30 million to $40 million. And then we'll see how the math works out for '14, but we know that there'll be more and we talked about putting about $1 billion in there over the '14, '15, '16 time frame. And that still leaves more cash, and then we'll look at that cash, of course, how we can create value. We'll continue to look at opportunities, but we'll also look at how can we get some of that cash back to our shareholders in another way. So I think all in all, we're approaching the inflection point where we get to returning cash and that feels pretty good.
Carol L. Roberts: I'll comment on your math. You're right, we targeted about $1 billion of debt repayment in '13 and the pension was only a small piece. And the other thing we've got to remember is we have proceeds from building products that are going to come. And then depending upon how the xpedx transaction turns out, perhaps proceeds from a dividend there. So we're going to be in a very good position. And you got to -- we talked about the dividend, the other option that we need to consider, as you said, George, is share buyback, and I think you're looking at it correctly that the cash will begin to accumulate really in 2014 when we get beyond our debt paydown.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, sure. No, this year, part of it was fourth quarter, we pulled out the nonoperating pension cost, so what gets left behind are some miscellaneous corporate expenses really related to supporting general IP level program and there were things that, Al, we just really can't and probably shouldn't allocate back to the businesses. Like, an example, captive insurance, foreign and domestic organizational structures for foreign headquarters finance and tax purposes and there's just some small remaining administrative pension costs. So if you actually look back over time, it was like $100 million I think in '11 and same-same it was $51 million in '12 and we're estimating $60 million this year. So I think that's just part of making that change over of pulling out that nonoperating pension that we leave behind this small piece.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, I think so. I think, of course, we all know that the big mover there is going to be if there's a change in the OCC going forward, but I think now we still see that, that's the kind of input headwind costs that we see for the year.
