Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. I just want to take this opportunity to share my views on International Paper and the year we have ahead of us in 2019. Coming off of strong record earnings in 2018 with really solid performance across the portfolio, and more importantly, we strengthened our businesses and we strengthened the company as we head into 2019. Our businesses are stronger. We're well positioned to drive through any challenge we may face. We have the people, the innovation, the best value chain to solve our customer's needs and a low-cost high-quality manufacturing system to succeed. We're investing in high-return projects to improve our businesses all of which drives our strong cash generation. We've also improved overall International Paper. We're a stronger company. We're well positioned to grow free cash flow in 2019 meaningfully, and we're strengthening our balance sheet and returning cash to shareholders. To me it's all about value creation. That's what drives our decisions. And we're looking forward to 2019. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mark. The – specifically to the impact of changing supply in the uncoated free sheet business and its impact on our Selma conversion, the original reason and the reason we communicated about making that conversion was to go into high-quality bleached linerboard. And that's something we need for the places we're growing the box business. So it wasn't really a – the driver wasn't our white paper system. It was what we need for our packaging system and it's a great asset to do it. So we communicated a change into 2020 and right now we're sticking with that plan. We're going to need that product pretty quickly as we get into 2020 for the box growth that we are targeting and experiencing. So I don't see any change in that plan. What it does in terms of the market obviously is it just -- a continuing evolving change in the supply base as that product line and market goes through its normal evolution. So for us our Printing Papers business is well positioned. We've got great products, a full range of products and great customers. And we -- that business is still playing an important position on the team.
Mark Sutton: Yes. Yes, fluff volume, fluff customers and we fully expect to continue to perform very well. And we should perform better than the market based on our footprint of capability, but also our product portfolio. So absolutely, it's absorbent for absorbent. It's just in different customers in different regions at higher economic value.
Mark Sutton: I think our mix Mark is staying pretty constant relative to the roll business for the printing industry the cut size business and some of the specialties we make. I think it's a little early to tell. Obviously, we are a major supplier. So we're seeing customers interested in us becoming their supplier post the GP announcement. But it's a little early to see what we're going to take and what it's going to do to our mix. But actually with the system we have now with essentially four mills -- 3.5 mills our mix is kind of ridden down with the decline because not all parts of the mix are declining at the same rate. But our facilities are pretty flexible, so we've continued to be able to optimize the mix for the best margin and best profitability. We should see pretty quickly here in the first quarter, how any incremental business that comes our way starts to shift that.
Mark Sutton: So, Mark we've talked about this before. We acknowledged that sometime in the past, box demand and GDP kind of decoupled a bit. We actually have a model that we've developed with some outside resources and some internal data analytics that GDP is obviously a major function, but there are other indicators about how we think about box demand and it doesn't always track directly with GDP. There were periods where box demand slightly outperformed GDP, but we didn't conclude that it was now back on that track. So, it's a set of analytics we use. GDP is obviously a function and the input to GDP, but it's not just a GDP measure for us.
Mark Sutton: The interesting thing Steve is that every e-commerce major player has a slightly different value proposition to customers and this velocity through their supply chain is more important to some than others. And so for the ones that it's as not as important you might actually be able to get to the perfect box even if it slows you down because that's their value proposition. But for others, there's a physics issue here that you've got to be able to load the product through the value chain. And so we're at the table with all the major people who sell direct and helping them to figure out not how to make a box smaller how to make their business model work better. And sometimes that changes the amount of packaging needed. Sometimes it actually improves our economics because of the way we're able to help them meet their goals.
Mark Sutton: I would say the investment we made with our business into Graphic is doing what we expected it to do. They're building out the business, integrating the SPS. We think that that is working out as intended. And I think the market is -- got a lot of potential because you see every day question marks about types of packaging, single-use packaging, sustainable versus non-sustainable, and I think it's going to be an interesting ride as we look at policy and we look at consumer preferences. But those products are pretty good pretty well-positioned for where the buyer and the public sentiment is going.
Mark Sutton: It's a good question, Adam. I think the European market is different than the U.S. and the price of containerboard and the price of boxes behave a little bit differently. I think I've made this comment before. With the recycled part of that industry, which is 75%, 78% of it, it's really a series of regional markets. So, lower containerboard prices on average in Europe don't mean a whole lot. It means something in a region, but not across Europe. And then there's always the spread between recycled linerboard and the virgin paper that's typically used because it's needed for some performance spec. And so that's how that market kind of frames up. And as far back as I can personally remember there's always been somewhere in the neighborhood of 10% to 15% overcapacity, nameplate capacity of containerboard versus demand. But because of that regional nature you had very good parts of the market even if you got an average overcapacity. We tend to be targeted right now in the southern part of Europe with a certain end-use box mix and largely are going to be mostly integrated on our recycled grades with Madrid. And we're integrated on our Kraftliner from the U.S. So we like our position we have right now. I think over time it'll depend on how the European industry evolves. But you've really got to think about, my premise is you have to think about it as multiple regional markets.
Mark Sutton: Yes, Scott. I think one way to think about what we're trying to do and it's a little bit different for International Paper over the prior period, but we're trying to figure out how to optimize for our shareholder base, the long-term returns through good investments and the short-term capital returns that happen through a dividend and share repurchases. And as we said last year, we have not been as systematic and as understandable in that area. We think we made a lot of progress in 2018 and we plan on continuing that in 2019. But the balance sheet being in that zone that Tim described 2.5 to 2.8 is really important to us. We think it's the right way to run a basic materials company and a company that is exposed to the kinds of economic cycles we are. But we do want to do and we're committed to doing a better job that shareholders understand on short-term capital returns and the longer-term returns that in many cases are the source of some of the cash flow that we actually have to allocate. The investments we made yesterday are producing this cash flow today.
Mark Sutton: A portion Mark of our mix is contracted for the year and we know what that visibility is. There's a portion of the mix that is not on long-term contracts and so we've got pretty good visibility. And it's a true statement that the absorbent pulp is much more resilient on a price – well from a price perspective. Again, there's always the question mark of how it compares to people who can make both softwood market pulp and fluff what's happening in the other market that's been under pressure. So you would typically see any available slowing capacity that could make fluff that has a qualified quality product to move into fluff. And that happens from time-to-time based on the health of the softwood market. I think we've seen a little bit of that play out as we went through the – especially the second half of the fourth quarter. But with the growth rate and the type of products that ultimately this pulp goes into we feel real good about the market itself and our position in the market. And we think pricing will continue to be much more resilient than a typical softwood pulp grade would be.
Mark Sutton: I think we see what you see. I mean, you hear about Europe and some of the country-by-country distractions that are going on whether it's France, Germany or Brexit that all results in a slightly lower economic rate of growth in Europe. And we see that, that's what Tim was talking about on some of the containerboard comments on export both volume and price. We also see there is no secret that Chinese economy is slowing. We don't have a direct impact in some cases because of the types of products we sell there, but we see a demand change. And again, it's hard to figure out right now because of the overlay with Chinese New Year. And then I think, there's some disturbances on currency. Turkey's a great example. A lot of times that ends up being temporary, but that is a little bit of turmoil right now. Latin America is actually improving. I think our biggest exposure is what we make in Brazil and sell everywhere else in Latin America, mostly white paper. That's actually kind of looking up, because of the new government in Brazil and the stabilization other than what's happening of course in Venezuela which we have no exposure to. We feel pretty good about the stability of Latin America. But I think it's really Europe and how they've manage through their political issues and what ends up happening. I'm hopeful that, we figure out a solution between the U.S. and China on trade and the things that might be weighing on that whole exchange of commerce and we'll benefit, our customers will benefit and that's how that we benefit. So we're doing our part to try to influence policy and work on that as one of many voices.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think that's the way to think about it. I mean the guidance we gave on full company full year EBITDA factors in the specific issue along with some others, but the specific issue we mentioned in Cellulose Fibers. And I would -- the way I think about it, we were on a very good trend. We're still on a good trend, except for this one issue that we'll recover from. So I think about it as sort of quarter-and-a-half, two-quarter pause in our integration of that business, outperforming the market, heading toward really being almost a year ahead of the investment plan. And we'll be in the second half of the year fully back on the track. And we factored that into the full year outlook. Had none of this happened, in a perfect world with hindsight, we would see that incremental improvement. So we left that incremental improvement on the table. We're going to do our best. It's only January 31, so we're going to do our best to close that gap. But that's our best thinking right now in terms of how that flows into the full year company outlook.
Mark Sutton: On the small types of acquisitions, where you could be talking about a box plant or something like that, there's always an opportunity to compare the economics of acquiring a plant in a location with a certain book of business, versus if you're already in that region, like the U.S. For us, we are everywhere, so we could organically invest the same amount of money or less in four plants and get exactly what we need, exactly where we need it. That typically ends up winning out for International Paper. It may not be the right decision for other companies, because they may have a total lack of capacity in an area, but for us, most of our investments that look and smell like acquisitions on the small end had been organic investments. But we'll always compare the options when we're looking to improve a part of the business, what's the best economic way to do it. And it's not simply just the financials. Do you like the location? Do you like the customers? Is it actually part of your strategy or is it just for sale? We don't like to buy things that are just for sale, if they're not part of the original strategic intent we have. And so I wouldn't say we'd never look at it, because it would be probably foolish to say that, because you could miss a good opportunity that's better than an organic investment. But that's how we think about it. The reason you haven't seen us do much of it, is we've had better options organically with our internal asset base.
Mark Sutton: I think the other reality on the replacement is in most cases it is with existing customers. It's just a matter of capturing that growth. Some of those customers are in the macro backdrop that Tim described around the last part of the fourth quarter with some slowing demand heading into Chinese New Year; some like in containerboard with a very tight fluff pulp market; some buying patterns that occurred when you could get it; and then some destocking. If you think about interruptions we -- just our company had, and we're a large player, we had some operating issues earlier in the year we shared with you and then we had a hurricane and other things that I think for customers they say, man I better get what I can get now if it's qualified. So, that's part of what's happening. It's just the ability for that to regain traction. The good news is it's the kind of product in most cases that we're already qualified on with many existing accounts that are growing at rates higher than the average. So, that's why I'm really confident we'll be able taking -- it's going to take a little longer than our original plan hence why we termed the decision a poor decision. We didn't just -- we just didn't have the execution of the recovery properly done.
Mark Sutton: Gabe, I didn't answer that question. So as we always say pricing, especially forward-looking pricing is really between International Paper and our customers. So you didn't miss anything.
Mark Sutton: I think the cost of the slowdown, how much of it is related to the U.S. - China trade discussion is hard to predict. I hear all kinds of assessments of it. But clearly if China was in the high-single digits in terms of growth and now they're in the mid to low I think a reasonable expectation is that -- a catalyst for that is the kind of uncertainty that's been put in place with these trade negotiations. That's why I think underlying demand is not really changing all that much. But when you're not sure about the trade environment you -- and the Chinese are very good at inventory management, you just use your inventory for a while. So we are speaking with all of our customers, trying to understand are consumers buying less of the product, it's the type of product that typically that doesn't happen unless you just can't afford it? Or is it you have enough inventory and we don't need the input material, which is the fluff pulp in its greater quantities? So, for your second part of the question. For our absorbent product pulp, so the fluff pulp category about 33% of our product goes into China.
Tim Nicholls: I think there were some strong comps that we were up against. We did finish the year very strong. December was a very good month for us at 2.5% and we see that continuing as we go into January. So part of its timing and part of it is the way the months lay out. But on balance, the fourth quarter for us was a pretty strong quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I don't think the destocking is a long-term impact. Depending on the region of the world some things make it a little bit harder to see clearly like Chinese New Year. We always – every year we have this for pulp and to some extent containerboard, where buying stops ahead of Chinese New Year and then you have to see how it picks up, once everyone is back. We do know that in Europe there's customers inventories, especially given the tightness that existed through a lot of last year. There's probably safety stocks that we think are in place and it'll take a month or two for those to kind of flow through. I don't see it as being longer than that, but we'll have to see how it plays out. As far as our inventories, I think we feel good. We're adequately supplied. We've got tremendous flexibility.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, well we always try to pull all the levers for free cash flow, so that doesn't change. But I do think to your point George, the $2 billion is what we put out there, but I can see upside to it as we go through the year.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I may not be responding to exactly what you're asking Mark this is Tim, but I referenced the 1.5% to 2%. That's what we were seeing in January. And I think fundamentally with the way we see the economy performing we expect it to be in that range. So, that's how we're looking not only at January, but I think that probably holds up for the year.
Tim Nicholls: We think we can. And yes I'd say your figures are directionally correct. I think the good news is we service a lot of customers in the e-commerce space and we work with all of them very closely, our design teams our commercial teams. And it's not just optimizing box size, its optimizing flow through fulfillment centers to make sure that they are getting the most efficiency in their fulfillment centers as well as getting it to the customers. So, it's not just -- is the box the absolute precisely the optimum box? It's what works in the broader system.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, sure. I mean, directionally it's probably our lowest quarter from a demand standpoint seasonally. So it picks up in the second quarter. And it used to be that the fourth quarter was a weaker quarter as well, but we've seen that change over the past three or four years. Your comment on maintenance outages is correct. In the first half of the year we'll have roughly 80% of our maintenance outages completed, and then it drops off significantly in the third, and again, significantly in the fourth quarter as well.
Tim Nicholls: Yes so, two good questions. The first on the dividend, we typically look at that once a year and we tend to do it in the fourth quarter. That's been our practice over the past seven or eight years and we'll continue to do that. The key is that, we want it to be sustainable. And so we'll evaluate how we're thinking about things when we come to it later this year. In terms of debt reduction and share repurchases as you can imagine, it would be somewhat situational and based on what we think of as the outlook that we're heading into. So we are in the range, but we're at the top end of the range on the balance sheet. We believe the balance sheet strength is foundational to the company, so we'll look at that very seriously. And if there is opportunities to buy our shares below what we believe intrinsic value to be, we're going to be very active on that as well. So what we're trying to do is saying, there's a lot of cash and it's going to be applied to debt reduction and share repurchase and we will be as thoughtful as we can be as to how we divide the two.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I'm not going to forecast what hasn't been fully approved yet because that comes later in the first quarter. But we said minimum share repurchases of dilution. We ended the year at 400 million shares and you saw what we did last year. And you see the guidance that we've given this year around how much cash we have for debt reduction and share repurchase. So it will be well -- I would imagine it will be well in excess of any dilution that we see from incentive comp.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It was fairly even October and November and then we finished strong in December. So on balance we had a strong quarter -- fourth quarter of 2018.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, you're right. It does vary from customer to customer so there'll be probably some of all of that. To your question on running, I think we've been very straightforward about running our businesses to our customers' demand and making sure that we are optimizing our supply chain. And hence you saw the reference in the commentary of the unabsorbed fixed charge that we'll have in the quarter because we won't be running and covering that fixed cost.
Tim Nicholls: Well, there's always a lot of puts and takes around capital projects that are completed during the current year and you get the benefit of it next year. Maybe the way to think about it is just from a dollar standpoint. In 2018, we spent $548 million on outages and we're guiding to $525 million this year. But as I referenced in an earlier comment we're always looking to do that more efficiently and evaluate whether certain things absolutely have to be done or not. So, we're going to -- we have the target of $525 million, but we're obviously going to try to be lower than that in terms of our spending.
Tim Nicholls: The only big material debottlenecking was our Maysville containerboard mill, which is a non-integrated mill. It produces recycled --sorry, lost my train of thought for a minute, our recycled containerboard. So we had a major project that, I think it started back in late July and it took us about 30-plus days to complete the project itself and it's running well. But other than that it's just the normal small stuff, the benefits that you get from maintenance outages and things like that.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes. So we got our hand signals mixed up there for a minute. So yes I think Mark, what you saw on the fourth quarter was continuing to buy shares, but also making sure that we were applying cash to the balance sheet as well. And as I mentioned a minute ago or showed on the slide, we did get to the top end of our range in terms of leverage for the balance sheet. And there's opportunity to take that lower, but we expect we're going to have a lot of cash to apply to share repurchases as we go through this year as well. So it was just a choice. We had bought shares in the second and in the third. We continue to buy in the fourth and we paid down some debt at the same time.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey, George, it's Tim. The $20 million it's a bunch of things honestly. It's all at corporate and a lot of small items that added up to a bigger-than-usual number in the quarter. I think that's the best way to describe it.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey Chip, it's Tim. So I think what we said a year ago at this time was that on a normalized level, we saw maintenance outage spending in the $460 million to $470 million range and last year was an elevated year and we expected some decrease in 2019. But you do this planning to varying degrees in terms of how far out in time you go. And so as we're into the second half of the year and later in the year finalizing some of that planning there's a little bit more for 2019 than we thought there could have been in this time last year. But we constantly work that number too, so that's a target. And our goal is to try to bring it as low as possible. But that, I mean, that's really the simplest explanation for how it rolls up.
A – Tim Nicholls: Yes. And I think we go back to what we said about 40% to 50% of free cash flow. So we want it to be sustainable. We have a target range of free cash. And we look at longer term not just the year we're in, but longer-term planning about how we feel about that cash flow -- that cash flow stream. And we have a very good dividend today, but we also have as I mentioned earlier the option of returning more cash through share repurchases as well. So I'm not making a call one way or the other. I'm just saying that's the framework that we look at and that's the same framework we'll go through later this year when we evaluate it.
A – Tim Nicholls: Well, there's a lot of moving parts as you referenced some of them. But yes we think it's going to take us a couple of quarters for this to be fully resolved. I would hesitate to get into forecasting specific items across the company, but you see the impact in the first quarter from volume and the extra costs related to unabsorbed fixed. And as we referenced, we see it correcting itself in the second to third quarter and then we also provided how EBITDA is shaking out, we think, for the year. So I...
