Mark Sutton: Yeah I think the outline on slide twenty four are the key drivers. I mean part of it is as I mentioned in internal execution. We still don't have a robust volume outlook in our plan, but I think we've got the opportunities in the points I made on that slide that gives us a good chance to grow that EBITDA in really internal initiatives and some of the execution issues that we have in front of us. And there is a long list of high-return capital projects that improve our quality and lower our costs that we’ve discovered in the number of businesses, most recently in our -- in North American Industrial Packaging business that we plan on working on. 
Mark Sutton: Hi, Mark. We're are seeing January starting off with a continuation of the trend we saw in November and December. So across a number of segments you know we're sort of in every segment given our scale, but we do see that continuing. I wish I could answer your second question, I would say we hope so. Some of it seems to be underpinned by the behavior of the American consumer and everything we read about with respect to the impact of lower fuel prices and you know consumer sentiment in general being better. But it’s you know a couple of months, maybe not a trend yet but we are cautiously optimistic. 
Mark Sutton: Thanks Carol. Good morning, Gail. Now the charges are really as Carol described. Our view on the businesses, in any of these kind of emerging markets is, it’s a long view. It’s a difficult time in Asia right now for a number of reasons, namely capacity issues. You know we're very small in India and we still see some potential there. So I think we do have a long view on these markets, but as we said before, and I said in my earlier comments we will continue to evaluate as time goes on almost on a continuous basis. The portfolio we're in and geographies and businesses, all against the backdrop of trying to do the things that create the most value long term. So you know we're going to continue to look at our emerging markets. Sometimes, you’ve to weather some storms, and I think that's what we're going through right now. 
Mark Sutton: I think Gail, on the global part of that question, you know we’ve seen a lot of customer acceptance of higher grade fiber-based packaging. So we make this new product at our Kwidzyn Mill. It’s been very well received. Now we are in segments of the Consumer Packaging market from a board manufacturing standpoint, not every segment. And the ones that we're in, you know we think still have some runway and still have a lot of interest by customers. 
Mark Sutton: Well it’s something -- it’s a great question. It’s something we evaluate constantly around whether or not a fuller line of products and really any of our business brings value to customers. And sometimes the best place to ask that question is in where the customer sits. And so it’s something Gail we always evaluate and you will probably see from time to time that we expand our offering. You know we did it in our corrugated packaging business. But I don't see that we're in a particular disadvantaged spot right now. But it’s definitely something we continue to look at as we should, as a value-creating opportunity for the company. 
Mark Sutton: Philip, I would be happy to. You know demand in a quarter, expected inventory needs to service customers in the next quarter, and in the case of the first quarter you start getting the annual outages. And just how we ran and how we operate, all factor into where our inventories end up despite our best efforts on planning where we want them to be. And I think with all that said, I believe we're in good shape from an inventory standpoint. Going into 2015, our inventories went down in the quarter and we believe we’ve got the systems in place to operate in the first quarter without any interruptions because our inventory is too low.  The one dynamic that we are dealing with and I think a lot of people are dealing with is the transportation network continues to be a little less flexible than it has been in the past. So that influences where we might need to see inventory levels that might be different from what they were in the past. But I think we like where we are right now. 
Mark Sutton: I think it’s a bit of -- some of the projects definitely, some projects that we’ve already started in 14 that will benefit us in 15. And I think it’s a mix across domestic and the outside the US businesses. But given the scale of our business, obviously most of the driver is coming from some opportunities in our North American system. There is a little bit of volume or growth I would say in there. And it’s areas where we think we have the ability because of our customer portfolio to grow even in a flat-market environment. So, but the big driver is the first thing you mentioned, which is improving our cost structure and cost takeout. 
Mark Sutton: Yeah, that's a great question, Mark. And I think what I’ll do is I’ll ask Carol to kind of give you a high-level puts and takes across the company. 
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think on Orsa you know what I mentioned earlier is we made a lot of operational improvements as we went through the year and we expect to continue that. Where we've been challenged really is on the commercial side, and so I think we're going to take advantage of whatever the market gives us, but we expect a difficult commercial environment in the Box business in Brazil through 2015, at least with what we can see now.  But there are opportunities, continued opportunities to improve the operation of our recycle bills there and our box plans. And so I think when and I know it will happen, when the market improves we will be well positioned to take advantage of it. So I think you'll see internal improvements through 2015 and commercial improvements as the economy improves. 
Mark Sutton: Mark, you know as we always do look exhaustedly at different opportunities for that asset and there's nothing major that has come out of that work there or maybe a couple of small opportunities that are still alive. But I don't see anything right now in the scale of Franklin. 
Mark Sutton: I think what we've been looking at in terms of our plan and the backdrop against what I was talking about our earnings growth is about a 1% North American Box market growth rate. 
Mark Sutton: You know Adam, I think the real driver of why the exports are up is most of what’s exported is Kraft Liner. And that's what we export and we saw actually improved demand for our Kraft Liner segment. So while at the macro level some of the markets were soft in some of the Kraft Liner segments tends to be in some of the fresh food and humidity-proof kind of segments. We saw improvement, and so we had more customer demand and a good percentage of that goes to our own box business in Europe. 
Mark Sutton: Well I think the gap between you know kind of a dollar pricing between domestic containerboard and export containerboard does have a normal control range based on -- a lot of it’s based on FX effects and how containerboard is sold in different parts of the world. So in Latin America for example it’s sold in dollars, no big change in Europe. Some of it’s sold in euros but I think our view is, you know we’ve been doing this for a long, long time before the euro even came into existence. We’ve sold containerboards successfully at $0.84 and we’ve sold it successfully at $1.45.  And we're in it for the long-term, so I think that gap will move around. But it seems like it’s in the normal band that you would see when currency moves around. And the bottom line is the customers that we have need Kraft Liner and we're going to supply it to them for those needs. And we will make more money in some periods of time, we’ll make less money in other periods of time, but it’s a strategic segment for us. 
Mark Sutton: Sure, Chip. I think what you saw was, I think an interview and we were talking about opportunities to grow our packaging business. And the question was about North America and I said in North America, our primary opportunities are in our box business given where our position is in containerboard. And then I used an example of Orsa as a containerboard and box move in a market where we can do that. And obviously, as we said we're interested in generating shareholder return by doing what we do well and that may include growing our packaging business globally.  So that was the context of what I think you're referring to. And I think you know consumer packaging is definitely interesting for us, which I think is what you are talking about when you said paperboard. And industrial packaging of course is our driver for the company right now and those are businesses we believe, we have more opportunity and we will continue to evaluate those opportunities. 
Mark Sutton: Chris, that was very carefully asked. But you know obviously we never speculate on what we might do on pricing to recover our cost. It’s obviously a fundamental in business that you need to think about those things. And, we're talking about what we might do in the future, what we’ve always talked about is the conditions that would need to be present for and that's much more complicated than just demand. 
Mark Sutton: That's a good question, Steve. You know we’ve got a good team in China. They manage the business. It’s not a distraction to management at all. And again, you know we wouldn’t speculate on what we would do in all of our businesses. We evaluate them for the near-term, midterm and long-term, and we look at China beyond what we just have in China. We view China as an important market for IP. Carol talked about you know a big portion of the rationale for Ilim is all about China. We import products from the US to China, that they need like fluff pulp and containerboard, and we’ve operations in China.  So when we think about China, we think about from the IP side, we think about all of those activities. And it’s an important market and we’ve tried to address it in different ways. So I think we will continue to look at that and all of those kinds of ways to serve that market and continue to evaluate it as we go forward. 
Mark Sutton: Well I think that's to my earlier answer to a similar question that, you know extending our products and know-how into new uses is something we look at constantly and to see if we can create value. And then going into adjacent spaces, where maybe we look at combining materials like fiber and something else to make a better product. Again most of those markets have valid competitors who are really good at what they do. So if we think about doing it we think about it because we believe we can have a competitive advantage and that maybe complementary offerings with what we already do would be a better solution for the customer. So yes it’s on the table, almost on a continuous basis. It’s part of our business planning and strategic inputs to our strategic plan that we do from our marketing teams. 
Mark Sutton: Well, that's obviously what we work on every day and we're not satisfied with our path toward our 5 billion. And we talked about this before and one of the biggest misses is we had a slightly better economic environment during that period. And we called it a mid-cycle target, mid-cycle demand, mid-cycle cost and we probably haven’t seen the demand side really. So a small amount of demand improvement really ratchets that performance up pretty quickly. And then you know we've got more opportunities and some internal improvements that we can pull forward. But we really probably need a little bit better economic set of conditions to accelerate it in a meaningful way lacking, you know changing the company in some way. But with what we’ve today is what we said we're focused on getting the 5 billion with the IP we’ve today. 
Mark Sutton: Imports of containerboard have a lot more issues to manage than just the economic piece. So the US market, given the way it's constructed, who makes the boxes and those types of things makes importing containerboard a bit of a challenge. So I don't know if there's a number, I guess there’s always a number. But I don't think we see imports of containerboard in the US being a major, a major issue. 
Mark Sutton: Well I think as a market that segment is still pretty small as a segment of the US Box market. I think it’s 2 to 3% or something in that range, but it’s growing at an impressive rate. You know our business in that segment has been one of our high points and you know in the 15 to 20% growth range. And I think that's how much the segment is growing as well in addition to our numbers. But I believe that's going to continue, but again there’s so many boxes in the US used for other things. And it'll be a while before it’s maybe a major segment, but the growth rate is exciting. And corrugated gets to show its full value to the market in that kind of supply chain, and so we're excited to be participating in that segment. 
Mark Sutton: Okay Paul, I’ll take the question on the antidumping case, and then I’ll ask Mike Amick to update you on our pulp business. He has the pulp business in our paper sector. On the antidumping case, you know obviously we're aware of it. Our set of kind of conditions are different than a lot of the other players. We’ve a global footprint in uncoated free sheet and you know we rely on the flexibility of that network. So our view on that is probably a little different than some of the other companies that are named in the complaint. But largely we make the printing papers around the world that we make for the local markets or the regional markets and import virtually nothing to the US. So that's not made in the US from our own operations. 
Mark Sutton: Yes definitely, Debbie it’s definitely something we're watching. The electricity prices are very dependant on rainfall and water reservoir levels and we dealt with those issues throughout 2014. It’s not completely behind us by any stretch of the imagination, so you know it’s a potential. We don’t plan for everything that could go wrong going wrong, but we are watching it, and putting contingency plans in for that exact potential. 
Mark Sutton: You know we like what we’ve started in Brazil. It’s not performing to our expectations, but we think we know how to fix it. And I think if we can show that we can do that, we would like to look at opportunities. Brazil is an interesting packaging market. There is opportunities to do organic moves and there is opportunities to potentially make small acquisitions. There are no large, large players or anything like that. So you’ve to build the business in a different way, but it is something we’ve interest in and you know we’ll only do it if we think we can create value doing it. 
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think on the first part of your question. You know we’ve seen kind of a normal level of competitive activity regionally as you mentioned based on some new capacity being absorbed. I don’t think anything has really changed in the third quarter or fourth quarter. We just kind of navigated through that process. It’s obviously pushed some product probably to the export markets from the US, but we see that is kind of stable and no real change as the year went on. And again a little bit of growth probably helped in the fourth quarter and would definitely help get that capacity to market in the 2015 period.  And there's no discussions about you know normal input costs like OCC that would drive our customers to test liner. Our customers really talk to us about you know working collaboratively on what the best solution is. And sometimes I wouldn’t call it test liner in the US as much as I would call it a recycled blend of paper. But the performance specs are really what matter, and that's what the customers are interested in. 
Mark Sutton: Well Anthony, that is obviously an important question. Every time we try to answer it, we're like everyone else, we're wrong. So we really don't know, we will monitor it. I think Carol mentioned earlier OCC is going to be a function of global economic conditions based on where the primary OCC containerboard is made. So Asia getting better would probably firm up OCC and other markets like that. So I think you know we're going to watch it and be prepared for you know whatever happens. But we really have no way of knowing generation is part of the impact. Collection rates have improved throughout the world, so we will probably be looking at -- and I must say this. And I’ll be wrong, a stable OCC in 2015. 
Carol Roberts: George, actually the honest truth of it is, is you really don't know your total cash required contributions until June, because there's some more that has to be done. And so as we sit, it’s not really much of a change from where we were before. It’s in that range, and it all comes back to -- and very close to your funding target attainment number and you are right around 100%. If you go a little below that, you’ve to put a little bit more money in. If you are above it, you don’t. So it’s just that we're very close to that edge is why I qualify it with a 100. But there's no real change even with the growing gap in the liability. 
Carol Roberts: Yes, George this is Carol. I’ll take that. Actually what’s happening in 2015 and it will happen again in 2016, is there is some significant outages for the [indiscernible] implementation that requires some extra work. And so if you look at I think the numbers that are in there is $444 million of outage expense in 14 increasing to about 500. The biggest driver of that increase is the very specific work that has to go on around some of the mills that's more extensive than we normally would be see. 
Carol Roberts: No, Mark I think that's it. Of course you know we’ve the Ilim FX issue, so that's in both, now it’s in the 14, it will be something in 15. And you hit it, we gave some information on where we view the tax rate going and also the interest expense. So yes, you are directionally thinking about it correctly. 
Carol Roberts: Yes Gail, I’ll just comment on the charge. So I think it’s listed in our special charges. We did take the write-off of the goodwill that was associated with our Asian Box business, the converting business. And as you pointed out, we wrote off the goodwill associated with India in the prior year. And so relative to the comments about the business and the portfolio, I’ll turn that over to Mark. 
Carol Roberts: Yeah I think the -- [indiscernible] the EBITDA number out there. I think the areas you are going to see more cash used is in cash taxes. We had a number of one-off events that happened in 14 that helped lower the cash taxes that are non-repeatable. So I think we’ll see more there and then we talked about the CapEx going from 1.4 to 1.5. But again if you step back from it, it’s going to be another strong year of free cash flow for the company. 
Carol Roberts: Yeah this is Carol. Unfortunately Tim is home sick, so we got the flu running around here in Memphis. But, so I’ll take a shot at it and I’ll see if my colleagues can add to it? So if you think about Orange, Texas we had an outage in December. We found some issues that we chose to spend a little extra money on, and then we had a little difficulty coming up out of the outage which cost us a little production. So you’ve got that item and then you take our Indiana mill where we had our supplier, our steam supplier there had a catastrophic failure at their facility, which meant that we had to pay more for both electricity and steam. And that problem was with us most of the fourth quarter and is moderating and I am looking at my colleagues. I think the swing on all of this is about $10 million to $15 million should be a pickup that we get heading from the fourth to the first. 
Carol Roberts: You know that's a great question. You know we take a look at a year like 14 that we would say felt like a moderately low inflation year and yet, you know we still saw a $141 million of headwinds, so it’s a big system and small moves can matter a lot. So the things that are helping us of course are energy, pull through into chemicals, diesel. Wood costs has been stubbornly high, but you know we’ve got our fingers crossed. Maybe we’ll see it turn there and you know OTC will depend on global economic conditions. The headwinds we have though are transportation costs are going up.  And so we’ve kind of have put some cakes, so it’s hard to say if it’s going to be you know like a 100 headwind or a 100 tailwind. It’s hard to predict how it will turn out. If the economic conditions stay strong, the likelihood of it being a little bit of a headwind is probably more likely and that would be a good problem. And so, we’ll just have to see, so that's a round answer Al, but that's about what it feels like right now. 
Carol Roberts: Yeah Mark, you know if you look at the business and you know us well, the primary impact of FX is going to be less around the accounting conversion of profits from euro to dollars, all of that stuff. It's going to have the bigger impact, it’s going to be around really the economic implications of what it does to trade flows, cost competitiveness and where people sell their products, and what we can charge for our products in different regions. If you step back from it, clearly the biggest impact is the strengthening US dollar. For us, a stronger US dollar net-net will cost us, you know it will lower our earnings.  And I don't know that we've kind of given this number out before, but if you think about you know a 10% depreciation in the dollar, it could be a 15 millionish round number just from the accounting side of it. And that doesn’t speak to any of the economic implications of it. So we're hedged in a lot of places. You know we’ve weakening currency in Brazil and Russia, but we’ve a lot of dollars sales. But the biggest impact of course is you know we export a lot from a lot of places and it will be trade flows that has the biggest impact. 
Carol Roberts: Relative to Ilim, we still target and believe that under you know normal conditions, $600 million EBITDA is the target for the footprint and the platform we build out. And depending upon the margin on that, it’s probably in your upper 20s, 28ish percent approximately. 
Carol Roberts: So let me give you a couple of numbers and I am going to let Jay kind of look for it. And so this is more of a pro forma than it is an actual number right now. But if you think about a business that's got $600 million of EBITDA, think about sustained CapEx is around $200 million. Okay and then you’ve got taxes and I think taxes in Russia is, the tax rate is 20ish percent. And then you’ve got to service your debt and so that's the question of how that will come over time and how much leverage do we want to keep on the business. So you can see that it’s going to be a very nice cash flow generator if you kind of do that math. And the interest that we had in 14 was like $70 million, so a lot of nice cash. And then the question is what do you want to do with that cash, dividends to the shareowners or further reinvestment in the business are the options. 
Carol Roberts: Yeah, I think the 26 was unusually low because we had the double year of two helpings of extenders and legislations. The 31 was more normal as you would expect. And then the 33 goes up, because as you stated you know we're going to have more US earnings. And with more US earnings the marginal rate on that is higher and so it’s just going to change the ratio. Well I think for us, 33 is probably a good number to plan again. And then of course we will you know work well within the bounds to you know manage our ETR and our taxes and do the things we can best to pay what we need to pay. 
Carol Roberts: No, that's around the dollars that we’ve got flowing in because of these great operations and margins we’ve got. So we’ve got dollars that are sitting in the bank. 
Carol Roberts: You know, I don’t think so. I think to say once again, we’ve got a great reputation with the rating agencies. You know we’ve got really incredibly low discount rates, so rates go up. You know we’ll make that liability to mark it again at the end of 15, so we’ll be talking to the agencies about our situation. But I don’t think that it will cause a significant shift in our strategy or our capita allocation at this point. 
Carol Roberts: It’s the natural hedge, Steve and you know the way we say it is we borrow dollars and they are still the same dollars. So there is the non-cash and so when you start hedging non-cash accounting things, you are incurring a cost without necessarily an economic benefit [indiscernible]. 
Mike Amick: Good morning, Gail. It’s a good question. I like the analogy to the baseball. I am not sure exactly what inning, I would say we're probably early in the process. We continue to see you know very strong momentum in this space. We had a good year in foodservice and the overall demand associated with that business. But I would probably characterize it as you know, we're kind of early, you know early on in this game and probably in the first three innings. We expect to see continued improvement in this space as a result of kind of the sustainability story associated with our product line. 
Mike Amick: Hey Chris, this is Mike Amick, a good question. Yeah, we took some [LLO] in Q4. But you know, we typically see a seasonal downturn in Q4, and obviously we're working to match our supply to our customer demand. You know overall we feel good about our inventory levels. You can see what's happened with the industry inventory levels as well from the publication. So we feel pretty good about that. We’ve seen as we expect to see in the first quarter, a little bit of a pickup you know in demand over the course of the last couple of weeks. And so, we’ll continue to you know again to manage our supply to our demand, but you know we feel pretty good right now. 
Mike Amick: Hey Paul, this is Mike Amick. On your second question on fluff pulp, obviously you saw from the slide that you know the pulp business had a nice year-over-year improvement. And we feel pretty good about the pulp business, the mix has been a large part of that lever as we’ve taken you know our mix up to, close to three quarters of our pulp. And we will continue to you know to drive that improvement lever and feel you know pretty good about 2015. 
