John Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. Thanks for calling in. What we're going to do from here is, as we typically do, Tim and I will summarize the quarter and then we'll take questions on the quarter. Then, I'll make a couple of comments on the Temple acquisition proposal, and if we have time we'll take a couple of questions on that. So we'll do it in that order.  So let me just start off talking about the second quarter. International Paper had a very strong second quarter in a recovering but obviously not fully-recovered economic environment here in North America. Our results were driven by a couple of things: a balanced segment and global portfolio of businesses around the world; very strong contributions from Printing Papers in North America, Coated Paperboard in North America and the Ilim Joint Venture; really outstanding operations and cost management that's continuing; good maintenance outage execution during the quarter; some seasonal improvement in demand and we offset significant input costs escalation that Tim will talk about.  This next chart here just shows you the segment and global portfolio balance. It's part of International Paper's business platform today. As you can see on the left, the good balance in terms of where the earnings came from by segment and on the right, good balance in terms of where the earnings came from by geography.  Turning to the financial snapshot page, strong revenue growth, revenues up 8%. EBITDA, over $900 million in the quarter, up 16% from the second quarter of last year, a run rate of $3.6 billion. Our free cash flow, amazingly, exactly equal to the first quarter but I would say that, that also has $40 million of additional capital spending in the second quarter. So our free cash flow is actually up around 10%, if you normalize for capital spending during the quarter.  Really, if you look at this next slide here, which is the EPS over the last, really, 10 years, you can see there's a step change in our EPS performance. That’s just the result of the transformation plan. The 2009 period you're looking at there is the global recession, that is now in the rearview mirror. But importantly, our earnings over the last 4 or 5 quarters are not from land sales as they were in the prior years. So they were really operating earnings from our businesses and as you can see, we've achieved here on the step change in terms of the capability of International Paper to generate earnings and free cash flow and we think there's more left on the runway as we go forward. In terms of return on capital, 8% return -- over an 8% return on capital over the last 4 quarters into the cost of capital zone, which is important in terms of one of our key metrics.  So with that, let me turn it over to Tim to summarize the quarter.
John Faraci: Okay. Thanks, Tim. Before I do that, let me just summarize the quarter quickly. I'd say we got the right assets in the right places. We're managing aggressively and we're executing well. The seasonal demand in North America arrived as expected. But as Tim said, the demand is not robust in North America. Outside North America, demand is good. Latin America, China, Russia, in places like Turkey, where we have a big presence in the corrugated packaging business, healthy demand. We've got some flow through on pricing during the quarter. Our input costs were not as we expected and OCC continues to move up as we look into the third quarter. And then Ilim delivered just a spectacular quarter. The Ilim accounted for 18% of our EPS during the quarter.  So let me move on to the third quarter outlook. That’s the Page 21 for those of you who following along. The U.S. economy is growing at 1% to 2%. And from a demand standpoint, it feels like a 1% to 2% GDP economy. Export demand in containerboard is good but domestically, whether it's paper, coated paperboard, containerboard or xpedx, it feels like 1% to 2% GDP growth. Demand is not up, it's not down. I'd characterize it as moving sideways. Outside North America, as I said, demand is solid year-over-year and we think that will continue. The biggest area of concern as we move into the third quarter is input costs. And while our outage costs are going to be down $65 million quarter-over-quarter, we could easily see that get chewed up, all of it gets chewed up by input costs and the biggest headwind we have on the input cost side is OCC. That could end up accounting for almost half of the input cost increases that we can see on the horizon. The quarter is not over yet, but we can see on the horizon as we look out to the third quarter.  So I will just stop right there and turn it back to Glenn, and we'll take your questions.
John Faraci: I think that's the ag business. We're having a great fruit and vegetable season in Southern Europe, in Morocco and Turkey. And we didn't have a great one in California, we may have a great one next year.
John Faraci: It's grade substitutions, Mark. It's extra freight as we move rolls around from one box plant to another, or ship from the mill we don't want to ship from.
John Faraci: Well, we had 2 very good months of cut-size shipments and I characterized, maybe it's noise around the edges. We're a big enough player in the market, we're going to see all parts of the market. It's down 2% to 3% year-over-year. Supply and demand are in balance, our inventories are in good shape. So we think -- and I think our earnings kind of supports just what I said, we're in pretty good shape.
John Faraci: Well, we've already started to see some of the benefits flow through on the footprint side. We'll wait until we get to year-end, Mark, because while it's a 3-year program, we'll have some meaningful progress to -- we're expecting some and we'll get some. And we'll probably summarize that at the end of the year, but we're not going to try to do it every quarter.
John Faraci: I'll just add to that, Mark, when you lose a customer, you’ve lost share. When a customer doesn't get some business, you haven't lost share. The customer doesn't have the business. And in the ag market, if the crop is half of what it was, and that was cherries, that doesn't mean we lost share. It means our customer base didn't have the business but in the ag business, they'll get it the next time around in the next season.
John Faraci: Sure. We got 2 projects going on, a $300-million project at Kotlas, which is the addition of paper machine. That project is on schedule, on budget. Scheduled to start up on the first part of next year. The other project is at Bratsk pulp mill. That's a very extensive project, $700 million. We expect that to start up in the latter half of 2012. We're a little behind on schedule and so far so good on the cost side. So we're well into construction on both of those. And the Bratsk project is probably the biggest project in the industry in 40 years in Russia, and we've got a really – it’s really a global team over there. I think there are 900 people on site now and that will peak out at probably a couple thousand, as we get into the heavy construction period next year.
John Faraci: No. Don't expect to see any meaningful benefit out of that until we get to the latter half of the year. Although on the paper machine, it should be starting up sooner than that, so we'll start to see some benefit from that.
John Faraci: Fluff pulp market continues to show pretty healthy growth and outside some of the emerging markets, 5% to 6% a year, year-on-year. We like that business. We announced we're converting or re-purposing the uncoated freesheet mill that we closed in Franklin, Virginia to fluff pulp, that’ll be coming online next year. And while not a core business to International Paper, it's a segment of our paper business because, because we produced Fluff at the mills where we produce uncoated freesheet that we find quite attractive, and we've got a good position in it, with a solid customer base.
John Faraci: I think, Pete, it's all over the map in our different businesses, whether it's -- Carol said, May was the low point for industrial packaging. But just look at any of the economic reports: housing is still weak, there's been somewhat of a slowdown in manufacturing in the durable goods side. The economy is, I think it's going sideways, not up, not down, from our perspective as we see it. There's going to be some seasonal pickup in some of the businesses but not all of them because we're in a lot of different segments, when you look at xpedx, Coated Paperboard, Industrial Packaging and Printing Papers. The Commercial Print side of xpedx is still a struggle.
John Faraci: Yes. We're seeing the logging conditions are excellent in the south. We've gone from too much water to not enough in a lot of places. So stumpage costs are down. But then you remember, diesel is almost $4 a gallon. So surcharges kick in when you get over somewhere between $2.30 to $2.50 a gallon. So a lot of that stumpage is getting eaten up by fuel surcharges and you still got this issue that's a big issue across the South, with housing at 600,000 starts, sawmills are curtailed and we're still having to go longer distances to get wood than we normally would in anything close to an average kind of housing environment, which is probably several years away.
John Faraci: There's no question that it's helping our customers, Mark, be more export-competitive. And it's kind of hard to – with us -- the big customer base even though we have a more focused portfolio, we've got a very diverse customer base. But on balance, when you look at the macro numbers, exports from the U.S. are up, which is I think, something good. They’re still a small part of the economy, so they're not going to overtake consumer spending as the economic driver. So a material and sudden strength in the U.S. dollar would probably hurt our customer base. But if it -- it was also reflected in a weaker currency in some of these emerging markets, we’d get some help and we were getting hammered in Brazil on currency as the real continues to get very strong as a result of a weak U.S. dollar. So there's some offsets there. And on balance, I think as we become a more global company, that's how we're going to look at currency, there'll be some pluses and minuses and that's how you have to think about it because you're always going to have some currencies moving against you. But in the U.S., I think a materially stronger dollar would impact our customers from the ripple effect of exports.
John Faraci: Thanks. As I said, I'd like to stop here for a moment and provide all of you with an update on our offer to acquire Temple-Inland. Then as I said, if we have time, we'll take a couple of questions.  And I'd say first is as we said from the start of this process, we're very committed to seeing this transaction through to completion. We believe the industrial logic of the combination is solid and I don't think there's any debate there. We haven't heard any from anybody. It makes a very good business at IP. They're our industrial packaging business, an excellent one, and it creates a powerful cash flow engine that will continue to drive free cash flow and ROI improvement in International Paper. It strengthens our portfolio and it's consistent with the objective of our transformation plan, which is focusing on solid cost of capital returns in all of our businesses throughout the cycle.  Importantly, it's meaningful, accretive to IP shareowners that synergies are realized and that is an acquisition requirement. As far as the price goes, we believe we have a very strong offer on the table, which deserves serious consideration. We believe our offer is highly compelling on a present-value basis and reflects the future outlet for Temple for both containerboard and for building products, and has a reasonable split of expected synergies. At $30.60 a share in all cash, it represents almost a 20% premium of Temple's all-time high, and a 46% premium to their prior day close, and it's also priced significantly above their 52-week high. As all of you know, we've attempted to engage Temple in negotiations. We told them that a negotiated process, with us having an opportunity to [indiscernible] due diligence would lead to the best value. We strongly prefer to negotiate this directly with Temple, but we are prepared to let Temple shareowners decide the compelling nature of our offer.  On the regulatory side, just one update that we posted yesterday. As expected, so we expected this, we received a second request from the Justice Department yesterday. We've been working with them for several weeks to help them understand the economic benefits of this transaction. And of course, we'll be continuing to cooperate with the Justice Department and their process and expect to be able to address any questions they have quite promptly.  So with that, I would be happy to take a couple of questions if we have some time on Temple, and if any of you have any.
John Faraci: Well, as I said, we'd like the next step to be a negotiation. We've made what we believe to be a serious offer, 20% above Temple's all-time highs since they became the new Temple several years ago. [indiscernible] having discussions, we've got to continue with the process. We're serious, we're committed, intend on seeing it through. And we had 2 conditions in our proposal, one was regulatory approval and the other was the withdrawal of Poison Pill and our next step is to go get regulatory approval.
John Faraci: I don't want to speculate, George, about how long it's going to take. It's going to take a while to get regulatory approval. That's not going to occur overnight. So I think we just take it one step at a time. We're committed to the process. We believe this is a good transaction for both Temple shareowners and for International Paper shareowners. It has to be, for it to work.
John Faraci: As I understand it, Chip, Temple will also get a request to supply some information and they'll have their discussions with the Justice Department and ultimately, they, as we will, will have to provide the information the Justice Department requests. And the timeline that they'll be on is one that they'll work out with the Justice Department, and the timeline we'll be on is one we'll work out with the Justice Department.
John Faraci: We won't make you wait until next quarter to ask that question, Steve. But was it reflected in the pro forma numbers for...
John Faraci: First of all, we don't give marching orders at International Paper. But we do agree on priorities and then we go out and execute, and that's not only Carol but all the other leaders in the company. And I'm not going to talk about pricing on this call because I can't and I shouldn't. We just don't talk about pricing in a forward-looking way.
John Faraci: Absolutely. I mean, the focus is on International Paper everywhere from Shanghai to Memphis to Brussels to São Paulo is run your business. I mean, the reason we can consider something like Temple is because of the cash flow we're generating, the balance sheet we put together and the business performance we put together. And I feel pretty pleased with how the organization is responding to that.
John Faraci: I'm just not going to comment on pricing, Mark, but I think we have talked -- what's important in any business, in any of our businesses around the world, as it relates to pricing. Inventories got to be in good shape, supply and demand needs to be in balance, operating rates need to be high and demand needs to be consistent with supply. And we're not in a cost-push business, where automatically when costs go up, prices go up. And wood side works too, when costs go down, automatically prices don't follow.
John Faraci: No, we don't, Mark. We're just getting the in-process started with DOJ and that time frame is going to be, absent any meaningful discussions with Temple, that time frame is going to be one of the gates.
John Faraci: Well, in terms of our business performance, Pete, I don't see any opportunity cost. We're focused on running International Paper as it is all across the company, as I said from Memphis to Shanghai to São Paulo, to Bratsk in Russia. In terms of time frame, I think there's an opportunity cost to Temple shareowners. We've made a serious offer that's 20% above their all-time high, and we think the right thing to do is to sit down with Temple and have a serious discussion. The world moves on and we're committed, we're serious, we're patient, we're disciplined. If things change at some point in time, and we think the right thing for International Paper is to do something else, we'll make that call. But we're serious and we're committed to this and we'll be disciplined.
John Faraci: Well, now that we've launched a tender offer, there are some things we have to comply with. And I guess I’d just leave it right there. We've got plenty of advisors, at least International Paper does. I presume Temple does. And there's always a way to have a discussion if we choose to have one. But I'm not going to get into what we have to do under any circumstance.
John Faraci: Sure, we can extend it a number of times. We've launched a tender process because we weren't having meaningful discussions, we're serious and we wanted to get the kind of the train rolling. So that's where we are but we can extend the tender offer and expect that we will do that.  Okay, operator, I think that wraps it up. So thank you very much for tuning in. We're pretty pleased with the quarter and look forward to talking to you on the next quarter.
Carol Roberts: Anthony, the only commodity that I think we get a chance to get back is going to be strawberries. Strawberries got pushed out. They're going to come but I think a lot of the other commodities, they were just poor harvest and they're gone. So I think we'll see some strawberries in the third quarter but outside of that, I view it as really most of it lost.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I would say, as we all know, after 6 very solid quarters of year-over-year growth, in the second quarter for the first time the industry saw a decline. And I would characterize our performance relative to that similarly. But when you look inside the quarter, Anthony, you had April was okay. May was the low point and then June bounced back to what I would categorize as mostly flat year-over-year. And it feels like July is trending in that same direction. Kind of moving sideways as I would call it.
Carol Roberts: I will only speak for our situation and I would call our inventories very, very tight in May and June. Obviously, when you lose that many tons out of Vicksburg that we intended to use, we got way below where we needed to be. So behind the scenes, there was a tremendous amount of juggling extra freight, moving things around. We've made a few box customers nervous. So one of our challenges, Mark, is we've gotten so good with juggling that it gets pretty low and pretty tight and the market doesn't necessarily see it. So I would categorize inventories as on the low side. And for us, we've got to replenish those inventories in the July-August time frame to get back to a reasonable level.
Carol Roberts: The trades kind of get locked in. It's really hard to move them in a meaningful way. So certainly, we attempted to get more but I wouldn't say we were able to -- it didn't mean -- it wasn't a meaningful shift in our order patterns with our trade partners in the second quarter.
Carol Roberts: Mark, we have a disproportionate share. We have a higher supply position in ag than the average. So we're more predisposed to that. What I would say about our approach to the box business in general, our objective is to maximize profitability and to make the most money we can. And we are continuing to make choices around where we sell and what we sell and the decisions we make commercially. So I think you see a combination of all of those things.
Carol Roberts: Well, if you think about the industry, 7% to 8% of the total industry is ag. Granted, that's not all California. And you know, we are -- 10% of our total business is ag. So that doesn't sound like a lot but if you'd look at the percentage, 7% to 10%, that's a much higher degree of concentration. And obviously, with Weyerhaeuser our ag position became a much more important part of our business.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Pete, that's one of the advantages I think we have is the fact that the current operating rates that we're running and how we're running our system, we do have some flexibility to move a little bit. Even -- take a mill like the Valliant, when we shut that third machine down, we have more back-end than we have paper machine. Therefore, we can push our virgin limits to our advantage and back off OCC and vice versa. So we fell like we're in pretty good shape. Our mill inventories on OCC are in good shape. Our wood inventories are in good shape, and we'll do everything we can to optimize that for the best benefit.
Carol Roberts: Yes. Our colleagues in Europe had some loss of some volume and, of course, we supply them their craft liners. So I mean, that was definitely a bit of a hit but they still ended up having a pretty good quarter over there.
Carol Roberts: We do know that test liner prices have dropped a little bit, Mark. So that report, I think, is accurate. But my outlook on craft liner is it's been fairly stable still. So they're kind of moving a little bit in opposite directions but there was some price reduction on the test liners side.
Thomas Kadien: Hi, Gail, it's Tom Kadien. In the second quarter, we saw some improvement and I'll say consistently profitable operating results. We also took down a facility that clipped us for a couple million dollars, and that was really the final step in our integration plan from the acquisition. So our volumes are up about 7%. But the real story that we've been working on is getting our margins up. The business we inherited in the acquisition was much below our expectations and we've gotten prices up well into the mid-teens from when we closed on it. So we'll start to see cleaner numbers in the third quarter and it’ll be profitable.
Thomas Kadien: Yes, we're still waiting on government approvals. It's slow but it shouldn't be a surprise because as John said, that's India. We have our management team on the ground as of August 1, and we're looking to close early in the fourth quarter.
Thomas Kadien: Chip, it's Tom Kadien. I'd characterize them as seasonal. This is the slow time of the year as we look at our system. We didn't build any inventory throughout the second quarter, and we're expecting a seasonal pickup here shortly. So it has come down from 4 weeks to 3 weeks. But that's about where we were this time last year.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, it was in our consumer packaging business. It was Shorewood. We just looked at performance against planned. And as we looked at it, we realized the business was underperforming, so we took the charge in North America. It's primarily the North American business, not the international locations that we have.
Timothy Nicholls: No. I think our -- the forecast that we gave at the beginning of the year continues to be the range that we think we'll be in.
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think it's going to be a big drag on cash flow. We were up in the first quarter. We unwound the AR securitization program that we had in Europe, which had an impact on that. But if you look at our operating working capital percentage of sales, we're running around 14% or just north of 14%. It's some of the best performance that we've really ever seen across all the businesses in terms of really being focused on working capital, inventories, receivables and payables.
Timothy Nicholls: $450 million. We put in $650 million to start with. We've taken out about $200 million in dividends. [Indiscernible] Ilim, Chip, is something that is probably unappreciated by many of our investors in terms of its earnings potential to International Paper. I mean, they're going to be -- it's the pulp business but it's also when we finish with Kotlas, we're going to have a much bigger domestic presence similar to what we have in Svetogorsk with our paper business. So we're pretty positive on the outlook. Remember to recognize, it is a pulp business, so it's going to have a cycle to it. We're just coming off the -- probably what was a -- may not be the high point of the cycle but a high point. But even underlying that, demand for pulp in China is going to be -- continue to be robust going forward. We're going to have the lowest cost soft wood pulp mill on the planet delivered to China at Bratsk.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, you're going to have some currency moving around, you're going to have probably a heavier maintenance outage schedule. So yes, it's not going to look drastically different but there'll be some puts and takes.
Timothy Nicholls: We had a charge. Think about it this way, Steve, we had a charge of $20 million from all the lost production and the other things we had to do to move volume around, that hit us in the second quarter. We moved a couple of outages because of these complications out to later in the year. And so we won't have the Vicksburg impact as we go through the rest of the year, but we will have more outages that were moved from second quarter to third and fourth.
