Carol L. Roberts: Thanks, Mary. Appreciate it. So one final update before I move on to the outlook, and then John provides the wrap up. I wanted to comment on our progress at the Ilim joint venture, specifically our Bratsk and Koryazhma mills, and those projects continue on schedule. As you can see from these pictures on Slide 24, we essentially have passed the halfway mark and remain on plan for startup in late 2012.  And just to remind you of the scope of those projects, in the Bratsk project, we'll bring on 500,000 tons of bleached soft wood pulp, leveraging our low cost export position to China. And our new paper machine in Koryazhma will add 155,000 tons of uncoated free sheet, which will support our domestic market growth in Russia. So very exciting and on track and on plan.  So let me take us to Slide 35 and move in to the summary of the fourth quarter and then to the outlook. As we said, we had a solid fourth quarter despite the seasonally weaker demand environment in North America that we normally experience in this timeframe. All things considered, we continue to feel more positive about the demand trend in North America, about our ability to expand margins globally and to grow our business in the emerging markets that we've invested in.  So let me take you through a detailed look of our first quarter outlook on Slide 36. Looking ahead, the first quarter is always a seasonally slower period. With that said, we do expect modest increases in volume in North America versus the fourth quarter, primarily in Packaging -- that's primarily due to 4 more box shipping days. But we do expect an increase in exports in our paper business.  Through January, good news is that U.S. box demand held up to what I would consider quite nicely. Although we are working with a fairly weak year-over-year comp, our box demand is up nearly 4% versus January of last year.  Moving on to pricing. The continued pass-through of previously negotiated export price reductions really in packaging, containerboard and in paper and pulp will materially impact realizations in the first quarter.  And additionally in Brazil, seasonally weaker domestic demand -- that will result in us shipping a greater percentage of lower-priced paper exports, which will be a drag on earnings. As to inputs, we see slightly higher costs in North America, primarily wood, energy and chemical, which will largely offset the benefit of some lower outage expense. And it's fairly new news today, but OCC just came out today, and it's up anywhere from $10 to $15 for February.  Xpedx earnings will decrease as the quarter is just seasonally a slower shipping period for the distribution business. On a positive note contribution from our Ilim joint venture will improve and that's really based largely on the absence of the negative currency impact that we experienced in the fourth quarter. I would point out that our run rate earnings coming out of this currency issue will reflect about the half of the peak level that will be saw earlier in 2011, which is a result of the full impact of the pulp price erosion for the period.  And lastly, I'd like to point out that manufacturing operations and all other costs associated with the businesses will be impacted in the quarter versus the fourth quarter. Essentially, there's 4 major buckets, each worth between $10 million to $25 million of incremental expense in the quarter, and let me take you through those.  First we do expect one-time cost in the first quarter associated with the pending startups later this year at both Franklin and our Sun joint venture. The second, we talked about it, but there are seasonally higher costs related to the consumption of energy, fuel, primarily due to the colder weather, that will create some headwind for our manufacturing operations.  Third, one-time annual true-ups that we experienced in the fourth quarter, largely related to company-paid benefits. We do not expect that to repeat in the first quarter.  And finally, the company's favorable experience related to last year's inventory reevaluations will not occur -- will not reoccur in the first quarter, impacting first quarter earnings.  So at this point, what I would like to do is turn the call back to you, John.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, the tax rate simply just geographic mix post Temple and then we're just going to have more of a U.S-based business-based relative to the Corporate. And I know Glenn can take you guys through more detail, but that's simply pension expense is going to be high. The biggest driver is pension expense is going to be higher. And of course, the net interest expense is all around our Temple-Inland work. But Glenn can take you through any other details you might need on that.
Carol L. Roberts: The other observation, Phil, is if you take it over a longer period of time, they start to look closer. And the Containerboard business is just a much shorter-cycle business. So you see the changes in the supply chain. It reacts much faster because you can't store corrugated. And in the Coated Paperboard business as any of these markets, the cycle time and the supply chain is just longer.
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. As I stated, there's kind of buckets of those, and some of those buckets were in the $10 million to $25 million of expense range. So that kind of gives you a range. And what I'd do I'd say that we could follow up just with Glenn to see if there's any more detail in that. But I think that kind of gives you the directionality of those in the magnitude that you need.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, this is Carol. We also filed our amended return for the summer, and we booked a reserve against that. So the ball is kind of in the IRS court, and we're waiting on their determination. So in the meantime, we just wait and see, and I think that was -- we've disclosed that. I think it was in the $660 million range.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, Chip, this is Carol. I think what you're seeing is you're seeing that depreciation is coming off from warehouse or where that's coming down. Depreciation coming down from there. You'll also see the result of the capital spending, and we've been spending less in the last few years. So I think it works itself out over time. But I don't think there's anything more extraordinary or dramatic from that, than that.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Al. And just to clarify that, what we keep at corporate is the investment performance, and the service cost, which is much more of a flatter number, stays out of the business. And I think if you look in the appendix, I think on Page 43, there is some data or, 44, and I think the majority of the increase in the corporate item is in that pension expense, which is investment performance related.
Carol L. Roberts: All that stuff is in the appendix. So there's even some more detail. And if you have any questions, of course, you can follow up with us.
Carol L. Roberts: It's probably in -- I don't have that exact number -- this is Carol. But it's probably in the $40 million range.
Carol L. Roberts: We basically paid the taxes on the gain we got when we had the black liquor credit and therefore, we've kind of believed in the beginning that it was not taxable. But we did indeed paid the tax on it. And so now we're coming back and saying we're amending the tax return. Gee, that shouldn't have been taxed. And so how that comes back to us in the form of either refund or deferred -- another tax credit in other way, it will come back to us over time.
Carol L. Roberts: I don't think you've captured that correctly, Mark. Sorry. They're all negative. They're all going in the opposite direction, in the negative direction. More costs for the startups, higher costs for the consumption of energy and fuel, and there were some positive in '11 that do not repeat in '12.
John V. Faraci: Good, Carol, thanks. Carol just covered the outlook. So let me talk more about just extending the outlook beyond the first quarter and the full year.  Looking at the U.S. economy, I think recovering but far for from fully recovered. The economic growth, we've got some growth, but it's still a lot slower than we'd all like to see. So we see modest demand growth in IP business segments, mostly continuing to be driven by the growth in emerging markets. None of us have a great crystal ball in input costs, but as far as we can see -- with what we can see, I'd say our view on input costs is more or less stable. There's certainly is moderate inflation in the U.S. economy.  Inventories are in good shape. We're going to get the realization of high-return cost reduction projects, most of that in the second half of the year, and I'll talk about those in a minute. The major earnings runway drivers that kind of ramp up in the second half of the year, the most significant one being Temple-related synergies. We are going to have some higher pension costs during the year and interest in tax expenses, which are covered in the appendix.  So let me go and just talk about capital for a minute. We discussed -- if you look at this chart, it shows our capital spending over the last 7 or 8 years and then the 2008 to '12 average, which is how we think about capital over a cycle. We're going to spend more money in 2012. The $1.3 billion before Temple, probably close to $1.5 billion with Temple, fairly close to depreciation, whether it be big capital spending year. The 2008 to '12, capital spending -- cycle spending will be below depreciation -- well below depreciation, as we said, about 75% over that period.  So we've got an impressive backlog of high-return projects, and we're going to begin to fund those. We'll start funding in 2011 aggressively, we're going to continue to fund those aggressively in 2012. And if you go to the next slide, what you see are these projects, and they really fall into 4 categories, the biggest one being energy consumption. No matter where we are, whether it's Russia, Brazil or the U.S., reducing energy consumption are really high payback return projects. As you can see, we're going to spend close to $190 million this year on cost reduction projects.  Turning to Slide 42, the major earnings run rate drivers we see as we look out not only in 2012 but beyond are, first, the Temple acquisition. As Carol said, we're very confident about the $300 million of synergies, more confident now that we've been in the Temple facilities. That's going to start to impact us right away after closing, which we think is not too far away. The Franklin soft pulp conversion is also going to start to impact the company positively in the second half of the year and in 2013. You heard Mary talk about the xpedx transformation, which is starting to produce results, and those will accelerate as we get to the back half of 2012.  The capital projects that are coming on in the markets where we need capacity, Russia and China, are going to be coming on stream at the end of the year and really start to impact International Paper in a positive way as we move into 2013. And finally, the APPM acquisition, which we'll talk to you more about probably at the end of the first quarter on our Investor Day, we think is a terrific opportunity for International Paper to build a platform that will give us earnings, sales and expansion over the next 5 years.  So summing up our priorities, as we think about International Paper, before we kind of take your questions, remain very consistent. We're going to continue to grow strong, sustainable free cash flow, be very disciplined in how we spend money to do that. Our objectives are to extend our margins and earnings in all of our businesses, achieving cycle average of returns above the cost of capital, maintain a strong balance sheet and continue to use that free cash flow in a balanced way to fund good cost reduction projects, delivering on our strategic initiatives, paying down the debt associated with Temple to maintain a strong balance sheet. And finally, but importantly, increasing the dividend over time as sustainable free cash flow permits.  So with that, I think I will turn it back over to all of you to ask your questions.
John V. Faraci: George, so most of that was export related and I'll let Mark Sutton, who's here, who runs the Industrial Packaging business now just comment on what we see in the marketplace today.
John V. Faraci: Tom, you want to comment on that? Tom Kadien runs our Consumer Packaging business, which includes coated paperboard.
John V. Faraci: We export about 20% of what we make in Coated Paperboard, and we're very targeted and selective about putting that volume to customers that need an SDS product. So while, yes, there is capacity being added around the world, we think we got the right customer base in the export markets to support that kind of position going forward.
John V. Faraci: Yes what that is, Mark, is you've got board prices fell, and with the customer base we've had, we've gotten some margin expansion because prices haven't.
John V. Faraci: Well, we've got a great corrugated business in Southern Europe, North Africa and Turkey. It's focused on fruit and vegetables. It's not insulated from what's going on in Spain and Italy. We have an industrial business there. It's not integrated in the sense that we buy all our containerboard. A lot of the virgin linerboard that we need for fruit and vegetables comes from International Paper, so to that degree, think of it as an extension of our integration here in North America. There is some consolidation, as you pointed out, but I think is -- we'll see how that plays out. Our business over there is a $1 billion business. And we like it; we'd like to grow it if the right opportunity arises. But we're not focused on growing our business in Western Europe, either in packaging or in paper. Our tilt is more to the east, in Russia.
John V. Faraci: Well, let me just comment on margins, and then Tom or Carol can talk about how we're funding it. I mean, the China business model is different than for just about every business we're in different in the rest of the world. The margins are lower because it's the most competitive market we're in anywhere, but the capital turnover is a lot higher. we're building capacity over there for, in some cases, less than 50% of what it would cost in Brazil or Europe or North America. We've got a great example of that. We built a paper machine in Brazil, the same time we built a coated board machine in China, and we saw the difference in the capital cost. And that's what that means is you can make good returns with lower margins. And fortunately that's the case because China is just so competitive. These markets are big and growing that margins are lower.
John V. Faraci: The margins are better, I think, in the Bleached Board business, with 4%, maybe an aggregate. Therefore, I don't see anything changing in China to make China less competitive than it is. Every time I go there, I see more competitors.
John V. Faraci: That's our new capital, so you'll be looking at capital turnover probably 0.8 here in North America. From a funding standpoint, we own 55% of that joint venture, so our partner contributed real estate and infrastructure, and we contributed cash. And we're generating cash in that business up until a point in time we had to put some -- and put the capital out to fund the project, which is roughly..
John V. Faraci: Phil, let me just add to that. If you think about our channel access, our market access, we've got a big position in export markets. That's a 4 million-ton market. It's growing faster than North American box consumption. And that's where we're targeting our virgin linerboard. And we're more than willing to take temporary downtime because we think the U.S. market is growing over time. We are going to get back -- box demand will get back to pre-recession levels. And as Mark said, with the flexible system we have, more flexible system now, the cost of taking temporary downtime as opposed to kind of long-term downtime -- or structural downtime, is a cost that is quite low. So I think we're well advantaged to having this multiple market strategy to be able to manage through times when there's a bit of excess capacity.
John V. Faraci: We've been asking ourselves that question, and we frankly we don't have a real good answer. In some inventory destocking, we think, in the bleached board business, but yet, there's no question. If you look at corrugated shipments, you look at bleached board shipments, you'd say the 2 in the fourth quarter didn't really move in the same direction. As Tom said, we're feeling more optimistic about the paperboard backlogs and shipments as we go into 2012.
John V. Faraci: It's been pretty good shape to see the steady downdraft of natural gas hit the bottom line because, for all intents and purposes, we're just about 100% spot now. But we're hedging in the past, and we've let those hedges run off, Gail.
John V. Faraci: Yes. We still think that China is going to grow at 5-plus percent in terms of box consumption, and it's a 40 million ton market. So those are big numbers, even though it's not the kind of numbers we're looking at maybe 2 years ago.
John V. Faraci: And Chip, we'll have to go through kind of the whole asset allocation issue with Temple, which probably is going to result in step up of assets, which will lead to higher depreciation again. But if you think about our capital spending, our target had been 75% depreciation over the last cycle and we're not going to be over depreciation in this coming cycle. But we'll share a bit more of that with you when we get to Investor Day.
John V. Faraci: Well, in '12, we got these projects we're talking about, the Franklin project, we've got the Sun project, that are expansion projects. Plus we have $200 million of cost production projects, which don't have any volume associated with them. You'll have to see how the Boiler MACT regulations get played out, but that's the wave of capital that is going to hit the industry that we haven't had in the last 5 or 6 years. And we'll quantify that for you and share with you on Investor Day. At that point in time, we'll know more.
John V. Faraci: I feel good about them. But I let Mark Sutton talk how he sees from his perspectives since he's running the business.
John V. Faraci: One of the things is it's structural. It won't last forever, but as unemployment comes down, one of the biggest drivers of cut-size consumption, which is the biggest segment of uncoated free sheet is white-collar employment. And that's still then strictly high. And if that comes down, you would expect to see some offset to the structural decline in uncoated free sheet be offset a bit.
John V. Faraci: Well, I'd say that there's no company that's got the opportunities that International Paper has. If you think about opportunities to improve the cost structure with the Temple integration, there's $300 million there that we can see just in integration opportunities. And then as we deal with the warehouses, the whole re-optimization platform that's significantly different fast-forward in 2013 than the one we have today. So I think International Paper, because we made these opportunities for ourselves, it's got far more leverage to pull than anybody has in the world to kind of manage our own cost structure and improve it. And whether that's in Ilim, with the Bratsk project, the Temple integration, we've got a big energy project going on in Brazil that's going to make Mogi Guaçu totally non-dependent on fossil fuel. It would be all wood fiber or biomass. Those types of things we've got going on all around the world. We're just about to start up a new turbine project in Svetogorsk, which is going to significantly reduce our energy costs. So we're pulling those levers everywhere, and we got more from the pull than anybody else does.
John V. Faraci: I'm thinking about both of those synergies are, Mark, they're related to eliminating duplication, combining 2 companies that have a lot of duplication. And the other part are, we said that having fewer box plants at the end of the day. So that's what we see as the main portion of the synergies. And based on what we've seen in Temple, because we put together an estimate, without having visited any facilities. Now we've been to all the mills. We feel very good about that $300 million number.  Okay. Well, listen. That wraps it up, and let me just summarize. I think International Paper finished a very good year. In fact, last year, we had almost 2 decades on a strong note. We're in a seasonally slow time of the year. But we're very positive about the prospects for International Paper to flow through 2012. Having said that, we're looking forward to talking to you about the Temple integration on our next conference call. So thank you.
Mark Stephan Sutton: It was all export. In the fourth quarter, we lost about $28 a ton in export, and we've seen that continues a little bit more into January. But we believe it's pretty much hitting a bottom and firming up. There are even a couple of cases with some export markets, where we've actually -- we see price increases as we go through January. So I think we hopefully are seeing the bottom of that.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Probably too simplistic. We're still -- we're still working through our customer activity in South America, but the one area we have seen firming in somewhat of a reversal is more in our Mediterranean basin region.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, this is Mark Sutton. On the market downtime, as you know, we run to our customer base, the needs of our customer base, and we took what we took in the fourth quarter simply to match what our customer demands were. And really, we tend to take it based on our flexible system, so we take the downtime in the most cost-effective way, as one of the benefits of having a system as flexible as ours. So we took some of that downtime in some of the recycled mills. And we are running stronger in the beginning of this year so far.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So Phil, this is Mark. I think the way we think about it is this system is pretty large at International Paper, and last year as you quoted, it was 380,000 tons. When you look at the flexibility of our system and the size of it and the constant work we do to select customers across the globe, especially for the kraft linerboard, we view that as something we can do at an ongoing way. And demand as you said in North America would take a big hit out of that. But we already tried to optimize how we take the downtime, and actually, we've gotten pretty good at it in terms of doing it in the most cost-effective way.
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark. That's definitely a part of it, and we expected to see that because what happened in the drop off really was a lack of Chinese demand. So we are seeing that pickup and seeing the expected rise in OCC cost.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I think I would agree with John's comment. The inventory levels are in the normal range, both measured and absolute, in the number of weeks. What rise we've seen has been pretty clearly discussed as bills for outages and specific needs. So I think we feel pretty good about the overall level. Our inventories were flat in the fourth quarter. And as Carol mentioned, we do have some maintenance outages in the first 2 quarters, obviously, and we will have some bill to deal with that. And we're expecting, based on the way the weather has played out, a stronger agricultural fees, and so we want to be prepared for that to be successful there even though we have some maintenance outages.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we saw the industry backlogs here in North America start to fall in October, and I would say they kind of bounced along the bottom in October and November. But we've actually seen some improvements in backlog since then, and I'd say for the last 3 weeks we felt very good about the demand. So I think from a North American perspective, the demand, I'll say, softness is behind us and we feel much better about the first quarter. I guess, from a structural standpoint, I think I don't think we have a structural issue. I think we just had an inventory correction and some slowdown in the segments that we participate in, but it seems like we're headed in the right direction this year.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Mark, this is Tom Kadien. What we see is coated paperboard prices in China do tend to follow pulp because there's a fair amount of nonintegrated capacity over there. Margins came under pressure in the second half of last year for that reason, as well as a lot of extra capacity coming online. So I would say, we're kind of -- we're probably a little bit past the bottom on the margin side at the Sun JV. And for the full year, we had a very good year, a double-digit ROI on the investment. And to John's point about the capital turns, they're over 3 on the JV. So the margins don't tell the whole story.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, we saw box demand slow down in the second half of the year, kind of mirroring everything you read about economic activity over there. On the other -- and what we didn't see, what we normally see is a bit of a buildup before Chinese New Year in inventories, and folks did not do that over in China. Now we're out of Chinese New Year now, and I think we expected it will start to pick back up again. But it was slower in the second half, more like a plus 5% then plus 10% in the box market that we have been experiencing.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: It's Tom Kadien. Relative to the returns, our business at the Sun JV really plays in the higher-end, higher-priced, more technical grades, around food and beverage and antiseptic. And I think where we're at, where we've positioned ourselves purposely because of the excess capacity, is to move as much of our mix up there where others typically don't play. So 60% of our mix at the JV is up at the higher end. And mostly, I'll say insulated from a lot of that capacity that's coming in folding boxboard. Now that said, there's still kind of a second effect, the pressure. So we saw some of that in the second half of last year, but I think long term, we still look at the investment on PM26 as being a double-digit kind of return, and we have to work through some of this excess capacity in coated board. But the market is still growing 8% to 10% over there, and that will chew up a bunch of that pretty quickly. Relative to the impact on the U.S., I think it's relatively minor. We see some of it coming in, and I'll say in sheet form for commercial printing applications but not a lot of tons, and it shouldn't impact our business much here in the U.S. at all. I'm talking about the excess in China capacity.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Anthony, it's Tim. Most of the third-party forecasts that I've seen for this year are showing about a 3% decline forecasted. We'll have to see what impact the election and some of the other 2012 events, how they impact the market. But we're not seeing anything dramatically different for 2012 than we saw in 2011.
