Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. We're very pleased with the performance in the first quarter and the momentum that we carry in 2018, which is underpinned by healthy demand and solid fundamentals globally. As Glenn mentioned earlier, we continue to see profitable revenue growth across our three businesses. We also have meaningful catalysts that will further improve our performance including the startup of the Madrid mill later this quarter, which will produce 400,000 metric tons of high performance lightweight recycled containerboard for our European packaging business. We also have more runway as we optimize our Global Cellulose Fibers business, which is already well ahead of our investment commitment, and in our papers business, we're seeing improved demand globally. Looking forward, we have clear line of sight to 10-plus-percent EBITDA growth and strong cash generation in 2018, with an improving trend of performance throughout the year. Before we open the call for questions, I recognize there's a high level of interest in our proposal to acquire Smurfit Kappa. At this point, there is no new information to share. We have a compelling proposal on the table and we're disappointed we haven't been able to engage with Smurfit Kappa. Relative to the Q&A session of this call, I'd like the focus on the quarter and the strong year we have ahead of us. With that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Mark S. Sutton: Chris, this is Mark. Thanks for the question. I'll just make an overall statement about the pricing movement across the business as you mentioned. As we've said I think on the last call, we expect and we're seeing what we would say as a normal realization pattern both in the Industrial Packaging business and in the Cellulose Fibers business. But with some particulars, I'll ask Glenn to try to cover a couple of the particulars that you asked.
Mark S. Sutton: And Chris, just a reminder on what I said about normal realization in that box price example that Glenn just referenced. It's normal for us across segments and the mix of customers that we have to see two to three quarters of our implementation until we get to full realization. And we expect that to be what plays out in this particular increase.
Mark S. Sutton: So, I appreciate the question, and as I mentioned at the start of the Q&A, there really isn't anything new to report on that. There's a process that we're in right now and we will continue to look at our options, but I'm not really at liberty to say what the next process or as you said decision tree is. Fundamentally though, if you look at the performance of the company, we're running the company very, very well and that's where our focus is right now.
Mark S. Sutton: Hi, Mark. This is Mark Sutton. So, what Glenn outlined by business, I would encourage you to follow up with Guillermo and Michelle because they can walk you through all of that detail, but the number for Industrial Packaging, Glenn decided was $25 million due to recent price increases. There's also a number for Cellulose Fibers and for paper, but the IR team will be happy to go through that with you in detail.
Mark S. Sutton: Yeah. So, Mark what we said on the 10% EBITDA plus outlook 90 days ago was that it included flow through from previously announced 2017 pricing actions and our outlook on input cost and other elements at that point in time. Fast forward to now, we just discussed that there was a number of new price increases that are out there. There's also movement in some of the inputs. So, that's why there's a plus sign there, and you're right, those latest price increases that have been announced for 2018 were not considered in that original outlook.
Mark S. Sutton: I would say overall some of these products were qualified and we are the primary suppliers of the idea that we will have catch-up ability is definitely in our commitment to our customers. There's strong demand for the fluff and specialty segment of the product mix and also good demand for the special market pop like, what we make in Canada. So, good operations will allow us to get more of that product out to market, so we expect strong demand and some of that we'll be able to catch-up, there's no doubt.
Mark S. Sutton: I think seasonally there're some changes in box demand. I guess, it depends on an individual customers' mix. I can only speak for IP, we see continued strong fundamentals and it's broad based across many segments. And recently, we've seen box demand, the traditional offset we've seen with GDP that gap has closed and we see for the foreseeable future that that's going to be a sustainable trend. So, it's pretty strong across the segments, wherein Glenn had shared a chart in the presentation around some of the segments and where we're underweight and overweight. If you dig into the sub-segments there and the customers that participate there, you can see what drove our slide over performance to the market. And so far this quarter, box demand remains very healthy and strong.
Mark S. Sutton: And Gail, I would just add to Glenn's answer, on the long term planning, we never live in the moment of current demand, we look at a number of different things, so that we can plan appropriately our capability and the box plans, our capacity for container board, and so that long term planning still has a very rigorous look, and it almost always is a lower number than the moment that we're in unless the moment we're in is really low, so we don't, we don't confuse in the near term, we're happy to have the near term where we have it, but our long term and our investment plan is based on a much more sober look at the overall market, and but right now, we're lucky to be able to have the capability and the footprint to serve the demand while it's there.
Mark S. Sutton: Steve, what we did I think when we announced a project, we talked about it being online, which would obviously mean the conversion would take the uncoated free sheet somewhere in the middle to second half of 2019, and right now, that's still our current thinking.
Mark S. Sutton: Adam, I'll just add – just a high level statement around what you would have to believe to arrive at the view Glenn just described. If you believe in global growth of fiber based packaging, then you understand that OCC is going to become more and more valuable. If you look at where a lot of the growth is occurring and the source of OCC of course is a box that starts with virgin tree fiber. So, we believe in global growth, and fiber based packaging enhance the value that OCC is going to play long-term in that value chain is going to be pretty important. That should lead to a commodity that's worth a lot more. But there's always going to be dislocations like what's happening in China, but cleaning it up is the right thing to do. But it's going to cost money to do it, but it's still the best solution for that type of packaging.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Mark, on a profit pool comment, what we look at and it's part of this framework we described around building attractive positions, building competitive positions and starting attractive markets. One of the attractiveness criteria of the market is that, there's profit to be made and that you can actually see that flow back through the value chain, so that the producer in our case of packaging has a chance to capture some of that profit. There are other markets that have high growth rates, so that's an attractiveness criteria, but based on structure and where they are in the world, there's not much money to be made, and I think if you look at International Paper, you might conclude that our on the ground operations in Asia didn't meet our test for being able to capture a profit pool even though the market has some of the highest growth rates in the world. Instead what we did is we shifted our manufacturing focus and made products that they need in that market and produced them where they should be produced, and hence, we captured the profit pool. For our packaging, when we look at the world, there is more value appreciated by customers, and hence, more ability to create a compelling value proposition and capture profit in the Americas and in Europe. So, that's how we think about that – that is one of several attractiveness criteria.
Mark S. Sutton: So, I think at a high level, it's more than just making customers happy, it's really integrating what we do operationally with what we do commercially. We talk a lot about some of the programs we use to run a good operation in supply chain, in manufacturing; lean manufacturing tools, processes that evaluate data and do predictive analytics on our factories. There's a whole world of similar initiatives around helping customers find solutions to their issues and it might be that our package helps the throughput in a certain customers filling plant, things we've been working on significantly, but when you think about International Paper's journey over the last several years, building the company we have today, a lot of our focus is rightfully been on successfully bringing new people into the company, integrating acquisitions, building a really competitive set of offerings, and focusing on getting our best possible position from a cost and product quality standpoint, and blending the human side of all of that. We've done a very good job of that. And I think it shows in our results with our returns, with our cash flow, with our dividend capability; and we want to re-energize our efforts now on taking the company we build and taking the next step in integrating commercial excellence and operational excellence. So, the targets in there are really reflective in our normal financial targets. We want to produce best-in-class margins and in some cases we already do. We want to increase our distance in our lead. It's also about profitably finding ways to grow the company. We're not a high growth company, but we should not shy away from the ability to grow our company; hence, why we talk about profitable revenue growth. So, if you've got returns like International Paper has, well above our cost of capital and you can profitably grow, you're going to create higher intrinsic value and that should be exciting for investors.
Mark S. Sutton: Thanks for the question. Ilim is a fantastic business, it's one of the best examples we have of our competitive position of serving a really attractive market. A lot of Ilim's products end up going to Asia. There is optimization underway right now in Ilim across the business that gets exported out of the country and across the businesses that served the Russian market. And as Ilim has already in the past disclosed there's opportunity for growing that business through further investment, and that plan is underway in various stages. But business has a tremendous amount of potential, it's performing very, very well. We've got great people in that business and great assets and we have very attractive markets especially the adjacent market in Asia.
Mark S. Sutton: And Guillermo is going to turn it back over to me. Thanks, operator. Thank you for all being on the call and for your interest in International Paper. As I said earlier in my remarks, we have a lot of momentum coming out of the first quarter, and it's driven by solid fundamentals and significant success with our customers and really all of our businesses. We look forward to delivering a very strong year of performance in 2018. We also look forward to talking to you again next quarter. Thank you.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah, Chris. Hi, Glenn here. The way I would think about that is basically what we shared back in January was 10% plus EBITDA growth. And what we share there relative to pricing and volume was primarily the carryover of price increases that were implemented in 2017. You're absolutely correct, and as Mark said, we have had further announcements and we are implementing current prices. What we see there is those increases change our view, make it more confident in the 10% plus and we will see them roll out as scheduled through the remainder of the year as upside to our views. For example, the March 1 containerboard increase on boxes is a tailwind to the previous stated 10% plus or...
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. Chip, absolutely. So, subsequent to Graphic making their earnings release, we saw a number of $12 million. We got an estimate, a pre-estimate of that of $8 million and we had corporate accounting changes or corporate accounting adjustments that took $6 million off of that. So, the net-net is essentially $3 million that showed up, we'll true up the difference in further quarters. But that's essentially how we get to the math. You're right, the large percent of the $95 million is Ilim.
Glenn R. Landau: We made our internal adjustment from the estimate given which was $8 million to get to the $3 million answer. Ultimately, we will true up in the future from a purchase accounting standpoint.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. When you look at the bridge, ultimately the large portion of that is the revenue uptick across the businesses. So, yeah, directionally you're in the ballpark.
Glenn R. Landau: No, they absolutely did, Mark. So, our quarter-over-quarter look into the second quarter was holistic to include all our recent increases.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. Good question. Two points there, this is Glenn, relative to Cellulose Fibers. One on the first question is, is we're implementing price increases and I think I heard earlier there have been a lot of incremental price increases, we're realizing those as we expect to realize them, and yes depending on which channel to market, they have varying degrees of lag. So, a lot of this is still back end loaded in this year to the extent it was already announced and is being implemented. From a standpoint of your next question relative to...
Glenn R. Landau: So, the point there is at Grand Prairie as I said we had flow backs associated with supply chain interruptions. We lost volume there and we call that out in the summary section there. We are recovering from that, but that was a headwind and did cause us some loss volume in the first quarter.
Glenn R. Landau: Sure, Gail. This is Glenn. Overall, as I indicated in the core presentation, our businesses in North America, but across the globe are sold out. We're not – we're running with any lack of order downtime and we're hand-to-mouth so to speak to meet our customer needs and that's been exacerbated by some of the upset conditions, weather related and otherwise, in the first quarter. And some of the supply chain constraints, like we talked about at Grand Prairie. So, again, we're – our supply chain is working incredibly hard to put what we need and what customers need in inventory to support their growth. But we're tight.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. We are seeing, I guess, from public information that trends right now look closer to GDP and that's a great outcome if that's sustainable. Clearly, some of the secular movements whether it's fresh food and e-commerce has closed that gap in the medium term to the extent you believe the runway on those secular trends that could be more than norm, but we're just going to have to see that play out.
Glenn R. Landau: Thanks, George. This is Glenn, and those are both good questions. Relative to North America papers, we feel great about where we are, probably we feel as good as we have in the last decade in terms of the dynamic, again we acknowledge we're in secular decline and we don't think that rate of decline has changed materially. But what we do see is our good industry fundamentals. We are shipping less exports to meet U.S. demand, and quite frankly, there are less imports coming in. So, those are good signs. We have price traction. We do have headwinds, supply chain is a headwind, but that's something – somewhat in our control that we're going to manage and optimize. So, again, does this make us rethink of the business? No, I think this is a reinforcement that this is a cash generating business, it has the potential to – with our asset quality to draw up a lot of cash and we have assets that are very material to our other businesses. So, I think it's right in line with our strategy, but when you look at it holistically, given our geographic footprint, the printing papers around the world, it's a growth business when we're in a mid-cycle environment and we're certainly seeing that right now by the revenue growth over the last couple of years and into the future with Brazil and otherwise. Fair point on packaging outside of North America. We have positions obviously in Europe and South America. In Europe, we're augmenting that position with catalyst, which we believe is going to make a big difference in integration, our Madrid mill, and we're quite committed to our market access in Europe, but we have some squeeze now as a non-integrated player and that's why we're addressing that with some organic moves to do this conversion. Relative to Latin America, structurally we're somewhat impaired there, but we're growing our market access, we're building customer relationships, and I'm not going to open up a can of worms here relative to our aspirations globally, but clearly, we see fit to improve our market access in those very profitable pools around the world through acquisitions if we can do it at the right price.
Glenn R. Landau: Two good questions, Mark. I appreciate them. Relative to Madrid, we have line of sight. Clearly, there were some obstacles, largely due to labor and management of that labor in Spain, but Madrid is now looking to be ramping up by the end of this quarter and we feel great about that. That addresses a primary concern. Understand the backdrop of new capacity, but we also like the growth quotient in Europe, so a lot of that new capacity we think will be absorbed by growth. The good news for International Paper is our mill is 100% integrated at day one. So, we get to keep that margin, which is meaningful now given where OCC's at in Europe and around the world. So, again, we feel it is a big step forward for our business in Europe. Orsa continues to struggle but improve. There's year-over-year improvement two years in a row here. We're focused on our customers. We're cautious on capital allocation. So, it's really about understanding market access and understanding how to navigate Brazil in a non-recessionary environment. Line of sight, we think we have line of sight to an EBITDA positive business, that certainly isn't a return that's acceptable to us, and we'll make decisions and keep our options open on how we operate across Latin America. But clearly, we see Latin America as a profit pool we want to be a part of.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah, we can, and what we talked about was the cost headwinds. There were some volume headwinds as well on that 50%. We talked about Grand Prairie maybe as another issue. But yes, of the $0.08 hit, that's going to be a non-repeat. The pull forward predominantly in Industrial Packaging, let's say that's about $15 million of outages out in the second quarter that'll come in that have already been taken care of.
Glenn R. Landau: So, Riverdale is on track. We have not disclosed specifically our point at which we pull the plug. We are ultimately going to time that with the engineering and time that with market demand. But as we outlined and disclosed from a macro standpoint, we're right on track with the project and we'll keep updating you as we go along.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. I think we do have a fairly firm view long-term and I appreciate you framing it long-term, because short-term is a lot more complicated answer. But long-term, it comes down to if you believe in global growth and the fact that boxes ultimately will facilitate that global growth that there will be strong demand for recovered fiber and there will be pressure on that important substrate over time. We suggest in any medium term period it can be quite volatile. This definitely impacts the trade today, forcing even different fiber streams to meet some of the needs. We'll watch it closely. We still remain very confident in North America that our low cost virgin position is a winner, but we see OCC a strategic, not only in the U.S. but around the world. And the good news, Adam, is we're located both in Europe and in North America and Brazil for that matter where it's produced. So, ultimately, we have the first access. So, we have the right to first supply, the rest of the world's growth has to come from our region. So, again, in any medium term situation, we'll have access, and over the long-term, to your original question, we see you know, incremental pressure.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. It's a great question. And when we look at our year-over-year view, you know, we – we do see inflationary pressure for sure. We see it in energy and chemicals. I think what we're experiencing more than that right now in terms of wood is more seasonal. But you know OCC is – is the big variable and whether that neutralizes or not, I guess will play out during the year, but certainly, transportation is structural. You know energy and chemicals is – is material. Wood, we think it stays very competitive.
Glenn R. Landau: Good question. And we talked 10% plus, we frame the 10% plus relative to what we said last quarter and what we believe now. We don't forecast cash flow. But I – but I can say that it – it should be within – within the same conditions materially to somewhat equal.
Glenn R. Landau: So, what you're, what you're seeing here is, is a change, it was a change under consultation with multiple external advisors including our board advisor. You know, we had an issue with, with relative ROIC in that – in that plan meeting versus, versus competition, just because of the variability associated with that. While we have built in the ROIC piece of the long-term incentive plan is a structural imperative to have a meaningful spread to our cost of capital, balanced by TSR. So, again, we think a very robust view of growing the size of our intrinsic value with TSR and maintaining over time a ROIC with the spreads of the cost of capital. So, so again, we believe a much more clear and clean way for our organization to see value creation and also to report back out on it. Clearly, the baseline for any payments is our cost of capital, but target is, is a meaningful spread of 200, and again, today we – we would do any capital allocation with that factor in mind.
