Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. You've all heard and talk about the strong second half that we envisioned in front of us, and as we sit here today, it's now upon us. International Paper is positioned for margin expansion over the balance of the year, which also should set us up very nicely as we move into 2018. There are several drivers of this step change in results, a healthy demand outlook, particularly for our Industrial Packaging and Global Cellulose Fibers businesses, the realization of recent price increases across many of our IP businesses, solid operational performance and cost reduction initiatives, coupled with significantly lower maintenance outage expenses, and finally commercial and synergy momentum in our Global Cellulose Fibers business. As we've been saying since the recent pulp acquisition, we will continue to allocate capital to create value, and in the near term debt reduction is our priority. Putting all this together, I continue to be highly confident in our full-year view of delivering year-over-year EBITDA growth with upside to the 10% target I shared earlier this year. With that, we'll open the floor to questions.
Mark S. Sutton: Mark, I would assume – is there a particular business? I'd assume you're talking about the box market, but I don't want to ...
Mark S. Sutton: Brian, this is Mark. Just to add to Tim's comment the other flexibility we have in our system is International Paper serves all the major channels for kraftliner, so the U.S. domestic market, and our own box plant, the open market and the export market and our ability to move our production to where our demand signal is the strongest and our margins at the highest, gives us very flexible system including where capacity is deployed at different point in time.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Brian, your take on the market is accurate. The demand has been pretty solid. Our issues of just making the product during that month with such a large asset out for such a long period of time; it's really an issue with our volume. We have seen a pick up, we convert, as you know, a percentage of our boards to make cups and fruit containers that business is doing very well. And our customers in the open market in different segments has shown some strength. We've said a number of times the Consumer Packaging business, while it's small relative to other parts of our company, it's a business and a market that we like. We think there are some synergies with other things we do. We've been working to figure out what the right role for International Paper is. When we talk about strategy and IT, we talk about building advantaged position it's an attractive market. And at any point in time, you can take a snapshot and not every part of your company meets that test. And our question that we have to answer is, is there a way to get to the advantaged position standpoint and that's what we're looking at and evaluating.
Mark S. Sutton: George, this is Mark. On Europe, we're right on plan for the Madrid conversion. So the equipment is all spec'd, ordered and showing up and we're ready with the team to phase out the newsprint manufacturing and convert to containerboard. We've got some exciting new technology that will go into that conversion, making it really, really high performance board. And as we showed on that slide with the small box plant acquisition in Morocco and looking at Spain and Morocco and the food basket there that uses kraftliner and high-performance recycled, it's a perfect example of building an advantage position in a really attractive market. So we're excited about the conversion and ready to get on with making containerboard and everything is right on target.
Mark S. Sutton: ...of this year. I hesitated, because I was thinking about when we would have kind of a reasonable ramp. It's going to be through December. Our target was always getting it converted in the fourth quarter and having it fully ramped into our system as we enter 2018.
Mark S. Sutton: Sure, Mark. As we said before, we think Ilim is a powerful example of building an advantage position in a number of businesses, serving really attractive markets. So the pulp side of Ilim is really all about the Chinese and Asian softwood market. We just came off of a big capacity expansion, and we're ramping that up and getting it into the hands of the right customers in the right segments. There are more opportunities longer term in the future. We would time that when and if the market needed it in the targeted segments we have. But the opportunity is there and the advantage of fiber and logistics are just really, really compelling. The balance of Ilim is really an International Paper microcosm. We make containerboards in the Ilim business and we're working to expand that today as we speak. We also make boxes in Russia with our partners in Ilim and we make some uncoated free sheet and some other forest products. And so, those businesses are growing, serving the local market and certainly some of the markets in Eastern Europe. It's a 50/50 joint venture, right now. We really believe it's best to operate in Russia with partners. We have great partners today that are not just generic business people, they are forest industry professional that have been in the industry their whole life. And they're educated in forestry and sustainability. So the common view on how one should run a forest products company from a renewable natural resource all the way through (38:41) carbon-neutral energy generation to recoverable and recyclable products matches the IP value proposition perfectly. So ownership stakes will be discussed over time when it makes sense, but what we do like is we like the business and we like our partners and we like the potential that that business has. Under normal CapEx, inside of the normal scheme of things, we're de-bottlenecking, we're improving capacity. We're looking at things together in the industrial packaging market and that's all going very, very well and you'll continue to see a really powerful EBITDA generation out of that business.
Mark S. Sutton: Gail, this is Mark. Just to add to what Tim said. If you just take it up a level and look at, this OCC phenomena is a great example of this whole business model and you can't look at it in isolation. Kraftliner and OCC go together. OCC begins its life as virgin fiber and as the market for packaging – sustainable packaging grows, where it grows determined what type of fiber is used, but the feedstock for that fiber is virgin fiber largely generated in the southeast U.S., some in Brazil, some in Northern Europe. And so the dynamic is China, let's take that as an example, China surprised everyone by really ramping up their collection rate beyond what people thought they could do. And it reached very, very world-class levels and they're there now. So any incremental growth has to be fed with strong fiber coming from other regions and then you got the dynamics that Tim described where we might recycle as individual consumers a little less diligently than a large retailer would. So generation suffers for a while. But at these prices, the market will find its place and OCC becomes really, really valuable. And I know where we live in this area of the country. OCC generation is actually increasing because the municipalities have really stepped up curbside, making it easy for consumers to do it, may not be the same in dense large cities, but that's something that we will see play out. But it all starts with this pretty good business model of renewable natural resources, making products that are using the by-products to make energy in a carbon-neutral way with biomass. And then in the case of the corrugated box in the U.S., 90% captured and recovered and recycled. So the amount of attractiveness that has with customers and segments is just not to be underestimated.
Mark S. Sutton: I think we might have lost – I think we might have lost him. So I'll finish this sentence. Fluff growth, we're seeing in our customer portfolio and I think the public numbers are close, but more than 4% growth. We had built our model in the 3% or so range and we're north of 4%. Some regions did 4%. Some regions even more than that and across a broad-base of uses from baby diapers all the way through the adult incontinence and hygiene products. And so part of that just have to do with, we just track GDP per capita in different parts of the world with tight correlation when people can afford these products. That's where the highest growth rates are. So we feel really good, Chip, about what we're seeing, there's innovation going on in those products that are making them more accessible to more people around the world. And we are right there in the middle of all that innovation. And that's part of what the combination of IP and warehouse of those products is a much, much stronger innovation DNA inside of our company that we had as IP alone.
Mark S. Sutton: So Mike, you've been a little bit modest you've got strong pricing pressure in Latin America. And Chip, obviously, it's the differential that makes the U.S. less attractive to Mike's point. We probably will see in the quarters probably stay in the range. It's typically how the market incremental trade flows have worked in the past and that we don't see anything that would say or they would work differently.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Mark. We are seeing a strong start to July for our box system. As of today, our cut-up's running 5-plus percent year-over-year and we're also seeing strong demand continue in the export markets as well. So, it feels like it's pretty robust at the moment.
Tim S. Nicholls: You know it feels pretty broad-based to us. We're getting some help on the West Coast in terms of our agricultural position in the first quarter. Some crops that normally start coming in in March got pushed out into the second quarter and even some in the second quarter are being pushed into the third. So, we're seeing heavy ag shipments this month and we expect it again in August. But, that being said, we're seeing pickup in industrial accounts as well. So, it feels pretty broad-based. In terms of price, you were talking about it. I mean, we don't have any sense that our customers are building inventory, probably have no way to know that full stop but it's kind of hard to build inventory and hold inventory for box customers. They typically – manufacturers just don't have the space. Our price increase you referenced, it's going extremely well. We're right on top of what the expectation was and we've got a lot of flow-through coming in the third quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. A great question. We're thankful that 2 years ago we embarked on adding capacity and flexibility in our system where we needed to. We're continuing to execute against that, we've only brought on about half at this point. We've got another increment that will come on in the third quarter, and then the last one will be completed next year. So, we still have the opportunities that we referenced back in 2015 that are coming online, as well as debottlenecking opportunities across our mill system. We've got a pretty broad and flexible system with a lot of capability. And so, we continue to evaluate additional opportunities there.
Tim S. Nicholls: The other thing that I would add to Glenn's comments since I agree with it of course is looking at export markets. Over the last period of time as export pricing was under pressure, we lost rough order $200 million of value just through selling price decreases and that's starting to come back. So, this year, we think we'll recapture half of that. And on a run rate basis going out to the year, we should be close to whole.
Tim S. Nicholls: We've gotten half of it. We've got more coming on in the third quarter of this year. And then so we'll be at about 70% implemented by the end of the year and the balance will come on next year. And then the operational issues that you referenced earlier, almost all of them were related to weather. We had Cindy, Tropical Storm Cindy that came through and knocked some of the mills down. But then we just had – towards the end of the quarter, we had some significant thunderstorm activity and weather comes through taking the utilities down which blacked a number of our mills, and then we had to scramble to get them back up. I think it's behind us. But they were pretty much all situational.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hey, Mark. It's Tim. Yeah, I mean, we look at a number of things in terms of how we create value in this business. And certainly, given market conditions and the growth that we see in both boxes and in board, growing with market is a significant component of our value creation strategy. Mark's talked in the past about the breadth of capability across International Paper. We've got a great organization. We've got great assets with a lot of flexibility. So, we constantly evaluate how to deploy those assets and when to deploy them for the greatest value creation. So there's opportunities there. Not ready to speak about anything specifically, but we do have opportunities.
Tim S. Nicholls: We've got multiple opportunities, Mark. I wouldn't want to single any one out, but I think we've got multiple opportunities.
Tim S. Nicholls: Great question. One of the things that we do is we have a very robust pricing mechanism and pricing governance protocol within Industrial Packaging. So on a regular basis, every month, we are updating the macro factors, the metrics that we look at and evaluating how we feel about our pricing posture and that is there's a lot of analytics involved, and there's a lot of discussion and we do it religiously every month no matter what.
Tim S. Nicholls: Generally, improvement across the board. Not as much as we would like, but we did get pricing improvement, our operations ran better. Volume was better, but not as good as it could have been given some of the segment issues down there around protein and then the just general market conditions. But on balance, I think we're performing better in the market, and certainly from pricing and volume, commercial excellence, the team is doing a better job down there.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, certainly, over the long term, we've always said we expect OCC pricing to move to higher levels. Our crystal ball is probably not any better than anyone else's in the short term. We think we're going to see some modest uptick in the quarter, in the third quarter. You read a lot and you talk to your people on the ground a lot. I think, first of all, demand which has been pretty strong is one component of it. And then generation, supply being tighter is another component. And what I think I understand is that traditional retailers' generation is not growing. It's holding, but it's not growing. And so there's an e-commerce impact. There's probably a distribution or redistribution impact as well. But I think quite frankly, up at this level and sustained, we see that in the future. This time last year, I don't think any others would have predicted it for this year.
Tim S. Nicholls: I think, it's both, China pulled back earlier in the year and maybe there's some timing here as they kind of race to catch up. But I think, it's broad based and you look to other markets around the world and OCC is up in those markets as well, so other countries in Asia. And so I think this is – you can find pockets where there maybe anomalies, but I think it's fairly widespread.
Tim S. Nicholls: I'll take the first part. And Mark may have something he wants to add, Gail. But this is – it's not new necessarily, we've been talking about this for a long time. Certain companies are more equipped and capable of taking advantage of it than others, customers, I mean. Where we can and it adds value for us and it adds value for the customer, we certainly do those kind of things. We do it between our footprint in Brazil, our footprint here and in Europe. So there's certainly opportunities. I personally don't see it as a broad brush type of seismic shift, if you will. And having the capability broadly to meet those customers' needs is sometimes a significant hurdle to get over as well.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, it's Tim. It'll be minimal to us. We don't sell a lot. We don't buy a lot. We break for a little bit. So it'll have a minimal impact, not all of our customer contracts reference medium. And so where they do, you can pass through, where they don't, you won't get it but it's single-digit millions on an annual basis for us. Yeah.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. We export between, say, 12% and 15%, depending on the time of the year, but year by year, it's in that range. We didn't really pull back a lot during the second quarter. Given Pensacola and its exposure to the export markets, we were working hard to meet all of our demand here in North America and also working to catch up with customers that we have commitments to in other parts of the world. So it was a strong push across all the channels in the second quarter.
Glenn R. Landau: Almost all of it in the third quarter. We'll be 90-plus percent through the third quarter and there's a little bit of residual that flows through into fourth quarter but not a whole lot.
Glenn R. Landau: Well, I think we speak to that broadly. While referring to the second half and the second half notably has low outages so there's an annualized impact of outages that we need to apply there. But, we're going to see that margin expansion and we're going flirt with if not beat our last peak. And so we're not considering it a maximum peak by any means. The three components that are going to drive margin and EBITDA growth in the company are growth, volume and our ability to meet that volume. The reality of a steepening cost curve in a high OCC environment and the fact that we have a lot of cost savings opportunities in this big network that Tim spoke to across our system, and combine those, we see that 3% or 5% EBITDA growth over time
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. So, just on a macro basis, George – this is Glenn. I think it's preliminary right now. We're seeing, more than anything else, the rate of improvement cutting on fast. While we have expectations and it looks good relative – like I said earlier relative to the opportunities to do better; we're not in a position today – we're not in a position today to really speak to the rate which is again the underlining point of the quarter. But, we should be ready as we get closer to the end of the year.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. That's definitely fair. Speaking on behalf of the businesses, this is Glenn. We had strong demand. We had operational issues and had a big outage in the quarter that certainly set us back and then also put a tap on our volume, as our backlog expanded, we ultimately have delayed some of that into the next quarter. So net-net, we're comfortable with the market backdrop that was really the assignable cause of this.
Glenn R. Landau: Sure. So the net earnings impact was just $3 million in the quarter, Mark. The $13 million was the insurance recovery, but we had continued business interruption, this is more on the supply chain area moving through the quarter. So that was really how it affected the second quarter. If I put the whole thing in perspective, the impact we looked at for the whole year is around $63 million, $50 million of that is business interruption, the other $13 million is capital investments. We expect to recover on the earnings line $46 million of that $50 million. Insurance recovery to-date is $25 million. So the net earnings impact is miniscule, and the cash impact is at best basically the size of the deductible.
Glenn R. Landau: Well, as you know, we have no mandatory contributions in the near term. But with that said, we are in a deleveraging mode and we're looking at all our options to most efficiently deleverage to bring our ratios back in line with our target. So I would say that's an option that's still on the table.
Glenn R. Landau: Well, I think we outlined the areas on our outlook that we have a clear line of sight on. And if you can pick that back up in the transcript, we don't come out and just give a broad-based number. But directionally, I think if you look at and do the math on the pieces that we've built up, you'll get it in that range, and you could speak to Jay and Guillermo afterwards.
Glenn R. Landau: Well, again, we're not going to be forecasting, looking forward on pricing. We gave you the macro view of net-net in the pulp business for the third quarter, an incremental $10 million that has all the pass-through that that's going to come through from what's been announced and that's net from some of the situation relative to volume and the seasonality, as well as the dip in softwood prices. So, again, that's a round number of $10 million net-net.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah. We don't forecast cash flow either, Adam. But at the end of the day, you could see that there's a significant step-up across the board and cash flow should fall in line with that as well.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Yes. Good morning. I hope you can hear me fine. I would say the synergies are kind of have been better than we expected everywhere. We had a lot of customers in fact which were not overlapping much more than we originally thought and with our Riegelwood 18 new capacity for example, we had a much faster ramp up than we expected. Then on the supply chain, logistics, scoping it really went well. So, if you look at our numbers today, we are already at $48 million year-to-date. Our target was $60 million for the year which we clearly – we are going to beat that target. Our current run rate is about, we think end of the year $126 million. So, we feel very comfortable about the $175 million target and actually much faster than we had original planned. So, we're discovering much more opportunities than we already thought.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Thank you. Quite different I would say on softwood or fluff, I would say, there are some new capacities which are ramping up which are going to come up, which will impact for 6 months to 12 months, maybe the global operating rate in softwood. In fluff, with the growth we're having with the market demand which is kind of clearly stronger than we expected. I am less worried. I don't think we're going to be on an extremely tight market for 12 months to 18 months. But, I think that between the good growth of the market and the ramp up, which you know is always longer than many times people think in fluff. It really takes time to get qualified to ramp up. I think fluff is going to continue to be quite well balanced for this coming 12 -months to 18-months and probably after.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: I'm sorry. I think we have to be careful this year so there is a big difference between market pulp and fluff. So, I would say the trend on the last year has been an increase in the rebate, there is no doubt. But, in fluff, we really don't sell the same way we market fluff. Almost every customer has a different contract size, some are (26:10). So, it's very difficult to mix both of them. I would not do that. If I need to explain on rebate, I would be happy to.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Let me try to make something which is a little bit complex a bit easier. When we have price increases, those encompass being with a formula, being with an index, ultimately, we'll get about the same net price increase, it's just a question of timing. One might be immediate, another might be a three to four month maximum, I would say, before it gets applied. So the way to look at it in fluff is whatever the mechanism we have in place, ultimately you do get about the same price increase. The second question, which is more kind of the contract side, we have most of our contracts, I would say, are one to two years. So we have many of our contracts two years. And some of these contracts are not formal. Some are very formal, some are in countries where they're usually more so, hey, this year the target is, let's say, 57 tons. And I can tell you, it's works as well as a very contractual contract because we are partners for long time and we inter depend on one from the other. So it's a mix of different things, it's not just one way to do it, which is why maybe sometimes it's confusing. But at the end, it's the same result to the long-term commitments with our customer, and the pricing goes through as the market can accept it depending on our demand versus our supplies. So the normal things of market applies with different mechanism but the same result.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Yes. I mean, this is – if you take the average, I would say, cycle prices, which we had around 2015, you can see we're not that yet there. We are progressing significantly this year, but we might be on the pricing only side halfway. On the synergy side, we are ahead. So, yeah, I would say, a couple of years, which is as we said on a normalized price market is what we need to get there.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Jean-Michel speaking here. Yeah, I would take it. When we look at softwood and fluff, you do see some conversion long term but not immediate. There can be a broad band of difference between softwood and fluff, and they don't move at the same speed at all. So I would say a plus 30% or 50% or what is going today on softwood and what is going today on fluff is really not related. We have very different situation in fluff. Even if we have like every year a little bit of seasonality in the summer, which is a bit lower, fluff prices run lower, very stable with the end of the pricing season in fluff versus the slight decrease you have in softwood. So we need a big difference between the two before you can see one of them affecting the other. This level of swing you have in softwood today does not affect fluff at all.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Yeah. Yeah. So fluff demand globally is actually very stable growth. I would say the recent trends are even... [Technical Difficulty] (56:40-56:47)
George Leon Staphos: Hi, everyone. Good morning. Jean-Michel, good evening. I just want to maybe piggyback on the fluff and cellulose fiber questions. Recognizing that you might not want to get into a mark-to-market exercise, given that the synergies are coming quicker than you thought, and congratulations to you on that, when do you think you'll be in a position to maybe update whether the $175 million is the right number or maybe they could wind up being higher given the progress that you're seeing? And you enumerated a number of places where you've been getting more progress on CF synergies. Is there one or two that in particular was beneficial to you in terms of the progress so far? And then I had a couple of follow-ons.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. And you'd mentioned some – I forgot how you said it. But, it sounded like there's some operating issues minor, but nonetheless some issues in the containerboard system in the quarter. Can you comment to what those were and if there's been any carry over? And piggybacking, I think on a question that Brian had asked earlier, the capacity expansions and really is more – mill system optimization flexibility that you're building in. If memory serves, it was about 250,000 tons and if I heard you correctly, you've gotten half of it now, you'll get half of it next year and there are incremental benefits you'd expect to get and if you could put some sort of number on that incremental that would be helpful.
George Leon Staphos: Okay. My last question, can you comment a little bit about how Europe is going, specifically Madrid? And then before turning it over, just want to say thanks again, Jay, for all your great work in IR. We really appreciate it working with you and, Guillermo, welcome aboard. Thanks.
