Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Christy. Good morning, everyone. Thanks for joining our First Quarter Earnings Call. Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties, and these are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation deck. We will also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP financial measures is available on our website. Our website also contains copies of the first quarter 2010 earnings press release and today's presentation slides. This morning, Tim and I are in New York City, and John and the balances of the senior management team are in Memphis. We're conducting our portion of the call in the Q&A remotely. So please understand that some of the transitions are not a smooth as usual. With that, I'll turn the call over to John in Memphis.
Thomas Cleves: Mark, let me use our box business that we've got into China right now as a proxy. It's a growing North of 15%. We got a number of a brand-new plants that we've built a lot of over the last couple of years. But we've got several plants I'd say are four years or older. If you look at those, their earnings north the cost of capital returns right now. And as we fill them up, they are cost of capital returns. The key to the into China is not overpay the capacity. And what's kind of unique is our EBITDA margins are about our ROI is, which is in my experience a bit unusual usual. But as long as you're paying the right price to build it or to buy it, we have the cost of capital in China, just like what we do in our non-integrated business in Europe.
Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Christi. We appreciate your help. Thanks, everybody for joining us for the call today. Investor Relations will be available for follow-up questions. With that said, I'm going to go to the airport and get on an airplane. I'll be back in Memphis midafternoon. But next we'll be in the office for immediate responses. Please go either one of us with additional questions. Thanks for joining today's call.
John Faraci: Well, Gail, I can talk about OCC here. In OCC prices, the published prices were off $30 in April from where they were and another, kind of, $12 to $15 made from where they were. We think spot prices are off even more than that so OCC could be down 50 from where they peaked.
John Faraci: Wood costs aren't falling as fast. But wood costs are falling on the Pine side, which will impact Packaging more than Paper. They're probably down maybe $1, $2 a ton. And in hard wood, they're just starting to decline. So a sharper decline on OCC prices than we're seeing on wood fiber. But wood fiber will unfold during the summer. We've had great weather, logging conditions are getting better. Actually if we get some supply, if saw mills come back on stream, we'll get some of our chip supply back, which will help take the pressure off Pulpwood. So I mean, a color on that would be things are trending in the right way and probably with OCC, recently having falling faster than fiber cost had.
John Faraci: Well, Carol Roberts is sitting right here. And so is Marc Sutton. Since Carol got Industial Packaging and Marc's got Franklin, I'll let both of them talk about that.
John Faraci: Well, I think the move we made is indicative of what we think we can maintain, and we're going to be cautious about that. And to the extent we generate cash and we're pretty positive about our free cash flow target that we'd rather be distributing the cash when have it as opposed to in advance of having it. I think, if we knew then what we know now, we may not have needed to decrease the dividend. But back last year, everybody was planning for the worst and we are committed to the return of cash. We're going to generate $1.5 billion of free cash flow a year, a good portion of that will go back to shareholders in the form of dividend and/or share buybacks.
John Faraci: Again, I think that reflect a balanced program of how you're returning cash to shareholders is I think what we're going to have and we're going to talk to shareholders about -- some prefer share buybacks, some prefer dividends. We had a what we thought was a healthy dividend in place. We have to cut it. We didn't want to but we did. And we're in the process of bringing it back in steps.
John Faraci: OCC isn't going to fall to $200 a ton. for sure. The fiber cost increase that we got hit with in the first quarter was not anything other than weather-related and a contraction supply due to the plan in the lumber plywood markets. I think OCC has taken a pause, it probably got higher than it should have. So we're not going to see continuing falling prices in OCC. We don't know when they're going to level out. So we're thinking about that when we have a lot of flexibility in terms of how we run our system. So frankly for us, given the 65% versus fiber higher OCC prices over the long term are a good thing for us. The thing I think most of that, Mark, is getting the right people in place to the job that needs to be done around International Paper, which is different in Russia than it is in Consumer Packaging. It's different in xpedx than it is in coated paperboard. I think we've got the right people in place. We've made a number of moves at the end of the year, which I think enabled us to get some fresh thinking into a lot of businesses, get some new leadership in place. And that to me is, that's my job.
John Faraci: My sense, Chip, at least for now is we're going to be that core buyer of China, we have been. We are in Europe, we like that position. There's a lot of recycle capacity that's been committed to by the board producers over there. And they bring out all the capacity that we're talking about. We like being board buyer in Asia just like being a board buyer in Europe. And I wouldn't anticipate us bringing liner board in from the U.S. in a big way because the probably the low-cost provider of liner board into China right now than Russia. Now we finished the Bronx project, we're going to make liner board approximately to make the market full. And China is mostly recycled market, there's not a lot of virgin fiber that gets user now.
John Faraci: SCA's plants are running about 40% of capacity. We have roughly $100 million box business and we acquired roughly a $250 million box business. So if you just kind of extrapolate, we're probably a little more than 50% of capacity in our plants because we haven't built in this as fast as SCA had. The markets over there are growing and 15% a year, pick the number. It's not going to take long for those plants to really start to ramp up in terms of capacity utilization.
John Faraci: Yes, it's tugging. Stated all around the world and why would you sell export liner board at a price that's below your mill net in North America when demand is starting to increase in North America. So we're out there. And I'll let Carol comment on this, but we're out there getting our prices up around the world so that our margins are comparable in a mill net basis anyway where sell.
John Faraci: We've got the capacity to meet our customers planned needs over the cycle. And we made a footprint decision so we can carry a lot of excess capacity, which we think what we need. But as those market plays out, when we get modest but steady growth in North America of 2%, let's say, a year, we'll be in great shape to be able to meet our needs. What we want is to be able to supply our strategic customers but supply and demand are at a point where we don't have to sell product at lower margin somewhere we're not going to.
John Faraci: Our business is closest to lot of customers at xpedx. Maybe Mary Laschinger is just going to add some color on that.
John Faraci: Maybe the way to say it is to think about it as we're not calling euphoric robust recovery but it clearly is recovery that's starting to get more legs and more tentacles.
John Faraci: Same strategy, Pete, that we had when we made the joint venture investment two plus years ago. The whole notion here was to build out the position in Siberia and modernize the facility in Western Russia so that we can reduce costs, improve product quality and expand capacity. But all got put on hold by about for a year, maybe 15 months, because of what happened in the end of 2008, 2009 because it's being financed off the balance sheet. We're basically going add call it $1.5 billion modernization program, the single biggest project, the single biggest piece being the pulp project at Rogers. About $700 million of that is about half of the overall program. Theres another investment that's underway or being studied or kind of finalized for a conference which is the facility that serves the Russian market in paper.
John Faraci: Pete, we've submitted for paper perspective, we've got roughly 80% of revenues. We had eight or nine years ago with less than half the people. Now, I mean, no one likes to have a fewer jobs. I think it needs a lot of tough decision but at the end of the day, that's what we've done over the past eight years and we've done it systematically as opposed hypothetically. So we're going to continue to look for ways to get the job better in all of our businesses, with the big push on productivity and planning for attrition.
John Faraci: Think about on where we are on some of these valid uses of cash. Our balance sheet that is about where we think it ought to be. We still got a pension issue to deal with. That number becomes a moving target based on interest rates and return. So we do want to end up with an overfunded pension plan but we've got a couple of billion dollars over a several year period that we anticipate we're going to need to put the pension plan. So our cash would be used for that and it will also be used to go back insurance. We don't need to sit on $2 billion, $3 billion of cash.
John Faraci: And pension, we have more visibility on the legislation. And obviously, we have a $600 million, $700 million changing in that liability from an accounting standpoint just in one year. So we know we can move pretty significantly both ways. The dividend, Mark, is something we've just decided to take just the could have got all the way back to $1.01 when we thought that the right thing to do is to make a meaningful move and hopefully assigned to investors that we're feeling that 2009 is behind us. We've got a lot ahead of us.
John Faraci: Your forecast, but not necessarily ours. The way we think about that, George, is what it's going to take to get $20 billion capital base, roughly $20 billion capital base across the capital returns our cycle. And our target is get a mid-cycle basis, which means less in the down market, more in the up market in 2011 or 2010. Certainly not anywhere near mid-cycle markets. So you can do your own math to figure out what the EPS is going to be, or 8% return on $20 billion of capital.
Carol Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. We did see the full benefit from Pineville in Albany. Although with all of the heavy maintenance outages in the quarter, some of our other fixed spending was up. And when John or Tim talked about some of the little bit of money we left on the table of that $15 million, we probably had other spending that was probably up, maybe $5 million to $7 million in the quarter due to pushing the other mills hard to run. And I think that will come back. So I feel like we're going to be quite successful in getting all of that savings from Pineville in Albany to the bottom line in the second quarter.
Carol Roberts: 29. You can see that as of the 28th of April, which is really pretty solid through the whole month of April. We're up $39 on boxes on the first increase. So I would say the first increase is pretty much done. And of course, we're moving now to implement the second 60.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Rick, this is Carol. We did make progress in the first quarter over a couple of fronts very specifically, and I'll give you the highlights. Our plan is pretty broad-based plan. Number one, was the fixed cost savings down in the mills system. And as we already comment on that, we successfully implemented that and that will flow to the bottom line. The second piece of our plan was clearly on the box side, driving further improvement in our box operation. People don't realize how much money actually get spend in the box side in making those productive, efficient, low-cost, is absolutely vital. So we did well there. The other two big areas that we have identified for this year, one was on the supply chain on our distribution costs. That's an area where we did not have a good quarter, mainly due to our low inventory levels and the challenges in our supply chain. But I'm very confident that we will get those average back on track as soon as we get our inventories to a manageable level. And the other area obviously is just in our mills system. We're transitioning from running slow and not pull to pretty much running full. We've made progress on our consumption in the quarter on things like fiber, energy, chemicals. We did not do as well on spending due to some reliability issues that John and Tim had mentioned. So at the end of the day, I believe we'll be on track. We exited quarters slightly behind. But I believe we're on track and our commitment is to hit that $300 million run rate on top of what we did last year by the end of the year. And a feel confident that we're going to be able to do that.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I speaking in the majority of it. We still have some contracts, some things that are lagging. We have some stuff that will come in July that had a longer lag, it's not a lot. The other thing that happened in the quarter, which we had some other contracts that some prices went down at the first of the year, a few dollars. So when you add it all up, I believe we're going to get very close, at the end of the day, to the full $50 when you take everything into consideration.
Carol Roberts: The agricultural piece, that pricing gets set by season. And so in the first quarter, because that price was happening through the quarter, some of those prices got set pre-season. And so that kind of comes in chunks as the commodities come online. So it's a little choppier, Rick, that's under the standard consumer packaged goods business or the industrial segment.
Carol Roberts: Yes, we definitely constrained export production in the first quarter and will continue to do so in the second quarter. The demand is still strong. The deeds are there, prices are moving up. So that's a good thing.
Mark Sutton: For Franklin, as Tim mentioned in his section, we just made the last real paper in the middle of April. And what we've been doing through the first quarter is transitioning the business that we plan on keeping, which is a significant portion of it to the other mills in the system. So while we're bringing the mill down, we have transition cost and logistics cost to get the grades in the right mill for the future. So the Franklin, in fact, at fixed cost savings, will really materialize in the second half of the year. It would be an important driver.
Mark Sutton: Claudia, the only thing we saw probably partially related to currency was a bit more imports into Brazil in the first quarter than we had a normally seen in the past and than what we're expecting. As far as a Europe, I don't think there were any issues. And exports out of the U.S. were actually, as an industry, down and core IP down. But most of that was related to the inability to get fiber to meet all of our commitments. So the Brazil import piece was the only thing that I see from a potential currency influence the quarter.
Mark Sutton: We haven't seen a significant impact. There is always some movement and it really tends to be tied into things that you mentioned, or that was mentioned earlier. One is currency and one is excess startup capacity in the market. So we haven't seen any noticeable impact from increased imports in cut size.
Timothy Nicholls: John, if I could just add one comment, I think all right. And, Mark, the other thing that we'll look at is what might happen with tax rates on dividend as we go through this year and the next year. So all of the things John mentioned, as well as that.
Timothy Nicholls: Claudia, in the consumer packaging and our converting business that was really a bimodal quarter. We went from taking downtime in coated paperboard in January to being sold out in March. And we also experienced similar trends in our Shorewood business and in Food Service. So again, like John said, we're not ready to call it a recovery yet but our customers are feeling a whole lot better in March and April, probably sooner than we expected.
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, it's something that we constantly look out. So yes, it will be tied to economic performance. It'll be tied to our earnings growth and our cash flow generation. I think 2010, you're right, 2010 is going to be a strong cash flow year for the company. So it's something we'll consider as we go through the year.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I think we moved the dividend at the right time. We moved it at the right amount from where we are, Mark.
Timothy Nicholls: We are moving higher this year. Most of the increase is focused on cost reduction, consumption reduction, projects towards that, quick return, quick payback types of opportunities that really we put off last year so we're going through the crisis. We've said for 12 to 18 months now, we think a more normalized level is probably around $1 billion of capital investment on average for the cycle versus D&A of about $1.5 billion. And I think it will be situational, we've learned through the crisis there might be some opportunities to be more efficient about how we invest given pricing on inputs, or components that go in. And so that's somewhere between $900 million and $1 billion on average a year through cycle.
Timothy Nicholls: I think that's the important thing, George. A little bit higher, lower, a lot lower last year. Maybe $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion, but we're committed to the discipline keeping well below depreciation, being very selective of where the capital goes. That kind of include some organic growth outside North America if and when those projects will be having a affect of returns.
