Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim for all the detail. Look, this is our third earnings call under the realities of COVID-19. And as I said from the outset, International Paper answered this crisis in a position of strength, it really starts with the talent and commitment of our employees, that strong position is reinforced by our capabilities to provide the best solutions for our customers and by our customers themselves. We are partnered with many of the winning customers in multiple segments across our three businesses. And our strong positions supported by our world class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. All of which contributed once again to our solid performance and strong cash generation in quarter. I'm pleased with our performance and really excited about our strong outlook for the fourth quarter, and the momentum we're generating especially in our packaging business. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: Those are three really good questions about our Global Cellulose fibers business, first one on the cycle, I think that there's nothing unique about this particular cycle. If you think about '18, it was at the peak of pricing, the peak of demand, '19 was a somewhat normal reset. And then as we were turning the corner in the beginning of '20, prices were moving-up, volume was moving-up, COVID hit, temporarily that was a benefit. But now with the demand decline in printing papers, a certain amount of softwood pulp has stranded. So, there's a supply issue that's unique to this cycle, but it's really COVID related. And it's related to the demand decline in printing papers, some of that softwood pulp is finding its way into absorbing products at the margins. And that's creating what I believe, as a temporary structural issue. On operations, I've talked before about what the business needs to be successful post the combination of IP and warehouser, and that is, moving the mix to about 85% absorbent products, so fluff and specialties, minimal position, but a small position in market pulp, to balance the system. And then, having the cost structure of the best mills, which tended to be some of the ones we acquired, be the cost structure of most of the mills, and some of that is going to take some investment. We've developed some of the projects and now it's a matter of timing in those investments so, improving the mix, improving the cost structure - the manufacturing cost structure, and then operating commercially in an excellent way through the normal cyclicality. As far as the management change, you mentioned, Tim Hammock, his background suits what the business needs right now very well. He's had tremendous success commercially in different businesses in the company. And after we did the integration, and we put the teams together, which was done very well, he does have the right skill set for where we're going forward. So, we're excited about the role he'll play in that business. And we believe in the business long term, we made this investment. If I take you back to the end of 2016, in order to position IP in another fiber advantaged, growth-oriented market, albeit small market, it was a play for the longer term. And I think as you think about the demand drivers for diapers, adult incontinence and the other absorbent products, it's got good fundamental demand dynamics around the world. We have to level, set and improve our supply position, mainly in the ways that I've been described.
Mark Sutton: And it is by segment really Gabe, a story by segment and we are seeing some very positive trends in areas that we're heard a little bit. And part of it is I think inventory depletion. So, the center - processed foods center of the grocery store has picked up very nicely. We talked a lot about e-commerce, that's up a lot, and it's staying up a lot. We began to see some improvement as restaurants open, we have to see what that looks like as we head into the fall and winter, predictable caseload of COVID moving up and what different governments do to deal with that, but really encouraging news across the board sequentially. But even on a year-over-year basis, the e-commerce channel has an order of magnitude different than that it has been, we think some of that will stay.
Mark Sutton: So the examples that Tim shared, are just a few examples of addressing the needs of our box customers. And then that flows back through our value chain all the way to the type of substrates and containerboard that we would make to make those boxes. And if it's a capital investment, we're always looking at north of 20% returns, but some of them not capital investments, they're design investments. And that's what we tried to highlight in this particular earnings call that the talent level of our go-to-market strategy and our designers is coming up with unique products and unique services that can run on our equipment that we have. So, the capital investment is small. Where we see the payoff is two ways. Usually there's a margin benefit, if in fact it's a total cost of ownership, meaning it lowers the customer's cost. And two, it positions us in a differentiated way in a very competitive market to where we grow our position with a certain customer, because we have an offering that's just enough different from the competitive set that it helps us to grow our position.
Mark Sutton: And I would just add Mark that, the highest quality of covered fiber in the world comes from the U.S. market because of the high concentration Kraftliner boxes. And while China may not take any as OCC, it will probably take some of that feedstock as a version of recycled pulp or processed one-time before it goes into China. And in the region, there are some people doing that. And I think there'll be some people doing that from the U.S. with high quality recover fiber, minimal cost input to clean it up, roll it and then I think it probably qualifies as input fiber to China. But we'll see how that plays out. No one knows exactly how, but the simple math says that there's a tremendous fiber need for the growing Chinese economy that'll have to come from somewhere.
Mark Sutton: I think on Riverdale, we were really pleased with the ramp up once we started up. So the ramp up of the startup is ahead of schedule. The project itself obviously was impacted in the final stages by trying to finish a large construction project during a pandemic. But it's running well, the quality is really, really good, in some cases exceeding our design expectations. And we will adjust that product as we said before, that white-top liner into our system in place of some lower quality white-top we were making, and then we'll just balance the brown and white. But we don't see any significant demand shifts right now in the need for white-top other than the growth drivers we saw when we approved the project. So we're excited about it. It's going to help our box customers. It's going to help some of our open market customers, who make their own boxes. Some of this product goes into the premium segments, premium wines, premium beverages and there's a pretty strong demand for some of that. And probably some of its related to the way people are confined to home.
Mark Sutton: So, we try to look at the solution that the customer needs, whether it's a box or a mailer, we try to obviously steer customers towards a sustainable choice which is fiber based. And we see growth in both. Mailers are used for certain type of items, where it's the better solution. Maybe some of those items were in boxes before mailers became more effective. But we see growth - in the box segment we see growth. In the mailer segment, we participated a bit on the craft paper side of that. And when Tim talked about this e-box technology, we are proactively helping all of our e-commerce customers optimize their packaging suite. So the right size box, if it's a box, and in many cases the box is definitely the right solution given the supply chain it's got to travel through. But if it's a piece of clothing, maybe a mailer works fine. But we are actively working proactively to get the waist down, to make the packaging experience for our customers cost effective and for the consumer to know that they are doing something that's sustainable. If they recycle that box to 92% of more recycled, that that goes back on the screen and it's just a good overall solution to commerce. And so, we're actively involved in that Neel and view it as a positive not a negative.
Mark Sutton: Hi, Adam. That's a lot of hypotheticals in terms. We don't - well, first of all, we don't think paper demand will stay at the level of that, it will recover probably not 100% of what the COVID impact did to it, but some of it will recover as schools and offices open to some degree more than they are now. You're right. We took Riverdale out, not knowing that this was coming, but it actually was a benefit because it reduced our supply in the face of a real big demand decline. I've said this before and will continue to be our guiding principle, on containerboard conversions, we'll only make investments in containerboard production whether it's a conversion or a Greenfield or anything else. Based on the box and containerboard market, we won't do that based on the issue than another product line like uncoated free sheet in this question. Sometimes the timing doesn't match up perfectly. And you don't want to make a bad decision with an asset. But that's really what would drive it. So right now, we've got the ability, we haven't done it in a while, because we typically run the uncoated free sheet relatively full. But we have the ability to throttle that business with the same techniques we use in our containerboard business, so that we can adjust our output to the demand we have. And obviously, we've never thought the demand was coming back, we would make some more permanent decisions than carrying the cost of the economic downtime as we call it, but we'll cross that bridge when we come to it. But what you need to know though is the principle for making more containerboard is about making more boxes, not about another asset that needs something to do.
Mark Sutton: Well, a couple of things on the non-durables. I think correlation still holds. I believe box performance is outperforming non-durables, because so much of the non-durable collection of markets segments is not box intensive. Some of those non-durable items are actually down and the box intensive portions of non-durable goods is up a lot. So, I think the correlations been a whole, I hope, and I think we're not going to be locked in our homes. So, some of this demand and channel movement will settle out. Couple of takeaways that are just sitting here today, I didn't think we've been at this long enough. And some of our customers are saying is that some consumer behavior changes will be pretty sticky. I think people are going to eat and go out a little different. So I think some of the demand and shifts in the food channel are going to stay with us, maybe not a 100%. And then secondly, we have a lot of first time new adopters to doing business in an e-commerce kind of way. And I think those people have had good experiences largely. And some of the retail channel will continue to be in an e-commerce kind of channel. And for us or IP given the investments we made and the position we have, we believe that's a positive. The rest of it's tough to call. Probably it settled out to something like we had before. But given this wasn't a one month or two-month issue, I think behaviors and habits are beginning to change. And it will probably last a while.
Mark Sutton: Well, George, as Tim said, when you take everything into account box demand in a bit of a crazy year is upper percent. The year wasn't so crazy, maybe even normal correlations are there and box demand is about the same amount or 0.5% or 1.5% the range we've seen in the last couple of years. I think, if some of this e-commerce activity does remain and we believe it will because of what I said about first adopters and people buying things they never bought before. That tends to drive some incremental purchases in some cases. I think the big unknown is how fast if ever do people fully returned to the way they spent money before and the things they spent money on fuel, heavy travel, the service industry, that discretionary income tends to be now flowing into consuming goods, whether it's home improvement goods, luxury items, or basic necessities of food and supplies for your home. And that is a much more box intensive way to spend money from our perspective. And we believe that our level of that will continue well beyond when the all clear and sounded.
Mark Sutton: George, those are two great questions. Let me get the investment opportunity. We basically said it's almost all in converting, it has a lot to do with small box and e-commerce configured plants the physical profile of an e-commerce blank for a box is smaller, so most efficiently run on the right size machines. So we've actually evolved to a percentage of our several hundred box plants are becoming e-commerce-oriented plants. And they look different. And if we ever build a new one from the ground up, which I think we probably will, it will look different physically as well building size, and you'll have more of those located right near the fulfillment centers. And that's where our investment opportunity is. There's always an opportunity and we continue to see it to improve printing capability. And we were investing in that. And then sometimes it's just pure capacity. We don't have enough box making capacity in a certain region of the country. And we have to add it organically or inorganically and you've seen us do it both ways. With respect to the investment question in the mills, we are blessed to have 16 containerboard mills, now 16.5 if you take out for Riverdale. We have a big system that's flexible. It is going to be wide open sometimes, like 2018. And it'll be less than that, like it was in 2019. We're always going to try to keep that balance. So we're going to look at it over a several year period and decide whether we have too much or not enough capacity. Investing in the reliability, you set aside the recycled mills, which don't have the complexity of a pulp mill, and a power generation unit, those are pretty easy to manage in reliability spending. It's mostly about reliability and the paper machine. And we do that through largely non-capital investments. On the integrated mills that take in wood, make their own energy and pulpwood, that's where the big maintenance capital is and that's where the risk management is. So we have a hierarchy process, where we - when we cut back on maintenance - we don't cut back on the maintenance, that could result in multiple days down. Usually that's in power generation, for in pulping. And so we would do that work. And we would forego some work that's in the paper machine area that even if it failed, our teams can get it back up and running with a repair albeit may be costly, but a repair within 24 hours or so. So that's how we approach that, something that we just have a risk management framework that doesn't leave our mills subject to major large outages.
Mark Sutton: Steve, I think our goal is to get the Cellulose Fibers business to the cost of capital. But the Industrial Packaging businesses probably got higher returns, and probably always will. There's a couple of differences though the market in Industrial Packaging is a lot bigger. Fluff pulp is a smaller market. So it's residing in a very large pulp ecosystem, softwood market pulp, hardwood pulp, and then specialties at the top and pure commodities at the bottom. So it's got a lot of activity around it. So inside of that segment, the structure looks really good. But outside of the segment, there's a lot of activity. And that does play out overtime. But our goal is to get it solidly to the cost of capital through a cycle that's part of margin on the revenue and profit side on the top. And that's part on just reducing our costs and then finally, the right mix as you mentioned, on the 85-15. We see a path to getting it there that'll correspond to some level of EBITDA. There's opportunities for us to work on the footprint, as I think Gabe asked as well. And we have plans to do all of that.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. That is correct. We believe that the best value creation, if you look at S&P 500 companies that perform the best and have first quartile TSR, they tend to have a 200 basis points spread from their cost of capital. So, we did that with the entire company. And if you followed us for a while, International Paper as a whole wasn't met its cost of capital. So the first goal is get it there. And then you build the spread. And we fully expect to be able to do that. And by the way, we have a spread to our cost of capital and in the entire company now. And that's our goal in each component of the company, but it won't be democratic and linear. There will be some parts of the company that have a five or 10 year run well above cost of capital. There'll be others that are right at cost of capital. But you've seen us take action on businesses and parts of businesses that we've concluded. We don't think we're the right owner to get it there.
Mark Sutton: Well, Mark we don't give absolute numbers on that. But if you remember what I said last quarter, it was a cumbersome way to say it, but I think I said orders of magnitude double-digit growth. So, we were growing in double-digit percentages with a one in front of it, for 2020. And we are significantly higher than that in growth. And that number, or that range that I talked about in the second quarter - on the second quarter call continues to be in the same range and a little bit stronger. So, this is significant uptick from let's say '19 and '18 and '17, where we were at double-digit levels and it's just several times that.
Mark Sutton: On your question about the box business, we - as you know, Mark, we provide containerboard primarily to our own box system, but also to the open market where we have long-term partners, whether they're making sheets and then feeding the sheet plant network. And so, if that's what your farming outcome it makes, that's not new for us. We have partners in every type of channel that ultimately gets to a box. And I would say all of those channels are very busy and very strong right now for us. So, that may be what you're picking up I'm not sure.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. What I'd like to do just to wrap up is first, thank everyone for joining the call today. I really want to thank our employees, as I mentioned earlier especially our frontline employees who are showing up every day, taking care of themselves, each other and our customers. I'm pleased with our performance in the third quarter. And I'm really excited about our strong outlook and the momentum that we're building as we finish up 2020 when we start to look into 2021. So again, thank you for your interest in International Paper and have a great day.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Anthony, it's Tim. So, we see the following a normal path. For us, we might pick up a little bit in the fourth quarter, but it's very minimal. Every contract is different, but most of our contracts allow for a one quarter lag. And so, we start seeing the real benefits in the first quarter and then continuing on in the second, next year.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, hey, Mark its Tim. I don't think it's getting ahead of the price increase; people just don't warehouse boxes. They take up too much space. I think that some of what Mark said earlier, there is some replenishing of supply chains that's going on. But there's also the continued opening of economies as well. And so, we've seen pickups in the third quarter, August was better than July, September was better than August, is continuing in October. Right now nearing the end of the month, where we're looking at about a 6% increase on a daily basis in our box system. But it's really strong e-commerce that continues to grow and I think that some of these other segments starting to come back. One thing that we see a little bit of a shift just on durable goods, it looks like people are substituting travel for durable goods purchases or maybe making other trade-offs like that. So we've seen an acceleration as we come in from the third into the fourth. If you look at the market overall on a daily basis, the market stopped a little bit over a point year-to-date. So, in an upset condition, pretty good growth and I think it look like Mark said, it'll vary by segment as we go through the fourth quarter and into next year.
Tim Nicholls: Well, so we - our base case is we take them at their word. And we think all imports and OCC will end then like they say it will. It'll be a fiber balance equation as you suggest. I think some of it will get satisfied by market pulp for certain end uses. And yes, I think there could be a step up in not only Kraftliner purchases, but probably recycled pulp purchases as well. That may take a little bit of time to fully play out. And as to where it comes from, I think it's going to come from a lot of different places.
Tim Nicholls: So our inventories were pretty low at the moment and I think we referenced that in some of the prepared remarks just in terms of how we manage the channels during the quarter. Where we had to, we pulled back in some areas around to export, because we had such strong demand in North America. And now, we've given the flexibility of the system and the ability to recover, we're on a better footing. And so, we're increasing volume to the export channels in the fourth quarter, which is good, because it's seasonally stronger anyway. On the first part of your question, just in terms of the storms, through all of our operations and everything and being able to flex back and forth and move our widgets around, we feel like we offset us the impact. So, on a net-net basis not much.
Tim Nicholls: We always manage our mix. We don't talk about how we handle segments or customers. But yeah, we're always trying to improve the quality of our mix across all of our businesses.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Thanks Mark. Mark, Newport was the facility that produced not only white-top liner - recycled white-top liner, but also just some facing board. So if you remember, when we decided to make the investment in Riverdale, not only did we get a better sheet, divergent sheet, better brightness, color and smoothness, but it frees up the Newport facility. Overtime, we've dedicated to the gypsum product fully. And we like that market, and we really appreciate the customers we have in it and we think its good business for us.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. There's a big part of the market that is linked to our references, it's not direct, but references movement in the published price lists or index. But we don't talk publicly about what those percentages are. We have a variety of customers where prices, its set on a time increment basis and contracts are written around those types of price mechanism. So, not 100% varies by customer and sometimes by segment as well.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I mean like I said, inventories are on the low side right now. And we're working hard to cover customer commitments, we even pulled back and redirected from the export channel, where we could. So yeah, we're running as hard as we can right now.
