Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. International Paper is well-positioned for a strong fourth quarter, and with solid results across the board and solid cash generation. We continue to see healthy global demand across our key businesses. And we expect additional margin expansion from our first half pricing initiatives. On input costs, we expect some relief from record high OCC prices in the third quarter with some offsets on seasonally higher wood as well as higher chemicals and energy. We also anticipate another quarter of strong synergy generation in our Global Cellulose Fibers business and a seasonally light maintenance schedule across our mill system. Net-net, we are optimistic for a solid performance in the fourth quarter with excellent cash generation and a very strong year for International Paper. With that, let me open it up for questions.
Mark S. Sutton: George, it's a great question. We do have a board machine at Kwidzyn, and we also have one at our Svetogorsk mill in Russia. They serve targeted segments that are generally in the Consumer Packaging. That's not part of this transfer into Graphic Packaging. And when we think about what we do in Europe, we have – we serve a number of markets, packaging, industrial and consumer, uncoated freesheet, we make boxes. We don't do any consumer packaging converting. And really when you look at mills in countries like Poland and Russia, you tend to have the model where you use the wood advantage and you make some of the products that the market needs locally in all kind of segments. So, that's still an important part of our EMEA Paper and Packaging portfolio.
Mark S. Sutton: George, this is Mark. Just a final comment on inflation. One of the things we target in our internal improvement, something we call non-price initiatives, so reliability improvements in our manufacturing operations and cost improvements in all our business processes, we target to overcome that internal inflation at a minimum and maybe in some cases do better than the internal inflation. And then we work on input cost and all of that with our commercial terms. So it's part of our philosophy of how we need to operate every year. One last comment on Riverdale, capital costs are also relative to what system you're investing it in. And the way we look at this is, this will be the 17th containerboard mill in our world class systems. So the investment in Riverdale also enables savings in other parts of the system that don't show up in just a capital cost per annual ton. We are currently buying bleached fiber to make whitetop in a mill that was designed to make brown linerboard, that mill will now be free to make brown linerboard. So there's system effects, when you have a system our size, that the capital cost per ton can be a little deceiving.
Mark S. Sutton: So Mark, let me add just a little bit. This will settle out given the importance of this input material for the Global Packaging business. So for example, if capital is needed to better screen OCC at different quality levels and the economics are there because by not doing it you've eliminated part of the supply, the capital will be spent. There are other ways to manage fiber quality, the fiber quality gradient by treatments on recycled paper machine. So my view is, this is a really important long-term input material for the Global Packaging business. And as the market grows, the fiber quality will be stretched. And over time, you will find capital solutions or other types of workarounds to manage a different quality of fiber, just like you manage in some cases different qualities of virgin wood fiber. And so, there is an engineering solution to most of this that the economics will drive.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Mark, the Ilim joint venture is, as you know, a very, very well advantaged business. And we continue to be happy with that investment and with our partners. And we will continue to grow that business together. The ownership structure, if we change it ever, will be done cooperatively and collaboratively with our partners. But having it below the line isn't the driver. Making sure it's the right thing to do from a value creation. But I understand what you're saying around getting full recognition for that powerful EBITDA generation. And that's strategically as we kind of think about what advantaged positions mean, that's one of the criteria we look at is what's the best way to structure it and make sure that it's properly recognized and that our investors can see it for what it is.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Mark, one thing interesting about Riverdale, it's a little unique for most of our mills, is it was built by Hammermill and it was built as two distinct process lines. So many years later, it makes the conversion to one product on one line co-existing with another product on another line, actually a pretty good fit versus mills that were built to be multi-line mills with a common pulp mill and a common backend. So it's really working in our favor now.
Mark S. Sutton: That's not on our radar screen right now, given the two things, one is, it's probably the best place in the world to make high quality uncoated freesheet and it's – we competitively export it around the world. And two, you've got to look at the forest, and most of the Brazilian softwood is spoken for, would take a long time to plant and grow, and you got mostly eucalyptus forest. So the fiber basket is really conditioned for hardwood based grade, so at least in the near future.
Glenn R. Landau: I think that's roughly in the ballpark, there is certainly a sequential uplift, George, quarter-over-quarter.
Glenn R. Landau: There'll be an equity earnings line and we will also get, from a cash basis, a $25 million dividend.
Glenn R. Landau: So, essentially it would be broken down, so 19% of that would be in shares and the remaining would be in cash.
Glenn R. Landau: Yes. This is Glenn speaking. Again, we'll lay out the full view of 2018 either later in the quarter or after the end of the year. But as we look at our outage schedule into next year, we have a heavy outage schedule coming at us as we move, continually move forward into our 18-month outage program. So net-net, we can expect higher outages next year, but we did not quantify that for today.
Glenn R. Landau: Yeah, I think you're right on target, Gail. Certainly there will be some stranded overhead that we're going to put our energy around mitigating to the largest extent. We will plan to keep that at the corporate line next year as we work it down. We haven't quantified that exactly yet, but that's an expectation that was factored into all the analysis.
Glenn R. Landau: And, Debbie, in relation to the EMEA question, you're correct, couple factors. One is the seasonality in the third quarter that we spoke to, relative to box demand. The other factor is we are in the full conversion of the Madrid mill and we didn't have any – or didn't have material newsprint sales or production in the quarter, which put some stress on fixed cost absorption.
Glenn R. Landau: Okay. So essentially if we sold the business outright, we would basically have a $1.2 billion (58:47) tax basis on the $1.8 billion and we'd pay 38% of that. On any appreciation above and beyond that, down – two years down the road, we do have a tax receivable agreement in place, so that would allow us to get an offset since there would be a – that we would have a gain, but the JV would also have a tax basis step up in the amount equal to that gain realized by us. So basically Graphic [Packaging] would pay us the NPV of 50% of that gain back. So, there is an offset on the accretion of the deal on taxes that we would pay if we exited our original tax exposure, less the basis.
Tim S. Nicholls: On Riverdale, I'll start with that – hey. Start with Riverdale and then I'll go back to your previous question and Glenn may have something he wants to add. But on Riverdale, we know this internally, a machine is not a machine, a mill is not a mill, and so, it depends on what you're trying to do. This is going to be a two-ply sheet. It's a bit more of a sophisticated – I mean, we understand that we've done it before, but sophisticated investment. And when you look at it on an annual ton basis, we still think it's very attractive with very attractive return. So, we're going to be making a whitetop liner, not a brown product as the lead product on the machine. So, I think it's understandable on that basis. Your inflation question, I mean just from a box standpoint and Industrial Packaging standpoint, we work with our customers all the time on trying to help them take cost out of their system. And we do it through a number of means. We have technical experts inside. We're either looking at case erecting equipment or we're looking at process flow. So it's pretty much ongoing. And we don't often talk about it, but just in general inflation internally to the business, we have a significant lift every year that we have to try to cover and then have initiatives that create value on top of that. So I'm not familiar with the conference you're referencing or the comments, but that's just a little color on what we do.
Tim S. Nicholls: It varies from year-to-year, but it's significant. I mean, it's over $100 million. So – and then in recent years, medical cost have jumped up a little bit, so it's not uncommon for us to have $120 million to $130 million of just general inflation built into the business that we have to cover.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Mark, Tim. I don't know that my crystal ball or our crystal ball is any better than anyone else's. I think that we believe that there may be some elements in the China market that are starting to buy again. I think there was a period of review given permit levels and making sure that no one exceeded a permit level in China for this year, caused a bit of review and maybe a cessation of some part of purchases. And now, it may be that some of that is starting to come back as we approach the end of the year. But I think the full effect of what's happened in China is still rippling through the North American market. So, in big picture terms, I think OCC goes higher, it's hard to put an exact time on it until we see exactly what China does around not only re-issuing permits, but at what levels.
Tim S. Nicholls: That's a great question. I think it's a bit of wait and see. I don't know that we would say we have any differential capability that anyone else does not have, it's a challenge, it's at very low level. I think it's going to impact some grades of waste fiber more than others obviously. But yeah, it's very low and I don't know how that ultimately gets worked out.
Tim S. Nicholls: Demand has been good. We're having a very solid October so far. And you know it's a tough comp given what happened seasonally last year. Yeah, we exited the quarter higher on pricing. We were probably $8 to $10 above what the average there is in the appendix. And we think we're getting full realization on both of the – both the $40 from last fall and the $50 from the spring. If you recall, there's a little bit of – it's customer-by-customer, but some customers were not impacted by the published down early last year. And so, instead of getting a $40 or $50 they got, you know, $25 to $35 depending on the movement. The other thing is, it did not apply to all tons. If you're looking at the number and thinking that it's below the $90, there's still a little bit more realization to go and some of the segments like agriculture, pricing was already set as price increase announcements came through and so that will catch up over time.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah, we don't talk about forecasting price going forward. I can share a little bit about the type of internal dynamics in general that we look at when we consider pricing. There's a number of macro factors that go into that consideration, but it's not just a numbers exercise. So we try to think both tactically and strategically about pricing and how we want to manage through cycles. So we were looking at a number of factors, OCC cost being one of them, and trying to take into account – at the end of the day what we're trying to do is we're trying to grow margins sustainably. And so all of the decisions that we take, whether it's commercially or operationally is about creating value and doing it on a sustainable basis.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. A good question. Well, we like Riverdale, it's a good mill, it's in a good fiber basket, and it's got good access to all the geographies that are important to us. So we like the mill a lot. It's got a great team there. And so we're excited to have those team members become a part of Industrial Packaging. What was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, yeah, comparing it to brown and white really doesn't make a whole lot of sense. From a white standpoint, we think it'll be first quartile. So we'll get a cost advantage. It's going to be a very high quality sheet. So just everything about it looked good, and as Mark said, it does free up other machines that were producing whitetop for us, they now produce brown, and so we get a benefit there as well.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. We've been tight all year, Gail. In fact it's starting with Hurricane Matthew last fall and working through that and then Pensacola as you managed, and now two hurricanes that impacted two different containerboard mills. So it's tight, we're managing it, we're getting better at how we manage it. I think we're on steady footing at the moment. And I expect us – when you run tight, you build capability. And so I think we've demonstrated to ourselves that we can run with lower levels than we've carried in the past. One wrinkle in all of that is what's happening with the transportation markets, which have been somewhat disrupted due to the same influences but also a lot tighter, given what some of the rail lines are doing around business model, but also trucking. So when supply chain delivery times start stretching out, then we need to start working with more inventory to support our network.
Tim S. Nicholls: Tough comp, but we are running on an absolute basis up about 4% so far through the month. So it feels very strong to us right now.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hey Chip, it's Tim. Yeah. That's exactly the play, move it from where it's being produced today, get a better cost structure, get a very high quality sheet, and then free up those assets that are currently running it today to run other products. So that's exactly the play. On the conversion, we said mid-2019, the long lead time on all of that is finishing the detailed engineering, getting the equipment on order, getting the equipment delivered, getting everything ready to go from a project standpoint, the actual conversion really doesn't take that long, 30 to 45 days and it can come off of uncoated freesheet and be back up on containerboard.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yes. So it's absolutely right, Mark. We currently produce whitetop at two other mills in our system, and we would move all of that to Riverdale, and then have the benefit of producing other products at those two mills.
Tim S. Nicholls: It'll increase a little bit incrementally, it's just – they'll be producing products that are easier to produce, and so we should be able to squeeze a little bit more volume out of those two mills.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah we're actually – yeah. I mean, like any point in time in a business like converting, there's things moving in and things moving out. So, we had taken some decisions that hit us earlier. We also have some new business that's coming in, that hasn't been fully ramped up yet. So, I attribute it to just timing. And you'll see our growth numbers go up as we go through the next couple of quarters with those wins coming in.
Tim S. Nicholls: A little bit, but it was – it hit us for about 7,000 tons. So, big enough but not significant in a way.
Tim S. Nicholls: I can start with Brazil. Yeah, we had a slightly better quarter, which was good to see in Brazil, volume was a little bit better. We've actually been performing quite well on a volume standpoint. Our operations ran very well during the quarter in Brazil as well. We're nowhere near where we want to be, but it seems like the economy was starting to pick up a little bit more and volume was beginning to recover.
Tim S. Nicholls: It took a little bit of a hit early in the quarter on protein, given all of the disruption from the news that you – I'm sure you've seen, related to some of the political scandals. But that didn't turn out to be as bad as we thought it might and actually recovered through the quarter. But it's fairly broad based. It just seems like economic activity is picking up broadly in Brazil over the past quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls: No, it's fairly neutral to us. We do purchase a little bit of medium through trades and so it has a modest negative impact, but it's not substantial by any means. And most of our contracts on the box side are in terms of price pass through and what not are linerboard based, there's a few that have a medium component but not many.
Tim S. Nicholls: I think that it gives us tremendous optionality. So we look out in time and there's still good demand on the uncoated freesheet side of the business for number 16 and – but we have the option at a point in time further down the road of thinking about other uses for it.
Tim S. Nicholls: No. I mean, we do that in a number of places across the system where we have a landlord and tenant making multiple products, we know how to do that. So, I don't – it actually works quite well in terms of covering all the fixed costs that are in there in everything. We did look at a point in time, what a conversion would look like, and so, we know that and it's just a matter of understanding what the business need is to support our customer growth at a point in time.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Hi, Steve. Jean-Michel speaking. Good morning. I think there is a couple of things to look at. First of all, there's a big mix effect, too, in the price of pulp because you get a price, which includes fluff, which includes softwood in general, so sometimes it doesn't appear really like it is, because if you just take fluff, our realization is more like $65. So, it's kind of high of what you have here. The other thing is, we have – when we take what happen usually in the market, but then what happened this year is after the contract negotiation in 2016 and that's a (24:48) question of rebate or whatever, in general, the prices went down in Q1. So, when we compare to last year, you have to be careful because you have the drop of $20 in Q1 that we have tendency to forget. So, if you take December to today or quarter-to-quarter, you have the increase was down, plus the drop, which will make up for. So, the actual price increase realization is more around $65.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: So, to be honest with you, this is a – it's a complicated and complex question. Some customers wants to work with an index. And the reason is relatively logical, which is because we do multi-year contracts. And they feel that it's better with an index. But I'm not always sure that an index and a discount is the right way to make price. Even if when you look at the long-term, ultimately it comes to the same number. But we don't sell on the index. Let's not forget that we have a lot of customers, which are list price quarter-to-quarter or monthly price, so the mix of contracts, list price, is always another difficulty to do, but I understand your point. This being said, as of today, we haven't found a better way to look on very long-term contract pricing, that doesn't mean we're not trying to find one.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Hi, Jean-Michel speaking again. Yes, you're correct, we are in the middle of – almost the end actually, the contract renegotiation. Some are more than one year, so every year roughly we do have 30% to 40% of our contracts, which are being renewed. It's really customer per customer, because it will depend of the volume they want, the product they want, the mix, so it's difficult to give a trend. I will say so far our renewal, which is the most important, because it shows the confidence from our customers is going very well. So I think that's the first thing, that means the customers are satisfied with new GCF. And this is what we wanted to achieve first and foremost. And then customer per customer really it varies tremendously.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Yeah. So, let me come back. We produced roughly 3.5 million metric tons, (45:55) most, we have on that about 65% fluff and specialty and 35% market pulp. So, they, as you know, move differently. The market pulp moves faster even if in the NBSK from Grande Prairie, we work a lot with contracts too because NBSK from Grande Prairie is very, very well appreciated. When you look at the upbeat on (46:23) prices compared to when we started the year, it's big, it's already in our number now, but you can see it, it does create an amount, which is maybe not far from the number you mentioned. And it's in our number now. I don't think there's – maybe a little bit more if Q4 continue to be strong like that. So, yes, it is a strong dynamic. I mean, if you take a 3.5 million metric tons and you get just $20 increase, that's $70 million dollars, so any increase in pulp is very strong for us.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: No, you won't have on 2018 from what we've announced in 2017. 2017, what we announced will be done by the end of the year. When we have a contract that moves, they – even if they are for one year, they are – most of them, most of them again is generality, a quarterly revision with index. So, the time you get it, it's sometimes six months that you get it. And so far, most of our increase have been on the first half of the year. So, we're getting it this quarter, and so we got another 15 and we're planning to get on average another 10 or something like that, all grade included for next quarter.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: The average annual curve will be there, yes, because we've been very strong on the second half, if you compare to first half.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: That's a very good question because I think, it's sustainable in the condition of – because they don't have the choice right now. I'm sure if they had more OCC or recycling product they could use, they would probably mix it up. So it's more a question of, is the OCC or is the recycled products going to be more available in China than anything. In terms of is it possible, it is. Actually, you see in China that all grade prices are going up, so it's not only pulp or OCC, it's all the grades because pulp and other raw materials are more expensive, it has gone through and prices are up. Is it sustainable? I can't tell you that, I don't know. Really no idea. I mean if we stay like we are today in terms of what's going on with the imports or what's going on with the government limiting the recycle, it could stay for some time.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: Because in fluff pulp, we don't see that impact. Fluff pulp is linked to the – and consumer consumption, and they use fluff, they cannot swing from something to another. So, the fluff pulp market worldwide continues to be very wealthy with a 4% to 5% growth. And we are growing about 4% to 5% as the market. So, I think this is one thing you have to separate from the market pulp. The market pulp is today probably, I would say, more shake up than it should be, because there is a lot of things as you were mentioning both from the demand standpoint and from the supply standpoint, which are all going out in tightening it up. How long it's going to last? I don't have a crystal ball, I don't know, but I do think with time that pressure should not be as big as it is right now.
Jean-Michel Ribiéras: So, I think it is always a question of supply/demand as you know. And they will lack (53:04) some trends, but fluff is always much less cyclical. So, when the market pulp goes very, very high, very, very fast, we go, but because – not so fast. And when the market goes down, we don't go down as fast either. So, it's a less cyclic market. Then, of course, you have some products with sawmill which can go from fluff to SBSK (53:34) for example, so that can impact one market or the other. So this is more why I think you've seen some trend following each other. I kind of think that with time it could be that that link separates a little bit more.
Chris D. Manuel: Are there not kind of contracts for example on the two-thirds that you make that's in the fluff side that those are generally locked for a year and then they get reset the following year or I guess for a bonus (47:15), I don't feel like that's all been realized when we look at spot versus contract in the numbers.
Chris D. Manuel: So, is there another substantial step-up, perhaps, in 2018? That's what I'm really trying to get at.
Chris D. Manuel: Was there anything potentially hurricane-related, that you had a bigger footprint through a region or something of that nature but...
