Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim. This is an exciting time for International Paper. Our team is focused on Building a Better IP and accelerating performance. And while I'm mindful that there are real concerns on the macro environment, I'm very optimistic about the path we're charting to accelerate value creation, and let me share a few of the reasons why I'm optimistic.  First, I'm confident in our earnings outlook for the year and our ability to deliver strong earnings growth in 2022. Additionally, our focused portfolio and narrower geographic footprint has enabled our teams to focus on building a better IP. This is the first quarter in which we reported the earnings benefits from these initiatives. I'm very pleased with our progress and our momentum. We're on track to deliver $200 million to $225 million of incremental gross earnings this year.  And lastly, during the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength. We view this as foundational because it enables the execution of our capital allocation framework, which has a clear objective to accelerate value creation for our shareowners. We have a clear path and the team to make it happen.  Before we move to the question-and-answer segment, let me express my appreciation to Guillermo Gutierrez for his work heading up Investor Relations. Guillermo is moving to a new leadership role as Vice President and General Manager, leading our Latin American Packaging business. Mark Nelson has been named the new Vice President of Investor Relations. Mark has been with International Paper for 30 years and has served in leadership roles in finance and in general management. This transition is underway. So once again, many thanks to you, Guillermo.  With that, operator, we are ready to take questions.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. Yes, it's two parts. One is making sure we have our production system well aligned and we struggled a bit last year. That's in much better shape, so our sales and marketing allowed to secure business. And the second piece is, as you mentioned, making sure we align the incentives with margin improvement, the right customer mix. So there's different objectives for different parts of the sales force around growing new business in new segments, and others have a different set of objectives around growing in existing accounts.  We have an active mix and margin improvement team. Some of the data analytics that Tim mentioned are really centered around really understanding the full answer to the question, how and where do we make the most money? When you think about converting, you have hours of productive machine time to sell to the market. Optimizing the use of that time across the right customers and segments and then making sure, of course, you're pricing for value, all of that is actively part of what we're refreshing and improving.  I think the #1 thing we need for our sales force is the investment in our converting operations so that we have the capacity in the right geography of where the actual demand is. And we're making improvement on that. That will continue for as far as you can see.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. That's a great question, and the answer is no. We didn't walk away from business. The overachievement in price realization is just getting more price in certain segments of our customer mix during the first quarter than we expected. And that has a lot to do with the final negotiation of implementation and all of those types of things. On the larger customers, it tends to be a little more predictable because it's contractual in terms of time.  I think one of the things you got to think about with respect to IP and the volume challenges, when we look at some of the customer issues, labor issues our customers have, when you think about the large food and protein producers on both, R&D, e-commerce producers, they had a very difficult time staffing everything in the month of January and it bled into February, and that reflected in our numbers.  So we didn't give up any volume, and we are now working to replenish their inventories because they were not running as full as they would like to. So part of it is just, we're in every segment, we're very large, and we get impacted by not only our own internal situation but in a single quarter over a 3-month period, what our customer flows back on us. So no volume give-up and just a better performance in getting each and every customer's price up.
Mark Sutton: Yes, Anthony, great question. It's obviously a hard one to predict and we're not any better at it than anyone. But I think the one thing we're looking at in terms of where we were 90 days ago when we gave our full year outlook is the wildcard on where energy is going to be for the rest of the year because energy is an input to most of our inputs. And so we are seeing that higher for longer. So yes, some of this additional pricing will be necessary. We didn't see that, I don't think anyone saw that at the end of January.  I hope we're wrong on it because then we got much more opportunity for margin expansion. We're very confident on the pricing side that's being implemented right now. It's a judgment call on our view of energy. We don't try to do too much on our own. We look at strips. We look at the inputs to the chemical industry and the other things we use.  And then the last piece of energy is the flow-through to diesel fuel and our impact on transportation. So it's our best look right now. But we believe what Tim said, we believe in terms of principle that our pricing will overcome our input cost. As we sit here at the end of April, this is what we see for the rest of the year. I would imagine there'll be some adjustments as we sit here at the end of July, talking about whether or not energy actually did what everybody thinks it's going to do or not.
Mark Sutton: I think it's really all inclusive of what we've been talking about for the last several quarters, getting paid for the value of the absorbent pulp. And I think you can start to see that as certain proof points of that out in the marketplace relative to absorbent pulp pricing versus market pulp pricing. And then how we operate the business, what we make available to long-term strategic customers and to shorter-term customers in different parts of the world. And then the final piece is where we are now, working actively with our very large strategic market-leading customers to improve the overall commercial conditions of these longer-term contracts, and that is set and underway now. It will go through the rest of the year. It will set us up for a very good position going into '23 and beyond. So it's a simple principle that in many cases, we just didn't fully exercise, and that is making sure our value is understood and then getting proper compensation for the value that we provide and the technical nature of the product. And that's what we're doing and I'm really happy with the progress.  I'll reiterate what Tim said, business will be solidly at slightly above cost of capital for the entire second half of the year, which sets us up very well for 2023. And we shouldn't have to be talking about whether the business is at a value-creating level of returns for very much longer.
Mark Sutton: Yes. We've set our internal targets. What I've said externally is businesses got the potential to be at value-creating levels of return. I just mentioned in answering Anthony's question that that's -- we're just about there in the second half of this year, and you'll have to see it to believe it, I understand that. And we're well positioned for the business to be at that level of performance now like in 2022. So it's right upon us.
Mark Sutton: So John, Tim mentioned in his remarks when we were going -- when he was going through Industrial Packaging and he talked about the box -- IP box number but he also talked about the U.S. channels to the corrugated market. He explained what those were. On the slide, there's a minus 0.8 year-over-year. But that part, so that's the total U.S. channels minus 0.8 with a box number of minus 4.  So what we didn't say is the rest of the channels is open market containerboard and our equity partnerships through sheet feeders. And we were up 14% year-over-year in that part of the channel. So participating in the end-use box market, while we had certain issues and our customers had certain issues, other channels through containerboard and through these sheet feeders were better positioned.  Some of that was geographic. Some of that was size of account and size of customer. But our access to the U.S. packaging market, I think, is best viewed through that U.S. channels market. And so we offset some of our issues in our own box-making operations with those other channels such that our overall exposure was down just about 1%.
Mark Sutton: First part of your question, Dave, yes, we are seeing, as you expected, increased demand for export. Port congestion is a timing issue for getting it there in a reasonable time but the demand is picking up. Our output is in much better shape. We had a good year of annual outages in '21 after a choppy 2020 because of COVID and construction availability, plus we've got the big issues behind us that affected our containerboard output all the way through our box plants.  So we've got more containerboard to sell through all the channels. Still working very hard to manage the part that goes offshore through the ports.  Look, we like our North American mill system. We think it's globally competitive for the long term. We don't get too excited about short-term trends of high, high OCC or low, low OCC. The business model we have and the mix we have between virgin mills and recycled mills and the overall fiber makeup, we have renewable natural resources coming into our company. We convert them, making most of our own energy in a carbon-neutral way, and we make corrugated boxes that are recycled. And I think that business model is a strong, strong business model from a profitability standpoint and a sustainability standpoint.  All the other discussions about recycled in different parts of the world, I'll start with that. You have to be a renewable natural resource that's virgin fiber to even have a discussion about recycled. And we are well positioned at about 65% wood fiber coming in, 35% recovered paper, making most of our own energy, I really feel very strong and our customers do as well about our sustainable business model.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think it's an ongoing discussion around the business is a good business so therefore, it attracts interested parties. And I think the way you protect your business is you perform very well and you ingratiate yourself with your customers to the point where you're an integral part of their value chain. It's one thing to say, "I'm going to build a containerboard mill." It's another thing to supply hundreds and hundreds of locations for a large e-commerce customer or reliably supply, every day of the week, a local business of multiple different grades of containerboard made into boxes that they need, not just 1.  So I think it really starts with the whole value chain and making sure that from a customer looking back into IP, and there are others that are very good at this as well, that we have the relationship with our customers and all the supply chain services, all the things that make a business relationship sticky is, I think, the best defense. Everything else is table stakes: lowering your cost, operating safely and environmentally sound and all those things. But I really think it matters how you deal with your customers overthinking.  And I think if you think about COVID in 2020 and 2021, we did some amazing things with and for our customers that they're going to remember for a very long time when the next great thing comes knocking at the door.
Mark Sutton: I just want to reiterate a few closing comments. Very confident and very optimistic about the future of IP. We have a strong 2022 earnings growth outlook. We're making very good progress and momentum as we focus on our initiatives around Building a Better IP, and we have a very strong balance sheet. The company is as strong as it's ever been financially. All of this accelerates value creating for our shareowners.  So thank you very much for your interest in International Paper. We look forward to speaking with you again soon.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you have the amount correct and there's no expectation of further dividends being paid this year.
Timothy Nicholls: It's Tim. So Prattville really was not much of an issue at all for stock availability. We were able to run the mill partially before getting it back up full. So I wouldn't say that was a big item in the first quarter. It certainly hurt in the fourth quarter of last year. And we started off the quarter, from a box demand standpoint, near double-digit decline in January. We had the Omicron situation. We were having staffing issues because of people contracting COVID and being away from work, our customers, as Mark said, similarly, and so production lines for us and for some of our large accounts were not running as they normally would be.  That began improving as we exited January and went into February. But I would say there was still a residual in February, and then by March, it was starting to feel more normal again. We had lines coming back up, and we were able to run our system not entirely to its full potential but more in line than certainly what it had been in January.  April is starting off kind of as expected. The recovery continues. And so we'll see how things shake out as we close the month in the next few days. But our cutup looks right in line with expectations that we have for Q2 in total.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I think if you look at our outlook slide, you can see that the business, given all the puts and takes, is roughly expecting same level of performance in the second quarter than we had in the first. So there's a number of dynamics, but rather than going through all of those, I think the earnings expectations, what's important is right in line with first quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, for us, it was across the entire supply chain. So it was how we were getting more to our box plants, how we were able to convert it and then move finished product to customers and their ability to consume the product and need replenishment. So it was throughout the entire supply chain.
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think so. It's just a matter of normalizing some of these disruptions, and we feel like we've -- we're doing a good job doing that. And transportation is going to continue to be an issue, but in terms of growing, we don't see an issue.
Timothy Nicholls: It's hard to say. We're finalizing last bits of Prattville and whatnot, so I wouldn't predict at this point.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I don't have detailed numbers off the top of my head, Mark. We do some farm-outs. We do some of them because it's just more economical in the grand scheme to either put it in one of our sheet plants or if there's not an IPG plant locally available to use, a partner in terms of fulfilling certain orders. We flex that up and down. It's not super structural to the business. It's more just using marginal economics in terms of how we run a very large system.
Timothy Nicholls: We probably did some last year as we were going through some of the board constraint issues that we had, just given the system. But I would say it is situational. And again, it's there but I wouldn't say that it's hugely material to the size of the business that we have.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we don't have hard numbers but inventory is in a very good position right now. And it's really important. Coming out of the fourth quarter and the first quarter, it being the heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year and maybe the heaviest one we've ever had, which takes production offline as we take these mills down for maintenance. We had inventories in a good place and we exited the quarter with inventories in a good place. So we feel good about how we're positioned right now.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. I mean, we're a long way from 2023 in terms of getting into details. I do think that given what we've been able to do to restore where we are from an inventory standpoint and how the facilities are actually running in the environment, given also past price increases now, we're beginning to start the March 2022 price increase, we're well positioned as we go into the second half of the year and feel good about the springboard for 2023.  Remind me the first part of your question again, I'm sorry.
Timothy Nicholls: $40 million. So we had -- we were carrying into the year roughly $94 million, close to $100 million in dis-synergies. And we feel like through the work that we've done in the quarter on an annualized basis, we've covered that.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. So we're not carrying tons of inventory. What we're doing is modulating how the mill is run based on availability of transportation logistics. And the challenge has been for some time now and continues, as I've referenced in some of the prepared remarks, just reliability of ocean vessels being super low and then also vessel delays, meaning they arrive at a port and they're ready to be unloaded, and that's historically been about 1 day and now, on average, they're waiting 5. So it's just getting products through the supply chain, but we're modulating how we run the system so that we're producing ultimately what we can get through the supply chain.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it depends on what happens with ocean freight. We export 90% of what we make, and so it depends on what's going to happen with containers and vessels for the balance of the year. But I mean, probably in line, yes, but I mean, a lot of questions around how supply chain is going to work.
