Mark Sutton: Mark, this is Mark. That’s a great question. There is a qualitative piece to that slide and there’s a quantitative piece that’s internal and some other metrics we use. I’ll ask Tom to kind of give you a perspective on what that slide kind of represents in terms of how we feel demand has been evolving and different spots in the supply chain that have been a hard for anybody and everybody to call in terms of where inventory actually resides along the value chain. So Tom, if you could share a bit on that.
Mark Sutton: That’s a really good question, Mark. I – we kind of anticipated that, that question. What you see is a perfect example of the specific back patterns in two different parts of international paper. What Clay described is the best cost position for GCF was to take the Pensacola Mill down and then maximize production at the other mills. The – those mills are a 100% virgin fiber, so the marginal cost actions you have to take at the other mills to load them up. And the fact that you can sell green energy when you’re running full at those mills led us to one set of decisions. So far in containerboard because the marginal cost profile of the other containerboard mills, the ones you wouldn’t idle permanently or completely involve a huge mix of we’re 65, 35 urgent and recycle. So you ramp up recycled fiber, you have physical logistics challenges based on where the other mills are. So far, we believe the way we’ve been doing it for IP for our containerboard system has resulted in the lowest marginal cost. There’s a question mark though about the duration of this type of mismatch between our capacity and our order book. And as we learn more about that and we now believe we’ve seen the bottom of the demand decline in destocking, we will then evaluate what does the upturn look like? And then if there’s a different decision to be made and marginal cost have changed through the year where it’s not as expensive to load up those other mills, you would see us make a different decision. And so that, that’s how we try to operate it. And you can see an example of two different methods in two different parts of the same company that have different marginal cost attributes based on the products we’re making.
Mark Sutton: Hi Cleve, this is Mark. That’s a really good question. It’s – unfortunately, it’s not one thing. I think what we need to see the earnings recovery is the kind of structure between price and cost, which obviously has a volume component to it that drives our margin structure back north of 20%. So what we do to track that is we look at – in the case of packaging, we used to be there a lot of the time. In the case of this GCF business, we were – we’re working our way to that kind of margin structure that yields – returns that are well above at least 200 basis points above cost of capital. And so what we do is we break that down into just a simple EBITDA per ton for everybody to focus on. And there are components of that number that are purely commercial, who we sell to and at what price that are somewhat macro related, i.e., the amount of volume available in the market that we can compete for. And then there’s the wealth of areas to work on in the cost area. And what’s changed for IP is the demand that really ramped up and pulled forward was accompanied by a number of price increases that it took us longer to get them through based on the customer mix we had and contractual responsibilities. But the inflationary impact of our cost structure didn’t wait for that. So we had a classic margin squeeze that we have to undo now. So that’s really what’s got to happen. Obviously, a lot of it is a market that is not declining at the rate it started to decline. For all the reasons we talked about, maybe not the end consumer, but the destocking effect and all of that. That started about this time last year or in August of last year in earnest. And it’s hard to get out from under that quickly when you’ve got sticky inflation that has flowed through to labor cost and all of those things in your supply chain. So I think that’s what’s got to happen in most of those efforts. We don’t control the overall demand, but we are confident in both product lines being facing a long-term growth profile. What we do control is who we sell to and at what price and how we operate our manufacturing facilities to be first quartile type cost producer of these types of products. And so we’ve got efforts and focus on all of those initiatives and I’m very confident we’ll get back to the levels of earnings and returns and then grow from there.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark. I’ll start on that. Just on the dividend question, it’s a very fair question. It’s one we get, if you just look at the numbers and the map, the long-term plan is 40% to 50% of free cash flow. We know that occasionally that’ll be tested and this is kind of a really odd set of cyclical dynamics that are really testing it, but we’re very confident in the medium and long-term cash flow potential, the generation potential of the company. And if the dividend is at the upper end of a range for a short period of time, we’re comfortable with that. We know we can grow back into it with future cash flows. So as Tim said in his prepared remarks, we’re committed to the dividend. That’s what that means. It’s not just a formulaic commitment for international paper. We believe in talking with our shareholders, especially the people who hold our shares for a long period of time, the dividend’s very important to them. So that’s why we’re committed to it, not just when it’s easy and it fits into a metric, but we’re committed to it in good times and we’re committed to it in stress times. And as far as the levers to pull and what happened with the guidance and what we could do that we’re not doing, I’ll ask Tim to comment a little bit on that. But just so I’m clear on how we think about the dividend. We don’t get nervous when we’re at the upper end, just like we don’t look at arbitrarily doing something when we’re on the lower end that might be also a cyclical dynamic. It’s something that we believe we can handle over time and that we’ll grow very nicely back into a more normal range. Tim, if you would add a few comments on the second part of this question about levers to pull.
Mark Sutton: Yes. I think Tim, that was exactly what I was something you would cover is that we have the levers, we can pull them if and when we want to, but I’ll just finish that point that Tim made about the investments. A lot of the investments that we’re doing now. Unlike in the past, are in our box business, in our converting operations. And so you ask why am I confident about future cash flows is because those investments we’re making today will produce a lot of those future cash flows in 2024, 2025 and 2026. And so it’s not a lot of the spending on normal maintenance and normal protection of current cash flows, a fair amount of it is about future cash flows. And that's what's different about the quality of the capital investment number that Tim cited versus maybe in the past where we were doing some things that needed to be done, but didn't have a real connection to a lot of future cash flows.
Mark Sutton: Matt, that's a good question. Clay and his team are all over really understanding this whole substitution phenomenon. Clay, if you can comment on what we know about that and how [indiscernible].
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everyone for your time today and for your continued interest in International Paper. We outlined some exciting initiatives that are focused on the future of the company and catalyst for some of our future earnings growth. So I look forward to updating you on our progress during our next call. Have a great day.
Tom Hamic: Sure. Right. Good morning, Mark. This is Tom Hamic. We take a subset of customers and that subset of customers is consistent of [indiscernible] we talked to them about how they see their demand patterns, but also what their inventory levels are for not only boxes, but finished goods. And so that’s what you see flowing through here. It’s not – we have a representative sample, but it’s not 60% of the customer base. It’s kind of leaders in the segments that we look at. I think when you talk about destocking, it’s been pretty consistent flowing through our system like we expected. And I think what you can see going back to Q4 is that consistency is based on the customer feedback. So these both pieces are matching up very well. We’re going to – we finished Q2 about where we expected, so we was up 2% sequentially in terms of shipments per day and we’re seeing an improvement into June, no, excuse me, into July of mid-single digits. So I think that’s very reflective of kind of this curve of destocking or overstocking going away over time.
Tom Hamic: Well, the mid-single digit is a positive from quarter-to-quarter. That’s sequential. I think that that ties out to about a flat to minus 2% growth in the third quarter or in really more July. So we flowed through more strongly through the second quarter that’s continuing now, and I think that is a pretty good representation of how our customers are viewing it.
Tom Hamic: Sure. George, this is Tom. I – we look at scanner data as well, but we also look at we try and push it down to what is box intensive, so what uses boxes. Our analysis would suggest that the retail channel of that space is somewhere between minus 2% year-over-year and plus 1%. The difficulty obviously is taking the revenue line, which is what you normally get, and then, okay, what is inflation for this set of goods? But if you take a broad range that’s about where it comes out, I would say that when you look at the perishability of the segments, so think of a segment that produce that’s been the most resilient, that’s been our strongest segment exiting Q3 relative to the past. But the ones that are struggling are exactly what you said non-durables and durables. And I think it’s because the shelf life is so long that they built up their supply chain and cover for risk. And now obviously they’re going to have to pull it down further. But I don’t think that the health of the consumer beyond the goods recession that we’ve talked about will negatively impact box demand in a material way.
Tom Hamic: I think that’s exactly right. I mean, I think about the classic motor oil in the department store, that’s not going to time out, but during the pandemic, you could see people stocking that type of thing up. And so I think you’ve got multiple places where people talk.
Tom Hamic: Yes, I think we’re going to see through the third quarter and into the fourth quarter, getting back to normal. I think this destocking is a big effect. And so we expect the demand to normalize and you’ll see a much better second half of the year, substantially better second half of the year than the first half relative to year-over-year. And I think somebody pointed out that the year-over-year comps get easier, but even with that, we see continued strengthening through the balance of the year.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Thanks, George. So we look at the price carryover impact but I hesitate to quantify it for a lot of reasons, but one in particular is just we’re sorting through mix and mix is going to change and so the price impact won’t be the same on a different mix than the one that we had as the price has changed. In terms of initiatives, I think you heard characterized on the call all of the things that we’re working on in the moment, but there are also strategic initiatives that we’re working on that are going to drive better results on the commercial side and also on the call side. So I – we typically give our outlook when we do the fourth quarter call at the beginning of the year. And I think we’ll stick to that, but we feel pretty good about what’s going on in the company and the way of self-help that will mitigate that carryover that that that we’re going to see as we go into 2024.
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Hey, Anthony. Just a couple of points that I think are important. First of all, as we referenced the $500 million to $600 million includes the settlement payment for timber monetization, which was almost $200 million in the first quarter. And so that’s a one-time item and not to repeat. The other item is we’re going to invest more capital this year than we have since before the pandemic. And at the beginning of the year, we put out a range of 1 to 1.2 really with the – normally, we’re tighter than that, but just given supply chain delays and difficulties, we had struggled to invest as much as we wanted the past couple of years. And so anticipating that it could be that way, again, it was kind of the 1 billion and things freed up, it could be as high as 1.2. Well, things have freed up and so we tighten the range, we’re later in the year of course, but we tighten the range and the way projects are being deployed, it could push that upper limit on 1.2. So I think that’s important relative to the free cash flow. On the go forward basis, it’s back to what we were talking about earlier in terms of initiatives, a big portion of the initiatives we’re working on are cost. And so we think we’re getting traction on that and we think there’s a lot more to call back. Working capital is something we focus on pretty intently. And then capital if we need to we have – and I think we’ve demonstrated this over the years, we have an ability to flex our capital spend in moments. And certainly, that would be a consideration as well. So hopefully that helps.
Tim Nicholls: So Gabe, I appreciate the preference of the long question, if you would take out some of these questions, and I gave up halfway through. Big picture, what was different about the last price changes in the market and for IP that is different from what you would consider more normal is the rate of price movement, meaning three in a 12-month period, that type of thing was different for us. Some of our commercial arrangements had been constructed anticipating more like one price increase a year, with maybe two limits on how fast you can go through. So in some cases, we were still getting price increases this year, in some customers that the last price increase was early last year and it started declining in the fall. That was atypical in terms of a set of conditions. So the flow-through and the realization schedule looked a little different for IP than it has in the past. The balance of your question about going forward, I couldn't keep up with all of it. I would ask maybe just following up with Mark and IR to try to kind of model out what you were talking about in terms of the flow-through. And I think you used the term when we go price negative, but I'm not sure I followed all of that. But that's the one critical thing to think about is the rate of increases and the type of mix we have with a portion of our customer base, which that same customer base is more resilient right now, which is one of the reasons we're performing pretty well in the market on an absolute basis is because those types of customers tend to be market leaders with that come some additional challenges on abnormal commercial times like rapid price increases and those kind of things.
Tim Nicholls: Just, I think Mark is right, the timing on the approval is impossible in the gauge. Once approval were to be obtained, the flow-through on closing the transaction or preceding cash is very clear.
