John Faraci: Thanks, Tom, and good morning to everybody. If you'll let me just start off by saying we finished 2010 with a strong quarter. Earnings were almost at $0.68, almost 3x what they were in the fourth quarter last year. It's really on the back of solid volume, on price and cost performance. Margins, and this is important, expanded 240 basis points quarter-over-quarter, and we had very strong earnings in our Ilim joint venture in Russia.  Moving to the next slide, to put this in context. The fourth quarter for International Paper was the strongest fourth quarter that we've had in over 10 years. I don't say that to suggest that we're anywhere near our peak. We think we've got quite a bit of runway ahead of us as we go through 2011, which we'll talk about in the call. So just turning to full year results for a minute. The strong fourth quarter wrapped up a very good 2010. We really had, International Paper, a V-shaped recovery while the economy in the U.S. at least was recovering in more of a U-shape. Our low tide mark was the first quarter where we earned $0.05, and we came out of the year with a lot of momentum, with third and fourth quarter performance.  The earnings for the year were more than twice what they were last year at just over $2 compared to $0.88, free cash flow of $1.7 billion, margin expansion of 110 basis points. So we kind of ended the year with more margin expansion than we had for the full year, which is a good jumping off point for 2011. And significant return on investment improvement, which we'll talk about. More debt reduction and pension funding, and two increases in the dividend, the one early in the year and one late in the year, have now restored the dividend back to $0.75 from the $0.10 it was coming into the year.  2010 headlines. Sales up 8%, again, both volume and price; strong free cash flow even with higher levels of capital spending in 2010 compared to 2009. And the sales growth which also took -- that and capital took about $800 million of cash, and we still had strong free cash flow. Less than $9 billion of debt, a $4 billion reduction in debt over the last several years since we completed the Weyerhaeuser acquisition, that's over -- close to a 40% reduction in our debt and a healthy cash balance of just over $2 billion. And I think this all demonstrates that International Paper can generate very healthy cash flow in still what is I would characterize a recovering, not a fully recovered, economy. Just the next slide shows you where the revenue growth is coming from. And I think it's important because it underscores the global balance is becoming more and more part of International Paper. Our North American business has performed well. Sales growth was 6%. Outside North America, sales growth was double what it was in North America, 13%. And in our Ilim joint venture, our revenue growth, that's volume and prices, up 33%. So if you include Ilim in the whole package for a minute, our revenue growth outside North America was 3x what it was inside North America. And again, that's both volume and price.  Turning to the waterfall chart that shows you the EPS comparison of 2009 to 2010. The big levers stand out here: Price, volume, cost and Ilim. And the one negative, and it was a substantial negative, but we were able to overcome it during the year and still expand our margins, we had input cost pressure, primarily wood and OCC of over $1 a share.  So International Paper is a cash flow story and continues to be a cash flow story. Post-transformation plan in International Paper, we built a step-change capability in our free cash flow, and this slide here shows that. We've more than doubled our free cash flow pre-transformation from an average of about $900 million a year to $1.9 billion a year, if you look at the last three years. And this has obviously flowed through to our ability to improve our return on investment, which is a key metric for International Paper. We come out of 2010 going into 2011 with our returns, as we say, in the cost of capital zone. Our run rate ROI for third and fourth quarter was about 8%. That's twice its low point of 4% in the middle of the recession in 2009.  And from a macro perspective, I think I would characterize 2010 as a transition year, not nearly a mid-recycle year, because when we look at our Industrial Packaging business, our Coated Board business and xpedx, our three big businesses in North America, we don't see demand yet back to pre-recession levels. Eventually, it’ll get there. So Tim, I'll turn over to you.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim. Let me just quickly summarize again the fourth quarter. I think the slide here, and I'm looking at Slide 29, says it all. It was a good end to 2010. Again, I think we had a V-shaped recovery in our earnings performance and cash flow performance in kind of a U-shaped economic environment, certainly here in North America.  If we turn to the first quarter outlook, I guess I'd say, it's January. It's seasonally slow like it always is in January from a demand standpoint. You think the first quarter kind of looks like the fourth quarter. On all fronts, things are more or less stable, with the exception of fiber and energy, where we see some increase in cost, and we do see some improvement in the Ilim joint venture, because we're on that one quarter lag, but by and large, a kind of a stable and seasonally slow economic environment as we look at the first quarter. No surprises there. The 2011 outlook I think is quite positive. For a full year basis, we're quite positive to see good momentum. We think about 2011 as a breakout year. 2010 was a transition year coming out of the worst recession we'd had in 70 years and in our view is strong earnings improvement, ROI improvement in the cost of capital zone, and strong free cash flow to go with it. And global balance with all parts of the world contributing to International Paper. I think we'll stop right there, Tom, and take questions.
John Faraci: As I said, George, it's January, it's seasonally slow like it always is, and we don't have all the January numbers wrapped up. Actually, we're going to do that tomorrow morning.
John Faraci: George, that's a great example of 100 projects a year that Tim talked about that are part of our capital spending.
John Faraci: They’re not all 50% payback projects, I wish they were. We've got a good pipeline, it's not that good. You will get $100 million a year, and you got to do that to offset all the costs that go up. You got to put your capital to work to save, at least save, and we want to get ahead.
John Faraci: George, I'd add coated paperboard into that question about North America, that's a big important business of International Paper, and it's also in the cost of capital zone, and I'd add Europe, which includes Russia, Eastern Europe and Western Europe as well. So they're not all the big mature businesses. But to your point, we recognize those businesses for what they are. They're large markets. We've got good positions in them. We're going to stay in them, and I’d say that $1 billion is what we think capital spending will be to do two things: Take advantage of those cost-reduction projects, and we think we're pretty good at identifying and doing this stuff, and also keep our facilities competitive. And that's very important in any business, whether it's a mature one or a growing one. As far as leverage goes, we're committed to a balanced use of cash, and we've given you what our debt target is relative to EBITDA. And obviously, as EBITDA goes up, we've got more debt capacity, and we'll see how that plays out over the next several years. But we like where we are.
John Faraci: Gail, what makes us feel positive about the outlook for the Box business -- these are industry numbers now. Since the first part of 2008, box demand fell by 9% across the U.S. industry. It's up – can’t get around this -- it's up 4% in 2010. So we're still 6% down from pre-recession levels, and the economy is recovering. It's recovering at a slower rate than we'd like, but it's recovering. So we see good demand runway for these businesses in North America, whether it's coated paperboard, whether it's industrial packaging, or whether it's xpedx, as the economy continues to recover.
John Faraci: Gail, in some of our markets in the October time frame, we had nil nets above the domestic market, and that's going to differ around the world. So Carol’s right, there's still attractive margins.
John Faraci: It’s a good news story. It's not a one-year implementation, but over the next two, three years, we concluded there's a lot more earnings runway in xpedx than we thought there was.
John Faraci: Well, remember, Mark, that the Industrial Packaging business outside North America is only a box business. And in the integrated business, the margins are much larger. We run on an integrated basis, but if you dissect it, the margins are much larger in the mill system than they are in the converting system. So frankly, our non-U.S. box business in Europe outperforms our U.S. box business, which is a whole lot larger on a return on investment basis. So we really like the position that we developed over there, which is concentrated in Southern Europe, Northern Africa in fruit and vegetables, which is a virgin line of broad-based business. But we also like being a net buyer of recycled board in Europe as well.
John Faraci: This is pretty impressive. Box volume in Europe was up 7% in the fourth quarter compared to the fourth quarter last year. In Turkey, our box volume I think was up 20%. So we're growing that business organically, which is obviously the most profitable and best way to do it. And if we had an opportunity to make a bolt-on acquisition that met our financial criteria, we would look at it, but we don't feel we need to be in the board business.
John Faraci: No, not on the wood side. OCC prices obviously has been trending up, but our wood cost are doing the opposite. They don't come down very far in the winter time because of weather, but we've recovered a lot of the wood cost escalation and we’re kind of stuck in a rut now. Until residual chip supplies come back on, we probably can't bring wood cost down a whole lot further. But it will get better as the first quarter moves into the second quarter and we get the weather impact.
John Faraci: If you look at Page 61 on the appendix, Mark, you'll see that where we’ve got our fiber cost trends.
John Faraci: I'll let Mark Sutton, who is here, Anthony, who runs our Printing Papers business in North America, as well as Brazil, talk to that.
John Faraci: The thing to look at xpedx, Chip, is revenues per day. That's the key indicator, and then our operating expenses. Revenues per day prior to the recession were $30 million a day. They fell to $25 million. The fourth quarter it was $28.5 million. So revenues fell 19%, they're up 13%, but they're still down from pre-recession levels. And our operating expenses are back in the 80% range, which is where we want them in. With that equation, when sales come back, we'll be making some pretty good money. And as I've said, we’ve kind of concluded we have more earnings runway there over the next couple of years than we thought we had from a margin standpoint.
John Faraci: Chip, the trick in coated paperboard is get the mix right or run the mills well, and get the commercial side and pricing right and do all three at the same time. And we know how to do all three. We haven't been doing all three at the same time well until recently. We've now had two quarters of getting that right, as Tom said. Our EBITDA margins in that business can be as good as they are in industrial packaging and printing papers.
John Faraci: Tom, talk about the volume, because I think what's impressive about China is the volume growth, we got our legacy plants and the opportunity in the SCA plants.
John Faraci: Higher. Well, oil is back up, over $100 a barrel. So that's probably a little higher than we thought it was going to be when we put this together. OCC, Tom said, looks like it's may be going sideways for a bit, so that could be a little bit lower but it’s still going to be higher than the fourth quarter number for sure. So the two drivers of the margin are demand for OCC in China, which we can't predict with a lot of certainty is. Weather, with half the country under two feet of snow, have reason to use more energy, and not ship much product and the price is going to be higher if we did it by truck.
John Faraci: Some on caustic, some on starch and then there's some offsets going the other way. But the meaningful pieces there are the energy-related costs, which would be freight and consumption in the mills. We're not heavily dependent on oil, mostly gas and what we see on fiber. And if fiber stays where it is, it's going to be higher than the fourth quarter number.
John Faraci: Rick, let me just jump in and say, I think Tim said it very well. We're committed to a balanced use of cash. Just because our free cash flow is strong, we're not saying our view is we need to have a big M&A pipeline. That's not the case at all. If we see things that make International Paper better and meet our financial criteria in businesses we're in, we have been looking at things like that, and we'll continue to do so. And the balanced use of cash isn't quarter-to-quarter, it's over time. So as we pay down debt, obviously, we're going to be opportunistic looking about buying back, repaying debt early if the opportunity presents itself. And if we have free cash flow that we don't think we see opportunities for, the thing to do is to look for ways to effectively get it back to shareowners.
John Faraci: Mark, what we don't know is what the boiler MAC spending is going to be this year, because we don't know what the regulations are, and there's a pretty big swing there. That's why we're telling investors that $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion is probably where we're going to end up. We usually give you a more specific number, but we just don't know what the regulatory spending is going to be.
John Faraci: Well, they’re two very different markets. Someone told me a number of years ago that you can't lose a lot of money in China unless you're there. So we've got to remember that. So we've been very selective in what we do. China is a very, very competitive market, and Russia is competitive too. But there aren't that many competitors in Russia, and there are loads of competitors in China. And the capacity additions in China, whether it's cement, steel, you name it, buildings or paper are significant. So again, it's all about supply and demand. For different reasons, it's tough to be successful in both those markets. I would say that part of the reason we're doing better in Russia is because we're selling to China. 2/3, or not 2/3, 80% of what Ilim makes is for export, and 90% of that goes to China. So in a way, the two are related, but the operating environment is very, very different. Russia is a tough operating environment, but for a different set of reasons.
John Faraci: Well, we've been pretty consistent, Mark, talking about matching our supplies to our demand. And we think that is the discipline that we need to have and we'll continue to have. We took roughly 70,000 tons of downtime in the fourth quarter, again, to match supply and demand. And if you look back -- I don't want to try to forecast prices because I can't and I shouldn't and I won't. But if you look back at pricing over this last cycle, which is the most severe cycle we've had in 70 years, the pricing volatility in bleached board, in paper and in containerboard was a whole lot less than it had ever been in prior cycles which weren’t nearly as severe because of I think supply, demand management.
John Faraci: Well, all customers are different. They have different business models. We have different business models. Our experience is with the type of input cost we have, having certainty around pricing without having certainty around input costs has got a lot of downsides to it. And the flip side also holds true. So hypothetically, if we could match pricing to cost and get certainty around margins, that would be something we’d want to consider.
John Faraci: Carol, what about commenting on how the snowfall might be affecting your ability to cut out and ship box.
John Faraci: There’s a trucking component to that, so that's gotten all messed up. I would say there's no snow on the ground in Memphis, looking out the window here.
John Faraci: And the quarter is only 30-days old. The whole logistic system from New Mexico to Boston got affected by this last one, just look at pictures in the newspaper. So we don't know what the full-on trucking and transportation effect is yet. It’ll pass. It's a temporary thing. But we have to work our way through it.
John Faraci: We've got a joint venture box business in Turkey, which is a couple of hundred million dollars. And Turkey is in the Middle East, but it's kind of at one book-end, and we've got a wholly owned box business in Morocco, which is the other end of the Middle East. Both are good businesses, and we've seen no impact of what's going on in Egypt and Tunisia in terms of our business.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I'll be glad to talk about that. We had good opportunity. I'll give you, like, a great example of one that we're implementing this year, and it would be on water conservation. And in our pulp mill IP, we've really optimized the recycling of water through our washers. And in the Weyerhaeuser system, they had not been doing that. So we're talking, George, about a project that's $4 million investment with a 50%-plus ROI, and Valliant's first up for that. So if you kind of scale that across the system, you can see that it's pretty sizable. So really, a lot of the energy projects are around some technologies, some things we put on our boilers and in the pulp mill, and now, of course, we'll continue on conservation. So I think it's still a good opportunity for us to improve the bottom line.
Carol Roberts: Yes, I can talk about that. On the packaging demand, I mean John talked about it, it is seasonal. Although I would say that in January, our actual January volume on a year-over-year basis continues to trend up on the same pattern that we've seen. The December data is out now, and December was up 3½%. So we would continue to see modest year-over-year growth on U.S. packaging demand. Relative to export, export demand still remains solid. If you look at all the economic indicators, there's global growth in all regions, and we continue to participate in that, and that's a strategic segment for us. I think as has been publicly acknowledged, there has been some downward pressure on export pricing in the fourth quarter due to some seasonal supply that became available, but I can't speculate on future pricing. But my outlook for supply and demand is that as the U.S. hits the seasonal strong second quarter, married up with strong maintenance outages, that the seasonal balance will get tighter. But overall, I think things are in very good balance with inventories, demand and pricing right now.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Gail. It's definitely still relatively attractive. I would say it probably peaked in that October time frame, but it's still very attractive.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Mark. We had some downtime in the fourth quarter. I think that's also maybe one of the lexicons we probably need to not talk about. We ran our mills to our demand and that resulted in an operating rate of 94%. We had outages. So that meant that we didn't run everything because we didn't need to. And the math would say that, that was about 80,000 tons of production that we didn't run because we didn't have orders because of the seasonal demand.
Carol Roberts: Yes. The snowstorm of this week is definitely a big event. We have a lot of box plants as does most of the country through the Midwest starting all the way over from Kansas, all the way up through to the Northeast. And we've had a sizable portion of our system that's been down yesterday, today. And my guess is that we could lose a day or so of aggregate production through that. What really matters is our customers. We need to run when our customers start their factories and plants back up, whether we call that back, whether they have the capacity call that back is yet to be seen. But one day out of 20 is probably sizing it up.
Carol Roberts: I would say this storm is a little different in that it's so widespread and it’s really shut down large portions of the interstate and people can't get to work. So I think there's definitely, there's a lot of factories, not only ours, but our customers that are down for more days than the other storms created. So I think this one has more impact. And for us, I'd say it could be one day. So think about that as 4% February impact to us.
Timothy Nicholls: No. I think you assume they’re done. You can always have a mill issue, but most of these were small and hit a series of mills. So I think all of the ones that happened towards the end of the quarter were kind of unique and hopefully not repeating.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we're going to tell you a lot more in the first quarter about what the plans are. The business has been working for about the past four months on looking segment-by-segment at how they're going to position themselves in the market and around product lines, and they're completing that work. And once we see the completion of that work, we'll know what the upside opportunity will be and what the expected cost to achieve it will be.
Timothy Nicholls: Virgin fiber peaked in the late April, early May time frame last year, Mark, and it continued to fall all through the year. So I think we picked up about another $6 million in price improvement in the fourth quarter versus the third.
Timothy Nicholls: We could have. You have to recall last year, we had, Chip, in the fourth quarter a LIFO benefit. So it's just accounting, but it clouds the numbers a little bit. It made us look a little bit better last year than we otherwise would have.
Timothy Nicholls: I think you should think of it as balanced. We've been on a very consistent path over the past couple of years. You mentioned debt. We're just now hitting the threshold of the target debt that we're aiming for. If you look at the dividend, we took it from $0.10 to $0.75, and we've said we're on a path to restore it to where we were before the crisis. We're going to spend some more on capital this year. We think that's the right thing to do. We've kind of held back on good, solid projects over the past couple of years. And investments, if we see selective investments that meet the criteria and will strengthen a business that we have, then those are opportunities too. So I think it's balanced, and we want to look at that balance, Rick, over time and not try to fit ourselves into a hard formula because opportunities don't come that way.
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, it's pretty much in line with what we've been thinking. There's always a little bit of carryover. One of the items is the board machine in China, which took a little bit longer for us to get ourselves organized and get permits in place to make sure we've got all our ducks in a row. So that's going to shift from 2010 into 2011. But it's also just managing a pipeline that we had drawn down significantly in '09 and '10. And during the course of '10, we started building that pipeline up in terms of project development. So as I said, we're going to average $1 billion over the cycle. We've been at $650 million average the past couple of years, and this by no means takes us above that average $1 billion number. We can spend $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion this year and next year and still be right on that target. So I think we're being very consistent with what we've said.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we've been right around $100 million in terms of cash taxes the past few years. We're going to see it step up a little bit, $200 million, $300 million, just based on better earnings among other things. It's not a huge step up, but we do expect to see an uptick over the next year or two.
Timothy Nicholls: No, we definitely don't want to be in a terribly overfunded position. So you're absolutely right. And that's one of the things that will take a little bit of time to determine. But 100 basis point movement in discount rate means $1 billion, $1.1 billion in terms of change in liability. So something we're watching.
Timothy Nicholls: I think in Turkey, I think most people realize this. But Turkey is a secularist democracy and it has been a democracy for a long time. So it seems to be and has been a more stable country to operate in.
Thomas Kadien: Chip, there's a slide in the deck that shows kind of the first half, second half improvement in the EBITDA margins, and you're spot on. I mean we expect to be able to sustain that improvement and actually build on that in 2011. The backlogs are good. We had high wood cost in the first half, and we also didn't operate that well in the first half, and we had a lot of price flow-through. And we had a very much improved second half, and we're going to do better than that in 2011.
Thomas Kadien: This is Tom Kadien again. I've got the Asia businesses. SCA is turning out to be exactly what we thought it would be from an asset standpoint and customer standpoint. The business was in worse shape than we would like when we closed on it July 1. The containerboard pricing ran up significantly over in Asia, if you recall OCC pricing in the second quarter, and we had over a 20% run-up in our input cost. On the IP side, in our legacy plants, we recovered that. In the SCA side in the second quarter, they recovered zero of that. So that's what we walked into on July 1 when we closed. We've been trying to rebuild those margins. We had some shutdown cost of redundant facilities, sheet plants primarily. So the numbers weren't very good. Didn't meet our expectations in the first six months that we owned them, but we're already seeing price improvement. If we look at our fourth quarter delta P on the SCA plants, we were net positive versus again higher containerboard pricing in China. So we're gaining on it, and we still think it will be exactly what we thought it would be when we bought it. The market right now over in Asia for containerboard is kind of quiet. We're in the middle of Chinese New Year. But we think it's going to be -- we think OCC is relatively stable. Carol, maybe you have a better view on that, but we think containerboard pricing is going to remain high, and we still have margin to recapture and rebuild particularly at the SCA plants.
Thomas Kadien: Yes. I mean the puzzling part of it, in our legacy plants, our box sales year-over-year were up 30% in China. And on the SCA side, it was low-single digits. On the price side, we recovered about 16% out of the 20% of the containerboard increase, and on the SCA side, it was low-single digits. So we know what the gap is and we know how to improve it.
Mark Wilde: You raised China. And John, I wondered just if you could take a minute to step back and just kind of compare your experience, Russia versus China. You've got big joint ventures in both places. And from the outside, it seems like Russia maybe actually going a little better.
Mark Wilde: And I'm just wondering too, John, could you see kind of a change in the nature of kind of customer relationships particularly in the Packaging business? Maybe make it a little more of -- create a little more stable pricing or maybe mechanisms that pass cost on to customers more efficiently.
Mark Wilde: Did you take any market downtime in the fourth quarter? And are you seeing any weather fallout here in the first quarter? Valliant I think would have been right in the line of that snowstorm.
Mark Wilde: So can you just based on these storms we've had, do you think there's going to be a first quarter impact from all that? Because we've actually had a couple of other pretty severe storms here in the Northeast in January.
