Mark Sutton: Thanks Tim for covering the details on the quarter and for the outlook. As I always do at the end of our call, I'd like to just close with a few thoughts about the company and quarter. Our solid earnings and outstanding free cash flow in the third quarter, I think, again, demonstrates that we built a really resilient company that can perform well in just about any environment. And while the U.S. economy remains healthy, we've been managing through some inventory headwinds and broader trade tension that are impacting our exports. That said, our focus at International Paper is to execute well and maximize results in any environment. For us, that means being relentless about our pursuit of long-term value creation for our shareowners by focusing on free cash generation and executing our capital allocation strategy with that free cash flow. And for our businesses, that means managing well what we can control, exceeding our customers expectations and strengthening our value proposition, making sure we optimize the full value chain and running our manufacturing network well and leveraging the strength and flexibility of our mill and converting systems. When we put all of this together, we perform well and generate very strong free cash flow. Our free cash flow per share is up year-over-year. Our strong execution in the company's LIBOR allows us to raise our full year 2019 free cash flow year 2019 free cash flow outlook to $2 billion. We had unique capabilities to drive to just about any challenge we may face. Most importantly, we have the people, the innovation, the products and a low-cost high quality system to succeed with fantastic customers. And with that, we are ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: So I would just add to what Tim said, Mark. One of the objectives we shoot for on the whole maintenance subject and as we look at that is protecting today's cash flows and making them sustainable, there's the CapEx piece, but there's also the expense piece. And what we try to do is make sure we use our resources effectively, so we lower the total cost of maintenance. And it's all cash, and we try to lower the total cost. So if the CapEx solution can solve a recurring maintenance expense issue, it's probably the right thing to do to go ahead and eliminate that issue. So we really do look at it holistically.
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mark. I think the way we try to look at it on the output of our system, especially containerboard given its so large, as we look at things that are structural versus cyclical, and obviously, if you that there are structural changes in the amount of containerboard, we needed to supply all of our box customers and open market customers, then you probably do some things differently. But right now, we believe we built the system, through the last few years by integrating warehouse and integrated temporary then kind of normalizing our capability at the mills and taking a real focused view on marginal cost that we have lack of a better term, we have a throttle on the company We can run wide open, we can run less than wide open, and we can shed certain types of costs and variabilize a lot of things that used to look fixed. So for us its whatever we believe about the near term and long term growth and the fundamentals in the industry and right now we see what's happening right now is mostly cyclical, not structural.
Mark Sutton: I think there’s always some discussion on how the commercial arrangements are constructed. When you’re in the moment of the excess pulp supply, sometimes customers do want to revisit the way contracts are structured. Usually the conversation goes to a normalized period and not just a cyclical high or low. So there's always discussions on that, Mark. And I am able to say one thing. What we're seeing in the targeted markets we have, which is the absorbent products, it really is becoming very customer-specific and what type of economics, they're looking for based on their go-to-market strategy for that baby diapers and the other products. And they’re not all the same and years ago I use to see much more of a similar approach or desire by most customers. But we are seeing it segment into unique commercial types of conditions.
Mark Sutton: I think just to add on that George, the approach we're taking with the large segment that tend to be the faster-growing segment like e-commerce, like protein, some of the things that IP has build over time, our scale and our reliability as a supplier and then bringing some innovation on top of that has allowed us to grow our position with customers that we already have a very large position with and we try to earn at that every single day, every interaction. And I would give a lot of credit, maybe it's not differentiated. I can’t speak for other companies. I would give a lot of credit to the IP people that served these customers. We have employees that are embedded with some of our customers, helping them solve the problems, helping them run package at faster rates. And I think that really works well for us, when we bring the full skills of IP to our customers. When I made my prepared remarks, I said something about leveraging and optimizing the entire value chain, and this is what we mean by doing that. It's not just the product, but it’s how we provide the service and how we give even some of our Human Resources to our customer, our manufacturing team, for example, even go out and help customers in their manufacturing operation if it's applicable.
Mark Sutton: So I think what we said on our few quarters ago that we believe that that business had a $600 million EBITDA potential, and we still believe that. We are in a period right now of some disturbances in the softwood pulp market and absorbent pulp is not immune to that. It affects both the pricing and also affects demand. So we believe that, that still an achievable objective. I'll remind you though, Steve, one of the things we stated as a strategy is to have our business at about 85% of our capacity focused on absorbent pulp. So fluff pulp in the specialty grades that are kind of a bubble for fluff pulp and the product continue. We're only about 74% right now. So are making some products, market pulp products and other products that they're not long-term products for us given the North American fiber and cost structure. And the only place we really plan to make nonabsorbent pulp is in our mill in Canada, which makes a high-quality northern softwood. So we got a pretty clear strategic path. We've lost a little bit of time given this kind of softwood supply issue of time given this kind of softwood supply issue globally and the commercial things we talked about globally and the commercial things we talked about from last year. But we are very convinced that this is going to give International Paper the right growth profile. It's a great product line, the types of things that go into, and we believe he can get the business to that point. It's just going to take us all bit of time.
Mark Sutton: So the exit rate of 2019, you're right, will put us in a challenging position. And yes, we have commercial initiatives. The good news is we're commercial initiatives. The good news is we're commercial initiatives. The good news is we're beginning to see commercial wins in the targeted customers and grades we want to make and which is the absorbent products, and that will start to come to fruition as we go into 2020. And then there is a lot of opportunity on the cost structure. We have -- essentially we two 2 we have 2 businesses. We have the Weyerhaeuser business we acquired, which is doing very well. It was built for purpose pulp mills. And then we have the IT legacy part of that business, which is largely mills converted from other usage and not yet optimized. And there's still the ability to optimize several of those facilities and get out total cost down. So combination of commercial success, cost and then operating in this environment of supply and demand where pricing returns to more normalized level, all of that should come to fruition. The question is just, how long does it take on the market based stuff? The other things we control and we'll begin working on that as we go forward.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, the system mix is roughly 35% recycled fiber. We have -- what we look at is the actual fiber cost through the system to where you actually form that sheet of paper. So we call that fiber to the head box because there's other cost involved. For example, you want to make sure your maximize your energy production in the integrated mills, even if you're blending and recycling fiber. So if look at some of the investments we made over the last few years, we've increased our capacity at 100% recycled mills, and we've increased our capacity at some of our virgin mills that used certain amount of recycled fiber. So we have the ability to do more. But we look at more than just the cost of OCC. It really is the cost of the fiber to the forming part of the equipment that really matters because if you leave more OCC, and it causes you to generate less boiler fuel to make your biomass energy, you have not done anything on your cost. So that's how we look at it.
Mark Sutton: So you're right. That's a complex question or set of questions, Mark. But I think taking it up a level, the view that we have on containerboard is informed by the view we have on corrugated packaging growth globally. And the role that what we do export kraftliner plays in that, and we still see growth in boxes globally as a preferred method of packaging and we'll see were sustainability and all this discussion to go. But we think it bodes well for fiber-based packaging, which then feeds into a kraftliner growth rate. We used to think it was 3.5%, its probably somewhere in that neighborhood. But for right now, we've seen a demand decline, and we saw inventories built last year. And when you put the two together we have a correction in the year of 2019. We haven't seen any structural that changes the ultimate driver of the containerboard demand which is box demand. And the fact that kraftliner plays a very important technical role or reality role, which is it is the feedstock for the global recovered fiber market. So they really work together, and we still believe and see the future is very bright in corrugated packaging, which informs our view of our containerboard business.
Mark Sutton: I think, Adam, we talked about the box demand kind of trailing GDP by 50, 70 basis points, somewhere in that neighborhood, total box demand. You got a couple of sub-segments like e-commerce that are growing very, very fast, but we've got pluses and minuses in some of the other segments, some of these trade wars and that crimp some of the exporters from the U.S. There's always something going on. But think about the third quarter. GDP 1.9, box demand, 1 5 and so it's possible that e-commerce can be growing double-digit, which it is, and box demand can be a shade below GDP. So I think the GDP number and what drive the U.S. economy, the components of it, are really what we need to look at in terms of trying to understand box demand. And there's obviously some periods where there's three quarters in a row where it attracts perfectly, and then there is some noise in the system. You think about when this noise started, it started to really show up around the time, we started talking about tariffs and trade, and a number of those things. So, I do think this notion of it being right below GDP is still pretty solid.
Mark Sutton: Chip, it's in the neighborhood between 5% and 10% of our demand. And you're right, things like Seok until you actually implement those. There's lot of different opinions on how it works. But again, back to the fundamental role, corrugated can play in the supply chain, most of those initiatives we see as if we do our job right and innovate, we see those as more net positives for corrugated box demand than negatives.
Mark Sutton: I think, Debbie, on the e-commerce question, I think if you look back at the data over the last few years, the past peak in the third quarter dropped off in the fourth quarter has been evening out, because e-commerce would their value proposition have shortened shipping times and people are still active in the fourth quarter. And then it even, to some extent, spilled into the first quarter with the whole return cycle. So there's just been an evening out of the demand, less of the peak, less of the drop off. And that started if you remember right, probably in 2016 and then 2017 it become more even and we continue to see that.
Mark Sutton: I think important thing, Mark, on things like purchasing managers index and those things is give it enough time. I mean, we've got a lot of disruption in the supply chain from manufacturing in the U.S., a lot of it related simply to the GM auto strike. And as you've got to let the data to play out but it is an input to many -- to our on demand model.
Mark Sutton: I think the issue with converting is one of the tenants that needs to be, because of the nature of the product, on empty boxes what you're making. It needs to be close to the demand centers. And so what you see sometimes is in our case, we add to learning capacity where we have customers and the desire for it. We may actually have that capacity, but it could be clear across the country and will just not use that capacity and take a shipped out or to do whatever we have to do and then use the capacity close to the customer. So, I can't speak for all these companies that are building or adding. But that's how we think about it is. Converting capacity is that last step in value add and transformation of containerboard into something people actually buy. And for us, it's about capabilities near where our customers and our growth is.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, George, it's Tim. It's actually speaking to our box business for were constantly working with customers about innovative solutions and how we address their needs and there is a cadence to these things. They don't neatly follow quarters, even multiple quarter sometimes, but we've been very active this year on -- with our commercial team, talking with customers in some cases, existing, and some cases new. And a number of wins that we've had for the box business that will start coming through over the next few quarters. So that was what I was relating to in the prepared comments. We feel really good about the teams win so far.
Tim Nicholls: Well, July, I can tell you about that. October was a little bit better. We don't have a clear view on shipments. We have a clear view on what we're processing through our facilities, and so, when we close the month we’ll see how much of that flow directly to customers versus preparing inventories for seasonal demand, especially around e-commerce. But yes, we saw a slight uptick in demand for October and feel good about it. We think it's going to be a good season for the fourth quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, thank you, George. We do because of our size and where we service customers, we do some of everything, and we do most of them in a very big way, so yes, machinery and yes, all types of innovative solutions. Innovative solutions are really important customer by customer for what they need, not for creating something that tried to go sell across the entire space.
Tim Nicholls: No. It's Tim, Steve. We were acetifying, we're appealing that decision, and so we're recognizing the charge in the moment while we go through the build process.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Anthony, it's Tim. Our belief is the box market is pretty competitive and the market's pretty efficient. And so knowledge -- there's not any new knowledge that's being created here. It's just being represented different way. So I can't speculate on what will happen. It's not hard to tell, see how it plays out. But in one sense, we don't see this as a significant change that's been put in the market.
Tim Nicholls: No. It will be a pretty long outage. There's a lot of work to be done, when we take it down and start making the conversion. I think it's premature to lay that out at this point. We are finalizing what that all looks like next year. I'm sure we'll be able to give some general indications as we report on fourth quarter. But at some point papers will -- the production of Printing Papers will shut down on the machine and then all of the preparations for -- we tried to do as much work on ancillary equipment ahead of time. So that work is done, construction work, but then on the machine itself and related parts of the back-end of the mill, that work will begin early in the first quarter as we've outlined, and so we can give you more insight on that as we report fourth quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So, Gabe, you may be thinking about is how it relates to white-top liner, but not the system overall. So we run our system based on our customers' needs. So that's where we start from. But this will be incremental available productive capacity. What it's actually going to free up is other facilities that they're currently producing this product to produce other products. One of which has a large position in gypsum facing board and will now be able to grow that position. So, it won't all show up in containerboard necessarily, but gypsum facing board or gypsum facing paper is something that we've been in that market for a long time. We have great customers. We think we provide good products and good service and we really would like to grow that position over time.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. So, Adam, we did not see, to your point, we didn't see to the extent that we thought we would. We did see it in e-commerce. We feel really good about e-commerce. On protein side, we saw good performance. Process food, as I mentioned, was slightly better but not as much as a pick up as we thought it would be. And then some of the other segments, other non-durables, beverage and the like, did not come through the way we expected it to. But we also had in terms of some of these consolidation plays that have happened across the industry, we've had some business lost due to those that happened at the moment in time and then the replacement volume for that comes through on a longer time line, but that's what I was referring to with these customer wins. We feel good about the commercial activity in the quarter that will show up in the coming quarters.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I think it's appearing to be delinked only because we've had some of these losses that I talked about that kind of creates noise in the number. I think you're going to see that reverse itself over the next couple of three quarters. So I don't think anything structurally has changed.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. So the view that we shared in the prepared remarks up on demand and inventory in the region, that's our current view. It comes from a lot of sources. Yeah, there are some reported numbers in places, it's what we see on the ground is we interact with customers for the most part.
Tim Nicholls: And then on Ilim, the project around containerboard has been approved. It will start going forward. But that's a couple of 2.5 years, three years before anything starts slowing to market.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I think on the box side, we're anticipating a strong season. We'll see how it plays out. We expect e-commerce to be in a solid place. We are also starting to see export volume and export demand pick up, and so that is going to impact our fourth quarter in a positive way for volume that we did not have in the second and third quarter.
Tim Nicholls: The other thing that may be in your memory, Debbie is just the difference in days, especially last year from third to fourth. We had two less days in the fourth quarter last year versus the third, and we've got one less day this year. So it's a little bit better in than regard.
Tim Nicholls: Easy on the LIFO, we had a better fit in the third quarter that we don't expect to repeat in the fourth, and so that was what that comes it is about. On the seasonal demand, that didn't pick up. There were some delays in government buying programs around certain segments of Printing Papers in Brazil that came through, but came through late. And the export business, especially around other parts of Latin America where we ship just been pressured from imports and people have plenty of inventory so it's working off inventory position.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. It's Tim. So we've been battling wood cost all year long. If you remember, tremendous amount of rain and wet weather starting late fourth quarter last year and continuing into well into the first quarter this year. So, it's just a matter of being able to access and have availability. And then buy intelligently as we can to maintain the kind of inventory levels, that the mills that we need for wood fiber. It's starting to normalize. We're probably be pretty close to a more normalized cost, as we exit the year, but the wood piece has been a challenge all year long, of course.
Tim Nicholls: Slightly down. We've been managing it down all year long. So, we were really high as we exited last year. And it's been hardwood and softwood. Hardwood has been the one that's been a little bit harder to bring down. Softwood, we've had a greater degree of success faster so.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. I think it's probably pretty flat. We're out there winning business on the capability. What we do for our customers? How we service them? The innovation we bring and the quality. So, it's a pretty mix neutral type of equation.
Tim Nicholls: Sure. Yeah. I mean, this is definitely related. I didn't see the numbers; I haven't called out to it yet. Whether it in the moment or there are some time lag. It's sort of manufacturing activity is what drives box demand. So there's got to be relationship there. I don't know if that's a moment in time and then reversion. But, as I said, our volume, we saw pickup in October and we're still anticipating a pretty strong fourth quarter. So, we'll see how it plays out.
