Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Carol. In closing, International Paper continues to deliver solid performance in a global environment that presents plenty of challenges. As Carol mentioned, we remain highly focused on cash generation, and we're on track for another very strong year. We also remain focused on return on invested capital and are delivering another year of strong returns, solidly above 10%, which is well above our cost of capital. As I think about where we are, how we expect to finish the year and what next year looks like, we are seeing some near-term margin squeeze across many of our businesses as some price erosion has occurred while input costs have turned up. The good news is we continue to execute well and our margins remain strong overall. We also have some upside ahead, particularly in the North American Industrial Packaging business with the price increases which are underway. In addition to that, while market fundamentals for our global pulp business may remain challenged for a while, the Weyerhaeuser pulp acquisition provides real and significant synergy opportunities that we can begin to bring to bottom line as soon as we close the transaction. And while it's a bit further off due to the conversion, our newly acquired Madrid mill provides nice upside in earnings for our European box business. With our continued focus on cash generation and thoughtful approach to capital allocation, I remain confident in our ability to continue to generate meaningful value for our shareholders. And with that, we'll open the floor for questions.
Mark S. Sutton: Hi, Mark, this is Mark. The third quarter was the first full quarter that we had operations on the converted machine. And I would say from our capital project planning and our ramp up plan, we're pretty much online. The transitional comment is really, as you know, when we think about fluff pulp, we have to qualify that with each and every customer. And that's what we're undergoing right now. So, in the interim, in order to run the machine and make the fluff trials, we make regular market softwood. And obviously pricing has been a little bit depressed. Demand is good. It's – global softwood's up 4%. But we're selling in – the market pulp into a lower price environment. So, as we get our specialty pulp, fluff and other grades qualified, the mix on the asset will move up dramatically over time. And we are right on schedule with that and expect to be successful in our different customer trials.
Mark S. Sutton: Well, I don't have a quantified number right off the top of my head, but when you think about the delta between fluff and market pulp prices and you look at that kind of margin enhancement, that's where the real benefit would come from. And as you mentioned, Mark, it will be a little bit of a multi-variable situation when we bring on our Weyerhaeuser acquisition, then a big part of the synergy opportunity is maximizing the efficiency of where we make what product. So that'll start as soon as we close the transaction. And that'll put the margin improvement from making the better grades on a little bit of a turbocharger because we'll be moving grades around to the right assets.
Mark S. Sutton: Hey, Mark. On your food service question – try to simplify this. It's a little more complicated. But in terms of cups, and I'll speak in terms of the bodies themselves, our overall growth is still pretty positive. So those contracts haven't played out. Our flat revenue is a combination of a little bit of mix that's in there as well as some – a little bit of price decline over the quarter. But that's been relatively small. And the lid side of the business is a little bit down versus the body side. But overall, we're still growing the business.
Mark S. Sutton: Chip, this is Mark. I think the capacity evolution in containerboard, you go back a couple of years with some of the additions that have come on, there's been a mixed track record in the success of bringing that board into an actual box. So I think that weighs on people's investment decisions. I think the market is pretty well balanced. And I think that that's really the reality. You've got more than just containerboard. You've got to figure out a way to get it through the supply chain into a package that's designed for a customer, so downstream converting into value chain. All of those things are important. And so I think right now, we said this two years ago and 18 months ago, that we thought this capacity would play out, be absorbed, some would work, some wouldn't. And I think that's where we are.
Mark S. Sutton: Yeah, just kind of, one of the views we have in addition to the segment discussion Tim had, if you think back to the GDP number for the quarter and you look at the total, it was very modest. But if you look at the components, the consumer section of GDP was up almost 3%. Those are the kinds of activities by the consumer that drive box demand. Even if they're trading out of a consumer good into a fresh good or other segment, with a consumer component of GDP at 2.8%, it's pretty squared with our mind around why box demand's at 1.5%. There was a lot of negatives on the non-consumer side which netted out a 1.4% GDP. So, for us, it looks like it squares up pretty well.
Mark S. Sutton: No. What that was is we were looking at potential containerboard investments in India. In order to do that, we had to make some investments to secure some potential land for sites. And then we just did some engineering work to model different types of business models, whether it be a recycled machine or whether it included box business or not. So those engineering charges, we didn't build anything. We just did some engineering. And then we had a small security deposit on some land.
Mark S. Sutton: Anthony, this is Mark. On Brazil, the majority of what showed up in pricing for export was actually mix of product and geographic mix. So, in terms of the price in a same store, if you will, or same market, it's pretty stable.
Mark S. Sutton: We are. We are seeing some improved demand in our box business. And for our box business had one of the best quarters since we've owned it in Brazil. And so, as the government moves to a more stable situation, I think there's many experts saying it could turn positive in the economy next year, which will be helpful. And on the paper side, demand in Brazil is pretty steady. It's not as high as it was pre-recession and pre-crisis, but pretty steady. And as a follow-up on the question you asked about export, because the Brazil demand is steady, we have announced a price increase for the export business that's effective in the fourth quarter. So that whole system of Brazilian production for Brazil, and then the Brazilian production for the rest of Latin America and the Middle East and Africa and Europe is all – seems to be getting a bit stronger. So we are out with a price increase for the fourth quarter in the export business.
Carol Louise Roberts: It is standard. I think the four-day delta is probably what's wider than normal. I think if you look back, four days is a big delta. But if you look at the size of our system and the value of our shipments, that's the correct math, Mark.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yes, George. So the delta is – remember, I mentioned other seasonal increases. So the simple way to think about that is the total of $60 million minus the $45 million. That would imply the balance of the $15 million would be other normal seasonal increases from third to fourth.
Carol Louise Roberts: Mark, this is Carol. So let me start that by saying, this year, our CapEx target is $1.3 billion. Our plans for next year at this point are influenced, of course, by the acquisition of the Weyerhaeuser cellulose fiber business. So, including that business, our plans at this point are about $1.5 billion of CapEx. And included in that $1.3 billion and that $1.5 billion is the continuation of the implementation of the projects that we spoke about in our North American Industrial Packaging business that Tim and his team are executing against.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yes, Chris, this is Carol. And I'm going to attempt to do this without belaboring this call with an accounting lesson. But it is somewhat of a complicated issue. In simple terms, we run our businesses in a FIFO model, first in, first out. But we keep our corporate books on a LIFO model, last in, first out. And so we keep that, you call it your LIFO reserve, your LIFO balance, which is your contra inventory account, on the corporate books. And basically, you do LIFO because costs go up through time and that's the best way, the best effect to get the best outcome for the company. When you have a dramatic shift, and for us it's around the inventory between our mills and our box plants, we charge our box plants market price. So we're going to move that board into our box business at the higher price. But you do last in, first out relative to your accounting. So you have to balance that LIFO account. The other thing that comes into play is you've got to get that LIFO account balanced by year end. So the timing of this increase coming right at the end of the year causes us to have to balance that account in the quarter. What's most important is non-cash. And in LIFO, when you make adjustments to those LIFO balances, it's non-cash. But due to the way we run our business and our accounting convention, that charge hits us in this fourth quarter. So that's my best explanation. And we can always follow up with more if you feel like you want some more information.
Carol Louise Roberts: You've got to get that – what you do is you get that – LIFO has to balance by year end. So, if this had happened earlier in the year, we would have done it through the period of time. Why? It's just kind of unique that it's of a significant size. And of course, the scale of our business makes it significant in size and scale.
Carol Louise Roberts: So, Chip, the $25 million that we referenced was for paper and pulp. And some sub-segment of that was Matthew. So there's some other costs there. And then the $35 million that we referred to – I mean the $45 million that we referred to out of the total $60 million was between the two businesses. So there's some subset of that $25 million is Matthew in paper and pulp.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yeah, Brian, this is Carol. One of the things that we do is we put a plan together at the beginning of the year of what we feel like where – want to execute against and then we work like crazy throughout the year to find better ways to do things and opportunities. And so evidenced by the way Mark talked about the business and the conditions, we've worked hard to find better ways. And yes, some things we've pushed out to – but we feel very comfortable with those decisions. And we feel like we've got a great plan and a good plan for the fourth quarter.
Carol Louise Roberts: Steve, I appreciate the question. But I would respectfully decline to answer the exact transfer pricing in our company. But what I would say, and I'm looking at my colleague Tim, and Bill across the table, we announced a $50 increase for October with our customers and that's the increase that we're out pushing and implementing at this point in time.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yes, Gail, this is Carol. So just one changed to what we said. We actually had to revalue the pension at the end of the third quarter. Once we triggered the accounting treatment in the second quarter that puts you kind of in a new territory. And if you have any change in the pension, you're required to remeasure. So we actually remeasured in the third quarter. And in the third quarter remeasurement, the interest rates, discount rates, they dropped another 20 basis points. So what you're seeing for that – the gap, you're seeing the positive impact of the contribution and the performance, negative impact from the discount rate. And that'll all be very clear to you when we come out with our Q.
Carol Louise Roberts: We announced it in the second quarter. And I think it's – because we do that annual chart, it's not showing up. But it was there. I think it was – what was it? $55 million. But we've already gotten that cash in.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Debby, it's Tim. I think what Carol just called out is we're expecting about $20 million of impact sequential based on the price increase.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, okay. Well, two things. One of it – about half of it was a continuation of the pulp through (22:15) that we saw. And then just normal competitive box contracts and mix had an impact as some of the segments that carry lower margins came through stronger in the third quarter than we were anticipating at the time.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Sure. Let's take the last question first, George. I think box demand – and it can always change. It's only as good as our forecast. But box demand is playing out more or less the way we have seen it for a while now in the course of 2016. So we always saw it strengthening. Our model was predicting based on economic performance and inputs that we were going to strengthen through the second half of the year. And so we're seeing that. It's a little bit better, quite frankly, than we might have thought. But our experience has been pretty good as evidenced by the numbers that we posted on demand growth. Back to your first question, I think there's a few things to keep in mind. First of all, we don't see the dynamics around this price increase being any – materially different than any other price increase we've ever had. If you look at being down $5 in the quarter, I just explained a part of that is mix, but some of it was the publication down which happened earlier in the year and then also just normal activity. That normal activity has a lag to it, right.
Timothy S. Nicholls: So some of what's showing up in the quarter is stuff that has already happened, and now it's just materializing. So, when we communicated the price increase to our customers, we were looking at the fundamentals that we saw a point in time, and then our view of how they were going to look going forward. And if anything, I'd say they turned out to be a little bit stronger than what we originally viewed.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Phil, hi, it's Tim. It varies how much is up for bid. Year-to-year, we've seen some pretty dramatic swings. It's just based on length of contract, length of agreements that we have with customers, and then opportunities that we see along the way for either adding to position and renegotiating early or not. So pretty much everything that we have is based on some form of either contract or customer agreement that we have, whether it's completely formal in the way of contract or it's some other type of agreement. So what we do is we go through, similar to every other price increase we've ever had and for the number of customers we have, it comes down to customer by customer across the whole business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, I've seen no dynamics or circumstances that would say it's any different than what we've seen in other price increases.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Mark, it's Tim. On export, it's – price is fairly stable as Carol mentioned, on the front end. Demand has been pretty good. This year kraft linerboard exports in total for U.S. producers is up about 2.5%. We look at the demand across the regions, and we say – we kind of expect somewhere between 2% and 3.5% growth. So it seems like it's right in the expectations, maybe on the low side of expectations for growth. For us, it's somewhere between 12% and 15%, it varies. But we look at it as, for our business, what we're doing is responding to what customers are demanding based on their needs. And there's been some changes in trade flows over the course of the past year given the FX volatility. But we see the markets as pretty stable and continuing to grow at what would be an expected rate.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It feels like things have firmed quite a bit. Our supply chain is very tight at the moment. So we're struggling to even keep pace with the demand that we're getting from customers. So, at the moment, things are extending out a little bit in terms of lead times on export orders.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, 18 months is a little bit beyond my radar screen there. So I'd put it this way. In the moment, looking forward over the next couple of quarters, we feel pretty good. Our model is only as good as what people are saying the next couple of quarters are going to be on any number of economic activity levels. And so it's been kind of in the zone where there hasn't been a whole lot of change to that that would affect the components of the model. So I feel good about the fourth quarter. Seen nothing that should make us feel any way but positive as we go into the first quarter of next year.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I think all of those factors weigh on price movements. I would just say this in terms of the year-over-year on input costs, some of this is timing and input started moving up during the third quarter. And the other piece of this, inputs, no question have been a tailwind for the past 12 months or 18 months, but that's recently changed. And I think what may not be as obvious to people looking at our results is the tailwind from input costs did a great job helping us cover normal inflation that we encounter year-in and year-out. And all of a sudden, the tailwind has turned to a headwind. And so the inflation is there and now the input cost rises are there and you get kind of a double impact.
Timothy S. Nicholls: No, I don't think so. I think what you've got to keep in mind is that in January – I mean this is always a competitive business, but in January, there was a published down that impacted price and it's been working its way through our financials based on all of the different customer contracts and agreements that we have. And so, if there's a change this year over prior periods, that happened to us early in the year and we've been dealing with it.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, on a relative basis, it's still – it's big. But on a relative basis, it's still small but growing at a rapid rate. And it's not just online retail, it's also traditional distribution. We have exposure across the spectrum and it's been performing very well for us. So that's one positive. The other positive is the protein segment for us, which has been under some pressure over the past couple of years, seems like it is coming back in a more stable way and processed food for us has also been good. So I think it's a mix of different segments.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, I think what we've experienced during the course of the year, and it started late last year, was the supply chain working very efficiently and effectively. And so things are flowing through fairly well. And another piece of it that can impact it is just how months end in terms of whether they end on a weekend or not. And technically things have to be unloaded and hit the floor to not be in transit any more. So there's some anomalies month-to-month and just in terms of how the month ends. But our supply chain right now is incredibly tight. So, as I mentioned earlier on exports, we're pushing things out and we're just – we're trying to catch up to what we think would be more sustainable levels of inventory across our system.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, I think the premise of the question is not on target. We run our system based on how we need to optimize our margins and service our facilities. And so tons are not tons. The mills produce a range of products. We need more of some and less of others. And we balance it out and make sure that we're doing the right thing from a cash standpoint and the right thing from a margin standpoint.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I expect it to flow through pretty much on the same pace and track that prior increases have flowed through. So we've got tens of thousands of customers. We've got contracts and agreements with all of them and it will follow the cadence of those agreements. And it's really no different than what it's been in prior times. It's usually pretty fast. It's usually over a couple of quarters, but...
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, well, I don't know that I can answer that fully. But I would say this, we think that non-durable production is, in part, a good proxy for box demand. But it's not always in the moment lined up exactly the same way. There's been periods where box demand has outperformed non-durables and vice versa. And there's other components of economic activity that actually influence box demand. Some of our demand trends have been things I mentioned earlier, where protein is starting to come back off some depressed levels over the past couple of years. Distribution and online retail continues to grow for us quite well. And processed food has actually been pretty good for us. You have to remember, a year or two ago, shrinking at 3%; doesn't feel like it's doing that any more. So it's not stellar growth, but it's not performing as bad as it has in prior periods. So I think that based on the way we look at how box demand gets driven, it's performing the way we would expect it to in the moment.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah, and mix was a piece of it too, Adam. And I think just timing. Some of these things get settled as a negotiating point at a point in time that take through to work their way towards implementation. So I mean, to me, we're not seeing anything unusual or abnormal from every other time we've had inflections in pricing. So it feels completely normal to me.
