John V. Faraci: Yes, thanks, Carol. I guess the way to summarize is I feel good about where we are and how the second half of the year is shaping up, not based on so much on a robust economic outlook, but more on our ability to execute and deliver results in the second quarter and kind of the run rate momentum we came out of the second quarter at kind of June going into July. The U.S. and global economies are still recovering. But the cash flow we're able to generate, I think, gives me encouragement that we're going to have a substantially better second half of the year than the first half. As Carol described, we realized about 20% of the benefits of the price increase in Industrial Packaging on the second quarter and have line of sight to the rest of it in the third and fourth quarter, and that's going to continue to further expand our already industry-leading EBITDA margins. Trends in our North America Consumer Packaging business are improving. We expect to realize improved supply-demand conditions that Carol referred to in the industry. And as you know, we made the tough decision to take down a machine at Augusta earlier in the year and that certainly improved our supply-demand balance as we look at our customer base. The third quarter is the lowest maintenance outage period of the year. And I'm pleased and positive that the heavy lifting's behind us on the Ilim capital projects. We completed those projects. As Carol said, we're into the start-up mode now, and we'll have start-up costs. We had a lot in the second quarter. We'll have a significant amount in the third quarter. But as we get to the end of the year, those will be behind us. And at the big tailwind, those projects completed a big tailwind for International Paper and for the JV as we go into 2014. And most importantly, we're generating strong free cash flow and we'll continue to build on this in the third and fourth quarters. As I said last quarter, we expect to have cash -- free cash flow approaching $2 billion this year, and that outlook remains intact. Additionally, we have more clear now, which we're a year into it, a more clear line of sight into the $5 billion EBITDA we've talked about last year and I'll describe on this last slide here. As I wrap up the call, I just want to give you an update on that. And this slide shows our expected EBITDA potential at mid-cycle margins. We're probably going to get there a different way than we outlined but the reality is International Paper's got a lot of levers to pull, so the good news is when things change, we can take advantage of opportunities and offset the challenges. So there are some headwinds and some tailwinds. There's more runway in Industrial Packaging, which Carol shared with you. We continue to see margin expansion opportunities within that business. The optimization opportunities are huge. When you think about 5 years ago, IP had a $3 billion to $4 billion business and now it's a $12 billion business. Beyond that, we can capitalize on our global footprint and capabilities in the Printing Papers business as we effectively and profitably move mix around the world to optimize margin opportunities. So those are some of the tailwinds. We've got headwinds as well, mainly in the form of softer demand, probably everywhere in the world. And pulp prices that continue to be well below mid-cycle levels. The oversupply situation that was -- that exists in coated paperboard in China is going to be with us for a while. The joint venture is operating well but there's a lot of excess capacity. And we didn't see all that at the time. So we've got pluses and minuses, but importantly, with all that said, we continue to see the potential of our portfolio as generating over $5 billion EBITDA, and that's not counting Ilim, which, as you know, is equity earnings and dividends. So let me turn it over to the operator now, and we'll all take your questions.
John V. Faraci: George, this is John. Just let me add -- quantify that -- there's $70 million of quarter-to-quarter change in that segment that's solely attributable to the North American Printing Papers business. I mean, you take the outages in North America and National Envelope.
John V. Faraci: Mark, this is John. Let me take the box business in Europe first. Our box business in Europe is France, Italy, Spain, Morocco and Turkey. Morocco and Turkey are doing quite well from the demand standpoint and from a profitability standpoint. We're going to have a record year in Morocco. The -- so the geographic footprint is really in the fruit and vegetable segment for Europe and what Europe, Southern Europe, exports to other parts of the world like Russia. We like that. There's no getting around the fact that the Industrial segments in France, Italy and Spain are just what you would expect they would be, very soft. So we're going to have to manage through a difficult time, but I think we like the fact that we bought out -- our partner wanted to sell us their stake in the joint venture we had in Turkey. So now we own 100% of it. We're able to do that at what we thought was fair price and a good price and so we own 100% of that business. And we certainly are glad that we invested in Morocco when we did. Would we expand in that business? Yes, we would if we saw the right opportunity that capitalized on our existing strengths, which is really serving the fruit and vegetable market. But everything between Morocco and Turkey right now looks a little bit unstable. I think we're going to sit back and watch. Folding cartons, we like -- in North America, we like the fact that we're in the coated board business and we like being in the Foodservice business and don't see any need or reason to be in the folding carton business.
John V. Faraci: Before Tim takes that one, Mark. The other thing I'd say is we bought out our partner in Turkey but we still have 12% that's held by the public. So -- and we're -- we don't own all of it.
John V. Faraci: We don't give guidance, as you know, and the way I think about it is, where are we going from the second quarter? And we see significant improvement in earnings and cash from operations and free cash flow in the third quarter. And then that's based on how we executed in the second quarter, the run rate in June and what we're seeing at the beginning of July. So I think about a significant improvement in earnings from the second quarter.
John V. Faraci: Yes, I would. I mean, our view -- my view is the article missed important aspects of the story around the joint venture with our Russian partners. And first of all, that joint venture is unique in our industry, but we're in year 6 of what had been very successful commercially, if you look at the impact on International Paper. We've got good governance, and we've got a strong and effective board and joint venture management. And the kind of -- the reality is, here's an example of a Russian company, U.S. company coming together, doing something that neither of us could do on our own. We just completed $1 billion of capital projects to expand, upgrade and modernize and improve the environmental footprint of an important industry in Russia. That project in Siberia is one of the biggest ones in the industry, in Russian industry, I think, in over 30 years. And in one way, we're helping to diversify the Russian economy and business in an industry where they're very competitive, and that's forest products industry. And finally -- or you see it favored by both the Russian and the U.S. government. And I guess, finally, I'd say that the working relationship and trust and mutual respect we've built together over the last 6 years is real, it's important and it's the key reason the joint venture has been successful. So overall, we think it's -- the story about the joint venture is a positive one with a lot of upside and so we're pleased with both JV and the partnership. The joint venture has been successful.
John V. Faraci: I don't think we're seeing a lot of -- there's always pressure; it's a competitive business. So to say there's no pressure on box prices would not be correct. But we're not seeing weak box prices. What's happened is there's been a little bit of compression on margins because containerboard prices have gone up and box prices haven't. There's been a bit of a mix shift and so some of the realization loss we have is not price related, it's mix related. We had a plant in Italy. It was destroyed by an earthquake. We rebuilt that plant, and in the process, we kept most of the customers but some of the customers moved some business in other directions. And so we've got some work to do to rebuild our mix, but I wouldn't say there's a lot of pressure on box prices in Europe other than the normal competitive activity.
John V. Faraci: Still a lot of room, Gail, for this year and certainly more next year for a very balanced use of cash that we've talked about with all of you over time. We're still committed to that. I think we're generating the cash to be able to make decisions consistent with that.
John V. Faraci: It's weather related, Gail. We've seen that OSB and wood products pressure all year because housing has been coming back quite strong. It's -- I think we got 20 inches of rain in the Riegelwood area in the 40-day period. So we got a lot of mills over in that area of Eastover, Georgetown, Augusta, Riegelwood. So the East side is getting hit harder for us than the West.
John V. Faraci: Think of it this way, Mark. If we had to, it takes 18 months plus to do a retrofit of some machine or a greenfield. We can bring on Valliant capacity very quickly, very cost-effectively if the demand was there. And we're going to manage the businesses [indiscernible] to our supply and demand, but we can move very quickly and it would be very cost-effective because we kept the machine and capability basically intact.
John V. Faraci: Tom may not be on but I'd say the -- let me answer that, Mark, quickly. The joint venture is operating well. Operationally, everything is running very well. It always happens when the market is oversupplied. Pricing, as Tom said, has probably hit bottom but there are no signs that it's going to improve next quarter. So we're seeing more of the same. That volume is staying in China. There's very little of it that's -- some is going outside of China to the region, but we're not exporting it all over the world. We have Coated Paperboard business in Russia and Poland and the U.S. and China, so we know overall what we're [ph] all doing. And that capacity was set up to serve the high end of the Chinese market, not necessarily the commodity and the folding boxboard market.
John V. Faraci: Well, let me just summarize for everybody, a solid performance in the first quarter. We're pleased, but the important thing is we've got more runway ahead and you can see that in the third quarter. We're set up well for significant improvement in earnings, cash from operations and free cash flow in the third quarter, and we'll be starting to talk to you about how we see 2014 as the year unfolds. So thanks for being on the call. We'll talk to you next quarter.
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, this is Mark Sutton. Box market realization, if you remember what we said at the end of the first quarter, is about where we thought it would be. So we're on track. The $10 in the second quarter really manifested itself in the last month of the quarter. But as we left Q2, our run rate was north of $30 a ton. So we're pretty much on schedule. We have confidence that we'll have the whole price increase realized just as we did on the first one from last year before the end of this year.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I'd be happy to. July has started off good for us. We had talked about our year-over-year comps for the last couple of quarters, and we've been tracking below our prior year comps. We're beginning to see that turn, as I mentioned a quarter ago, as we now have kind of lapped ourselves in some of the business that we were restructuring right after the Temple close. So, so far in July, we're up over last year and we're up sequentially. So we feel pretty good about it. It's early in the quarter, but we feel pretty good about it.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Adam, I'd say we had a big outage first half of the year, so it was very difficult for us to make any real progress in inventory. So I'd say, in general, we're still a bit on the lean side. We got to learn something in the fourth quarter last year that we will try not to repeat this year in terms of heading into heavy outages with the, not only the amount, but the quality of the inventory, meaning, the right grades and the right location. So I'd say we're still a little bit on the lean side right now.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, the year-over-year volume decline has been a bit of a trend for the last several quarters. And most of it is related to the -- 2 things, really, the acquisition and integration of Temple in the first half of last year. We made some changes commercially to some business that we had. There were some business that Temple was in the process of losing as we closed on the deal. And then as we implemented the price increase last fall, we made further commercial decisions. And so all that business was in last year's comps and it's not in this year's. But we feel real good about our volume trend now in the first quarter and in the second quarter. We've rebuilt some of that volume that we moved away from. And we talk about this. We're overweighted in some segments as a result of 2 big acquisitions and maybe some segments that have struggled a little bit more in this economy versus some other segments. So we're working to rebalance our segment portfolio. And then we have the other 2 channels that we believe are important and I think our margins show the results of that. We feel strongly about the open market in the domestic sense, and we feel strongly about the export open market for kraft linerboard. And so we look at all 3 of those segments and adjust our sales revenue through those segments on a continuous basis to optimize the business and looking at the margins and a few other metrics as our guide.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Gail, the export markets, we saw price increases through the second quarter. I think we're heading into what generally is a seasonally slower period in some of the export markets. We're in pretty much all of them to some degree. So I think we see a stable outlook as we head into the second half of the year, both on volume and probably a pricing standpoint. But the third quarter, in particular, tends to be on balance across the export regions a bit of a seasonally slower period from a demand standpoint.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. There's a machine at Valliant, along with a number of other small opportunities, are things we constantly evaluate to make sure we've got the right capacity and the right geographic locations and the right mix between virgin and recycled liner. So we'll monitor the market. We also -- John mentioned and Carol mentioned the optimization opportunity is a big part of that, is really examining that 17 mill system and ending up with the best footprint we can. So we don't have any immediate plans for that particular asset that you mentioned, but it's definitely something that if we need to, for either volume or cost reasons to deploy it, we would.
Mark Stephan Sutton: It could. I mean, part of what we're doing right now is, what you mentioned, new India. And also from Hood Container, we're buying on a 3-year plan, 2 years left of products from these divested mills. And if it makes sense for us to internalize some of that demand in the future and it likely could, that might play into our plans for internalizing that.
Timothy S. Nicholls: George, it's Tim. Just looking at North American Printing Papers, I would say we had, outside of National Envelope, the quarter that we kind of expected we would, we could have run a little bit better. But if you look at the fundamentals around price and volume and mix, we were kind of flat from first quarter to second quarter. So we knew we were going to have a big outage quarter. We had almost $40 million more in outages. We executed those outages very well. We continue to leverage the export markets at an enterprise level to make sure that we're managing our capacity effectively. And I think that's the plan going forward. We still got opportunities to work with Europe and Brazil and make sure that we're producing product in the right place for the right markets. I also believe there's an opportunity around operations in the second half, now having our outages behind us.
Timothy S. Nicholls: We are, as we look out for the year. Now obviously, in the second quarter, we had a heavy outage quarter. But I think we're looking at it more than just quarter-by-quarter.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim. We haven't seen any significant pressure on cut size. There are -- there's a lot of chatter in the market around imports, the threat of imports, and what might be about to happen. That's been maybe a constant theme over -- quarter-by-quarter over the past year, 1.5 years. It hasn't materialized to date in a significant way, so I think it's more buzz at this point. But there's no doubt there's some marginal tons that are flowing in. But it's marginal tons, very low quantities that are showing up episodically, and I think just one shipment gets talked about 10 times. So no, we have not seen any major pressure on cut size pricing.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, Gail, it's Tim. I wouldn't characterize it that way. I think we're generally seeing fluff pulp continue to grow at the rate similarly that we expect it to. For us, we're bringing on capacity this year that Carol referenced that we're bringing on, trying to, in the most intelligent way possible. So out of the 300,000 ton increment of additional capacity we're probably going to be around 200,000 that flows to the fluff pulp markets. Having said that, we'll get a better benefit out of Franklin because we're going to try to run and we will be out of 300,000 run rate in Franklin on fluff but we'll balance it out with other mill operations on the softwood side. So we still see 4% annual growth on fluff and no real new capacity coming on. So as capacity comes out, it should help but we haven't seen it materially yet.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, Mark, it's Tim. I think a part of it is just seasonal impact. We're in one of the dog days of summer and we saw some markets slow toward the end of the second quarter, continue into the first part of July. I don't expect that to last for the rest of the quarter or the rest of the year. But -- and it's not a significant downturn. It's just on the margin.
Carol L. Roberts: Philip, this is Carol. Yes, that's exactly the math that we see as well. And so as we continue to look at that capital allocation, the first thing we'll do is we'll continue to reevaluate the dividend relative to that free cash flow. And today, we're in the low end of our target range of the 30% to 40% of free cash flow, so that's certainly an option. We'll continue to look at the debt. That always presents an option to see where we want to go with that. Obviously, another mechanism for returning cash to share owners could be through the form of a share buyback. So that's something that we'll look at and talk about. And then we'll also continue to look at what are the best investments for creating value for our share owners for today and tomorrow. So I think the great news is, is we have options and all of those options remain on the table.
Carol L. Roberts: Phil, you're correct that the consuming of the free cash for working capital in the first half of the year was driven by those 2 phenomenons: the seasonality of the business, as well as the Industrial Packaging price increase. Obviously, the Industrial Packaging price increase will stay with us, but your December sales are just very different than your end of your second quarter and even the end of your first quarter. So that will naturally reverse. And if you look underneath, we feel very good about our metrics relative to days sales outstanding, days of inventory and whatnot. So all of those metrics, we feel, are in pretty good control. So we should see a flip back on that by year end.
Carol L. Roberts: I wouldn't speculate on exactly what the number is because like we said, we do have a price increase in North American Industrial Packaging, that's a pretty big business. But it won't be the consumption of working capital that we've had so far through the first 6 months.
Carol L. Roberts: Phil, I would say that things come and go and so I still think that's a good planning assumption for the full year.
Carol L. Roberts: Sure, Gail. Well, let me just talk about the pension real quickly. And as you know, with interest rates rising, the higher discount rate helps on the liability side. And so the rule of thumb for International Paper is about 100 basis points is equivalent to $1.5 billion of liability, given where Treasuries ended at the end of the -- or at least at point of time today. That's probably a $1.2 billion to $1.3 billion reduction in our unfunded liability. And that's all good news. That helped, primarily really, from a credit metric perspective, and then longer term, it should help on the funding side. So that said, the way we think about debt is we want to pay some more debt down. We want to pay that debt down effectively. We've got a number of choices to do that. Now that we've gotten the funds from the building products, we're in a position to work on that. I mean, we've got a great treasury group who's looking at those options. So we're still thinking that the debt reduction for the company this year is going to be in the $600 million to $700 million range of net debt reduction by the time the year is over. That's kind of our planning from this point. And we've also made the one pension cash contribution that was required for 2013. That was only $31 million, but we've taken care of that and that's done.
Phil M. Gresh: Just starting with the free cash flow target for the year of approaching $2 billion. In the first half of year, hear you have about a $400 million headwind from working capital, understanding some of that's seasonally and you also had these containerboard price increases that are flowing through that can impact that. So Carol, I was hoping maybe you could kind of help us think through how you would think about working capital for the year in terms of hitting that number, given the $750 million of free cash in the first half.
Phil M. Gresh: Sure, okay. And then John, I know you're not trying to manage the consensus here, understood, but -- and I guess, if I just kind of look at all these moving pieces around the third quarter, the Street's at $1.15 and it seems to me that there's some headwinds here. So any way you could kind of put a bogey around how we should think about the earnings side of things for this quarter, just to kind of calibrate? I mean, it seems like it might be closer to $1 to me, but I may be off. I was hoping you could maybe put a little bit of parameter on that.
Phil M. Gresh: Okay, fair enough. And then the last question, just on input costs. Any change to your view on this $200 million headwind? I think that you had thought about before for the year in light of what you've talked about with these higher wood prices and other inputs.
