Mark Sutton: Thanks, Glenn. What I’d like to do on the last slide of our prepared remarks is wrap up with our focus for 2017. We expect, as I mentioned earlier, to continue the trend of strong cash generation and returns above our cost of capital. And as I mentioned in my opening remarks, given what we know today and the catalyst we have in play, we have line of sight to grow full year EBITDA by 10%. We have great opportunity to integrate our newly acquired pulp business, drive synergies and improve our overall mix. The acquisition brings us great people, best in class assets, and second to none capabilities. Together with IP’s business, we’ll create significant value for our customers and shareholders over time. We expect higher earnings in our North American Industrial Packaging business, due to benefits from the previously announced price increase, growing demand from our customers, and our own internal improvement initiatives. We also expect to improve margins with continued strong operations and extensive cost reduction efforts across many of our other businesses. Everything is on track for our planned conversion of the Madrid mill in the second half of the year, which will enable a better offering for our customers and earnings improvement for our European Industrial Packaging business. The Ilim JV is well positioned for another strong year of performance. And with the strong free cash flow that comes from all of this, we’ll continue to allocate capital to create value with a near-term focus on debt reduction. I feel good about how International Paper’s positioned and the opportunities we have in front of us that we’re working on. And with that, like to open it up for questions.
Mark Sutton: Philip, hi. The 10% comment is including Weyerhaeuser, so that’s one of the catalysts that I mentioned. And then the improvement in the rest of the company, those two put together, we have line of sight. I haven’t factored in a big piece of Pensacola based on Glenn’s comment on what we think it might end up being net, net given the insurance and all of that. But no, it was pre Pensacola and it included Weyerhaeuser.
Mark Sutton: No, it’s from an actual – closed on the deal in December so we didn’t have any Weyerhaeuser number in our 2016 results. So, it includes Weyerhaeuser going forward.
Mark Sutton: Sure, first on the first part, you know, what Glenn covered earlier is really the estimate we have at the moment. We’re pretty well convinced that we will not be starting back up in the first quarter, so the start up will fall outside. We’ve got more work to do only being 10 or so days in to it.
Mark Sutton: Mark, hi. This is Mark Sutton. We have not seen big impact. I think part of the calculus on that is the total cost of the delivery and the need – some of the online shippers to value propositions as we’ll get it you quickly and there is always a trade off on labor cost and supply cost versus a little bit of waste in the box and the volume pricing. So I think markets tend to find an efficient solution and obviously I think in the future, we will have less air in the boxes, but I believe right now its trade off of postage and all the other cost it takes to pick and pack and ship and get it to customers right away. But I think any time we’ve seen inefficiencies over time in a product or supply chain, you tend to sort them out. And we work on that all the time proactively.
Mark Sutton: Yeah, I wouldn’t think about it as the bottom end of the range. I think it is a reasonably good line of sight to what we know now based on what we have in our economic projections what we see coming out of 2017 which has been discussed a little bit, rising Containerboard and box prices still very strong robust demand, catalyst for the Weyerhaeuser acquisition and our own internal target for improvement that aren’t always commercially related. So, I would say it’s more of a – as we sit here on February 2nd with a reasonable set of outlook assumption, it seems like something we have line of sight too. So maybe that’s a long-winded way of saying it’s a mid case but I think we feel pretty good about being able to do that, again given some of the specific catalysts we have.
Tim Nicholls: Hi, Anthony. It’s Tim. On box shipments, January was pretty strong for us. We don’t have final numbers just yet, but absolute we think will be somewhere between 4% and 5% and roughly flat on the daily. So everything that we saw in the fourth quarter kind of continued over into January. In terms of Pensacola, obviously, first of all, we’re fortunate that we’ve got such a great team and we’ve got such a really good manufacturing system for containerboards. So we’ve got one mill down. Our inventories, I think, we had told you in the fourth quarter, were tight and we’re already managing a very complicated supply chain. Having said that, we’ve got tremendous flexibility in the system we have. And so we’re looking at all our options as to how we accommodate the capacity that we need and make sure we keep our customers with product. I don’t think that’s going to be a problem in the first quarter. So, we’re lean and we’re running hard but I think we’ve got a lot of options around the other 15 mills in the United States to make sure that we’re meeting all of our commitments.
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it’s Tim. We’ll be behind from a margin standpoint, I think price increase, as we exit the first quarter, will probably have 85% to 90% of the price increase implemented and we expect a full realization, the offset obviously is the pressure that we’ve seen with input cost.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think that is right, Mark. Looking at it year-over-year you remember the price was published down in January. But that had a bit of a delay as it rolled in based on contracts. There’s a lot of contracts that get impacted, and then we had more favorable input cost in the first part of last year than certainly we had at the end of last year and that’s continued into the first quarter of this year.
Tim Nicholls: Now, we feel comfortable with our exact estimate, but I think as we go through the quarter, we’ll know that and we’ll be able to update everyone accordingly when it happens. And to your question on batch, it’s not our plan. Our focus is getting the continuous digester back up and getting the line back up the way it’s configured to run. In terms of customers, you’re right. I don’t think we have any expectations at this point in customers in the first quarter. A little hard not knowing exactly the estimate as we go out in to the second quarter, but at the moment I think we’ll be okay. We’ve got any number of options in terms of how we can manage the system and we’re exploring all of those and starting to put plans in place. So I’m pretty confident the team is going to respond very well and I think we will be in good shape. And if anything were to change in a material way of course we would update.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I’d just say for, I think the extent of the damage we have and those pieces of equipment I can’t tell you when it will happen. I know it won’t happen this quarter, but we don’t have any indication that it’s going to be in the second half of the year that we’re still working on this. I think we’ve got the ability to replace the equipment that was damaged in a shorter timeframe.
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Gail, it’s Tim. Yeah, I mean, it’s a little bit difficult to know. I think some of the things you’d look to be the usual suspects. China demand has been stronger. We do know that during the course of the last year, there were some disruptions in Chinese internal OCC recovery because of floods and production issues and other things. So, here in the U.S., generation, [indiscernible] the issue and I know people have mentioned the impact of e-commerce and supply chain seeming more fragmented in terms of box collection recovery. I think the big question though, not knowing exactly where it will go as we leave the first quarter and go in to the second. The big question in my mind centers around China and how close they might be to practical recovery limits of internal OCC to the country. And if they are starting to bump up against that, then their OCC demand will have to be filled from other parts of the world.
Tim Nicholls: Well, we haven’t seen anything as such. And you have to keep in mind, Chinese New Year and the impact. I don’t think we’ll know. There was fairly heavy buying, ahead of trends, and you’ll have to see what happens when they come out of the holiday and machine starts starting up again.
Tim Nicholls: Well, I’m not technical expert, but I think there’d be a lot of plumbing and rerouting of things. I don’t think it’s the most efficient thing for us to do. The best thing for us to do is focus on getting the fluff line up and running. We have commitments to customers that Jean-Michel could talk about, so we’re going to work on that as priority and then get the continuous digester up and running as efficiently and quickly as possible.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, I don’t want to comment on any specific customer. We service a broad range of online and distribution customers in the space. It’s growing rapidly. I would say fourth quarter I think we’re up over 10% just e-commerce distribution combined and we expect that term to continue.
Tim Nicholls: No, this is Tim. I think we like what we have especially on the Containerboard side, the fluff pulp operation figure as well.
Glenn Landau: Again that that $50 million is an estimate and that’s a greater than $50 million, but to your question, Mark, this is Glenn, yes, business interruption, lost sales, mix, freight all those factors would be covered by insurance after the deductible.
Glenn Landau: Yeah, this is Glenn Landau. Certainly, the rain has helped. There were some pretty easy comps though. So you have to keep that in mind, but we saw a strong performance in our agricultural segment in the fourth quarter. No reason to believe that it won’t be strong in 2017. Just from a segment standpoint, we also saw process foods recovering. Our fourth quarter was pretty good on that front. Protein, which after coming of a couple years of issued that various segments approaching were working through. We saw the beginnings of recovery there as well. And so we’re in the midst of updating models for 2017. I think everything we’ve seen so far were still kind of in the 1%, 1.5% range and really haven’t seen anything that would make us think it’s going to be less than that.
Glenn Landau: Hey, Mark, this is Glenn. Yes, the fourth quarter is seasonally the strongest quarter for Brazilian paper. What happens there is essentially that’s the build for the new school year that starts in the southern hemisphere and essentially in late January after Carnival. So, it’s a build for that demand pull. Net, net though it was just seasonal demand while we saw some signs of growth in the third quarter, this is going to be a slow recovery in Brazil. We’re not seeing or feeling incremental demand associated with recovery at this point and I think that applies as well to packaging. So at this point in time steady, not going backwards, but no real economic driven demand growth.
Glenn Landau: Well, Chip, as you know, we’ll keep all our options open, but we do not have any required pension contributions in either one of the years you’ve referenced, but not this year or next.
