Mark Sutton: Thank you, Jay, and good morning, everyone. Thanks for your interest in International Paper and for taking time to join our quarterly call. I'm going to start on slide 5. International Paper delivered a solid performance in the first quarter. Our team successfully managed the business to improve margins and improve earnings. This is enabling International Paper to continue to deliver strong results. Extreme weather had some impact on our results in North America. Although, our operations overall performed well. We saw particularly strong results out of the Ilim joint venture in Russia. As margins expanded due to our strong export position. Our research in EBITDA margin, absolute EBITDA and free cash flow, all improved year-over-year. Overall, we're pleased with how we operated and with our results in the first quarter. We feel like we're off to a good start to 2015. Continuing with our financial results on slide 6. EPS was $0.84 a share for the first quarter. And, this includes $0.04 of unfavorable Ilim FX impact. Our EBITDA margin was up 120 basis points versus the first quarter of last year. EBITDA grew by $32 million year-over-year. And, free cash flow improved to $319 million, up from $252 million in the first quarter of 2014. If we dive a little deeper into margins, you can see on slide 7 that we're successfully managing our margins across our key businesses. Global dynamics are different in each of these regions and across the businesses. But, our teams are finding ways to drive improved performance in the face of these challenges. Despite the economic backdrop, we're finding ways to continue to win and improve results. And, with that, I'll turn it over to Carol to cover the details in the quarter and the second-quarter outlook.
Mark Sutton: Chip I will ask Mike who runs our consumer packaging business and North American papers to take the first one and Tim Nicholls will do the second question.
Mark Sutton: We do. If the year is one quarter down and three corners to go. It's a steep challenge as we laid out. But we do believe we need to shoot for 5% EBITDA growth. We have some plans that put us within striking distance of that and we are hopeful and we've got a lot of time left in the year to do that. We've probably got about a 4% year-over-year in the first quarter but the challenges steeper. But that something we still have our eyes on.
Mark Sutton: As you can imagine there's a number of things going on Mark. First of all were buying less board on the outside because we have less requirement to do so. We are needing to take board for all of our channels to market. Second of all were getting ready for what is going to be our largest outage quarter of the whole year. It's a big step up first quarter was big it's a big step or up the first quarter. And then lastly we ran better in the first quarter than we did in the fourth. But we still didn't run particularly well so we were scrambling a bit to try to get the building product in our pipeline are going to need as we go through the area.
Mark Sutton: Not quite, we built 60,000 inventory we would've liked a probably a little bit more. If you think about it in terms of our system that’s less than two days of production and we’re going through a very heavy season. So it's close to what we wanted but probably a little bit on the light side.
Mark Sutton: From a supply demand balance I guess you're asking really on a worldwide basis. You're still seeing we are still seeing a large supply position out there relative to demand. And that's something that we understand and we look at and manage but that still the case.
Mark Sutton: This is one of these situations that come up maybe not too often where you've got a win-win. This was primarily a move driven by our fluff position. And trying to improve our position in that business. For the long-term.
Mark Sutton: I think for a company that has a scale that we haven't to be able to move the needle you have to keep all of your strategic options available to you. So it's probably will be a little bit of all of the above that you just talked about. For I think you will see is more opportunities with projects like Valliant the build upon a strong position business or region and to improve that position. And that something that we have not really done a lot of lately because we were doing some large M&A work and sort of build the company we have today. So I think some of this goes in cycles but back to my comments on ROIC the measure to look at where you know work to create value against that backdrop looking to maintain a solid spread above our cost of capital, and what we do will need to pass that test.
Mark Sutton: We’re seeing a seasonal pickup in April. The first court economic activity was lighter than we would have hoped coming into the quarter. We had a little bit of a soft margin things kind of settled out but I think that we are seeing kind of a normal seasonal pickup and second quarter is a big order for us. It's a lot of fresh fruit and vegetable and so I'd say April so far is seasonally up.
Mark Sutton: Export demand has been pretty good. You read all the headlines from the newspapers and you'd think that it would take a hit, but we've seen the FX in Europe from a demand standpoint it's been really consistent.
Mark Sutton: What we constantly do is make choices around customers. And some of what hit us in the first quarter was choices around customer mix that we had made in the fourth quarter and those finally came fully through. In the first quarter. Yes over the next quarter or two we could be caught depending on what the market does, down a little bit or close. But what we’re trying to do is manage the portfolio across all the segments that we serve to make sure we're picking the right pieces of the business to make right sense for us for long-term. So it's kind of a constant evaluation that we go through and we were a little bit light in the quarter. But I don't think that is be concerned.
Mark Sutton: We evaluate the test liner integration benefits and level on a continuous basis. There was a time where we were 35% integrated we had a mill in France that we closed. We have good integration level in our business in Morocco, we have a couple of mills in Turkey, we really look at it on in available paper type of segments we choose to participate in. Our business as I've mentioned before is largely built around the Mediterranean region and fresh food areas that a heavy craft liner and semi can media market. That's the primary focus of that market. And we view the craft liner as an extension in between our North American box system. So as we think about strategic development of the business the need to make some of our own test liner or more than we do today will continuously be evaluated. But there is ample supply in Europe for companies that are configured like us so the availability of the paper is there. It has to be the right economic and has to be the right quality. With the way to different products were making. There could be a scenario where make sense to make more but right now we feel like our position is in a good spot will be evaluated on a continuous basis and will be in and out overtimes of test liner.
Mark Sutton: It's hard to tell what happens to the course of the year a little bit the first quarter. Second quarter is when we naturally pick up around produce fresh fruit and vegetables so we'll have to see. Yet still dry. What has helped is the port situation. Just there were agricultural products that were sitting in ports spoiling. Among other things. And having that resolved in the supply chain starting to correct themselves is going to be a help.
Mark Sutton: I think some of the spending that you referenced really was about hoping some position and some new markets. All most by design you're going to spend early on greater depreciation. I think our view is spending is up percentage of Bruce appreciation more portly IBR capital spend it as a percentage of our revenue and where we think we can generate these returns on invested capital in excess of our cost of capital. Again back to that is a more focused filter work that's where you'll begin to see more capital in the strategic reinvestment category invested where we really believe we can create that sustained value. And it will be looking at capital as a percentage of our revenue and also as a percentage of depreciation and looking at that together.
Mark Sutton: Not sure I understand why you would include that are you thinking maybe we did the highest once first? Correct
Mark Sutton: No that’s not a good conclusion. What drives the timing on projects like this is the return is honestly important but there is an acceptable group of projects Mike described the market demands of our customers. The timing of bringing product into the market. You think about Valliant part of that timing was based on May versus by and the role of our agreements. On the fluff project we have the customer base we want and that customer base so that drove the timing more than it was the highest to returns we had. So I think the kinds of projects you'll be seeing in the future will be in this range and better. Not worse.
Mark Sutton: I think that for the whole company because we export a lot of things from the U.S.. I don't Nick we've seen a significant offset in the export arena . They are puts and takes but nothing that's shown up materially as an offset to the pressures you described.
Mark Sutton: I can't talk about anything in detail. The what you're referring to is we talked about a couple calls and as a couple of conferences and that is we constantly need to reevaluate our positions in our strategy and looking at places that we really believe on the long-term International Paper can win. So the international regions that we are in today are under evaluation and as you can see from decisions we've made even domestically with the coated paperboard repositioning our positions in the U.S. are under evaluation all against the backdrop of can we win long-term and produce returns that are in excess of our cost of capital. Maybe not all at the same time in any moment at time but that's the goal, get the company's return on invested capital to be balanced in any part of the company in the long-term contribute to the target. With that as backdrop we have work to do I'm not prepared to talk about any conclusions, but rest assured that work is being done.
Mark Sutton: I think in the Brazil piece one of the issues with the IP numbers was we had a tremendous first quarter in 2014. Without the lion share some incremental demand the came out of some government programs and we didn't have that this particular quarter. So our comp was particularly difficult. But we are not losing our position in our business in our margins in the paper business in Brazil, we're still very strong. It was really more of a timing and comp issue more than anything else in the Brazil paper demand paper drop off. Now the coated board in China I think part of what we’re doing in our coated board business in China we made those investments to make the high-end of the market. And were continuing to upgrade our mix and in some cases base on the supply demand economics and margin pressures it was the right economic decision for us to make less of those lower and general folding carton grades and more of the higher-end grades that go into more sophisticated packaging. And just make less product to make a better result. So that demand relative to the market is self-inflicted and the right decision for us because our strategy was to make the high-end grades.
Mark Sutton: I think it is no change in our view on that. I think the three times leverage is the right place for International Paper over time. You've obviously seen us go above that that we did it and we got it back they quickly. So I think the strategy we would have on any kind of investment that would require us to increase our leverage would be along those lines where if we did it, we already have a plan to get it back . And as we announced the transaction the transaction to be announced in the plan of how we get our leverage `we think it's important the long-term health the company and to be a long-term value creator that being in that zone is important.
Mark Sutton: First of all we shift through multiple channels and we expect all those channels to earn their keep. So when we see margin pressure were looking for ways to recover that or shift from one channel to another. So we did get hit on the container port side with currency and we've had a number of increases that we've pushed through as we went through the first part of the year we haven't recovered all the currency impact. I'm not sure which slide you're looking at it if you're looking at the container business on page 31 most of what you see there is pretty small movements. And most of that is mix. We just experience. Should. We sell to a lot of customers or a lot of different types of boxes there is a fairly broad distribution of price given box construction. And so most of what you see there is mix on price as of the boxes were selling. Margins are margin structure from quarter to quarter was dead flat.
Mark Sutton: The consumer packaging business not only in the U.S. but globally where we do it, we do some of that business in Europe. We do some in China. Is an important business for us. We are surgically targeted to certain segments with certain substrates. We don't have a full line of substrates we don't have a full line of converting and that seems to be working for us. In our recent history we've tried some other methods to grow that business with other types of converting. With varying degrees of success or lack thereof. So we’re going to be very careful with how we look to grow that business, but it is an important business for us. We really like the North American SBS base business and the converting that we do. But again back to my earlier comments anything we do in consumer packaging or any of the other businesses we will have to be convinced that it drives the return on invested capital of the overall company. And even though we have two mill system or emerging into a two mill system SBS for packaging grades those are two enormous mills that have a significant capacity and product capability that are best in class in the world. So I don't go by the number of mills I look at the number of customers we serve and the growth rates of those customers and where we think we can add value and be competitive. And that will be the test we use on whether or not we grow and more converting. It's not, we just need to do it to be like every else, it's about value creation.
Mark Sutton: The Brazil packaging business is in the same market, experiencing the same dynamics as our paper business. So demand has been a challenge. What we have done is we have improved internally how we're operating the mills that we have there. They are relatively small mills by our U.S. scale but they have the same kinds of challenges and problems so we are deploying our capabilities of manufacturing excellence and other tools we use to improve those mills. And we’re seeing some results there. So internal self-help improvement on how we operate. And on the box plants it's a number of things. It's improving our capability to serve customers through the supply chain improvements and also adding a little bit of automation to lower our fixed cost and we are making progress on all those fronts. We’re not losing position in our packaging business. We've got some really important customers that are having a tough go of it and so as their business contracts a bit we contract. So we've got to figure out the commercial side and replace some of that business but I think when the economy in Brazil improves, when the government reforms take hold the packaging business is going to be much better positioned to perform in a better environment than it was when we made the acquisition.
Mike Amick: As far as the timing of the regal would conversion without really referencing what others may or may not doing we are just reacting to the need that we have within our system to meet the strategic business and the demands that we see growing across the world. So this decision is very timely for us. And were excited about the opportunity and the value this will create for our customers and for share owners going forward.
Mike Amick: It is a technical cell. It is a product that requires a fair amount of engineering and qualification process is quite lengthy. So it is a sale. As I said it's a qualification process. And there are typically contracts as well. But that varies depending upon the customer and the situation.
Mike Amick: Your first question was around the printing piece of that. That business represents about 15% of our total capacity. So roughly in the neighborhood of call it 250,000 tons of capacity is what's being made at our Riegelwood facility directed at printing papers market.
Mike Amick: As you're seeing as you're seeing reported in the industry numbers, there has been some pullback in reduction in imports coming into the U.S.. As far as going from a kind of a timeline standpoint the IPC rules is now on the hands of the Department of Commerce. And we'll see expect to see an answer or ruling from them on duties or potential duties sometime in June.
Tim Nicholls: They're pretty small because most of the business over there is focused on industrial and test liner. We do have a big fresh fruit and vegetable segment and we do sell board out of North America and we are the main supplier for craft Virgin, but on a total bases and this is a little bit of a round number, but I would say we are probably close to 15 to [indiscernible] percent of their total by. But a big portion of the Virgin craft piece.
Tim Nicholls: Most of the movement that we've seen as really been currency related out of Europe. We haven't really seen any movement and other regions world. And the price we've announced price increases on Europe shipments is there going out we started earlier this year but that's only made up about half of the impact on currency so I'd say it's Europe on currency and yes there's some pressure, there's been some spot prices here and there but nothing structural that we have seen so far in other parts of the world.
Tim Nicholls: We'll see how the quarter plays on talk to you the end of the second quarter. Like I said it's usually our strongest quarter in terms of volume. And we’re seeing seasonal lift so far. So we feel okay about it.
Tim Nicholls: Well we are constantly looking every year we have a certain amount of initiative baked in and it's across the board. We had extremely good performance in our converting operations in the first quarter both on waste on per foot. In the middle system we are targeting cash costs every year. We did not run as well as we wanted to in the first quarter but we ran a lot better than that in the fourth quarter and we feel good about the rest of the year. So it's going to be running the mills more reliably and running better from a input consumption standpoint. Supply chain continues to be a big opportunity for us. And running the mills reliably helps that because we there's freight logical statements from mills to converting facilities and when were up and down in mill facilities it makes it a little bit harder to keep supply chain in line. I think we've got a pretty good plan for this year in terms of improvement. Across converting mills and.
Tim Nicholls: Yes I don't to get going to be a huge shift for us. I just don't see the medium having a big impact on performance systems.
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would prefer not to call out exactly what it is because it would give some insight into some of the stuff but it was pretty much in accounting thing. We go ahead and approve code I funds for capital and once we make a decision let's they were not going to permit pursue something let's keep her book straight. It was enough that I felt that we needed to call it out but that's about the detail I'll be guilty give you.
Carol Roberts: I think there is a good shot to hit that number a lot will depend on how things turn out. We are performing well we've got graced cost positions a lot of depend on demand out of China for pulp and kind of where the currency goes another stakes. Relative to the dividend it's going to be very cash positive so a lot of that will depend on Ilim board will make that decision will be around that debt covenants and will be for lack of cash. So we feel very good about that business and think we’re going to have a very strong year.
Carol Roberts: Steve, the FX was a big factor translating those Brazilian sales in the euro sales in two dollars was a big impact. And that's the majority of it.
Carol Roberts: It probably is but think about the first quarter is probably a lower cost quarter because we have an annual increase that hits April 1. But there could be a little bit of movement it should be reasonable. The only other area there would be incentive comp can move around quarter to quarter and that is not insignificant.
Carol Roberts: I would hesitate to quote a number. I would have to go back and do the math. One thing I would say because it is a pulp business it is going to be a bit of a cyclical is this your going to have some peaks that are going to be really awesome and you don't know when those might be, so it could be a very strong number that I would have to go back and look before I would speculate on where the earnings would be, but Jay would be a good one follow-up on that.
