John Faraci: Okay, Tim, thanks. I'm on Slide 24 now. And looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to continue to generate strong earnings and free cash flow but at seasonally lower levels than the third quarter, and that's why a lot of this chart you're looking at shows yellow. We're into the fourth quarter, and we all know from experience that November, December and January are usually the seasonally slowest quarters in our industry. We expect Paper Packaging volumes to decline in line with those seasonal demand trends. We expect stable Paper Packaging pricing. Maintenance outages are going to be about $30 million higher at fourth quarter than they were in the third. We do expect higher OCC costs because we ended the quarter with higher OCC costs, and we expect slightly higher cost, cornstarch costs in the fourth quarter. xpedx earnings, like the rest of our Paper Packaging businesses in North America, will also experience a seasonal slowdown after we get through October. And we expect stable contributions from Ilim, again remember, that's on a one quarter lag. And obviously, since we completed the last of our forest land sales, Forest Products' earnings are going to be off by $50 million. So this is the last slide I have here, and this just summarizes our third quarter results and our outlook for the fourth quarter. Volumes continue to recover in line with economic recovery and finished stronger at the end of the third quarter. Our average selling prices increase as the quarter progressed, reflecting a continued realization of our announced price increases. Our mills and converting plants continue to operate very well. Input costs, primarily OCC and chemicals, at the end of the quarter were flat but slightly higher than we expected. We've capitalized and continue to capitalize on the restructuring efforts, and that shows up in our increased margins and in generation of very strong earnings and free cash flow. Looking ahead to the fourth quarter, we expect to be strong but seasonally slower as I said. We anticipate that the fourth quarter performance will basically be similar to the third quarter after we adjust for the seasonal volume declines and the higher maintenance outages, some minimal input cost inflation and the impact of the recurring items, which we talked about, including the land sales and the bad debt recovery. So I'll just sum up saying, we're very pleased with our postrecession progress. Our earnings and free cash flow come back faster and stronger than prior recovery periods despite the fact that this latest recession was the deepest and longest in 80 years. And I call 2010 a transition year, not a full recovery year. So as Tim said, I think we're setting the stage for a continued improvement in earnings, free cash flow and returns as we go into 2011. And with that, Tom, I guess we'll open it up for questions.
John Faraci: Let me just step in and, I guess, say what Tim's already said. Part of our capital allocation process is returning cash to shareowners. That's why we want to be really clear with shareowners about that. And as we move into 2011, we'll be speaking with the Board of Directors about moving our dividend from where it is to a higher level, which we think is sustainable over the cycle.
John Faraci: I wouldn't want to speculate, George, about what we're going to do going forward. I would say we've sized our footprint in North America and in Europe to what we think is demand, and that's having a huge impact on company's cost structure. We're now running full instead of taking a lot of downtime. We're going to continue to manage our capacity very carefully. The good thing about International Paper, at this point in time, is we've got a set of businesses that can earn cost-of-capital returns over the cycle. I don't think the cycle has disappeared. But hopefully, the cycles aren't as volatile as they had been given our geographic balance and the fact that we're managing our capacity very closely to demand.
John Faraci: No, I don't, George, for this reason: We're really tilted in Europe to the East. Our European business is heavily weighted to Eastern Europe and Russia, Poland. Our facility in Svetogorsk, where Eastern Europe demand growth is still positive and the markets are growing. And the Box business there, our unit volume is up 7% at the least. And we really positioned ourselves in the ag business in Southern Europe, Northern Africa and Turkey. Our Turkey volume is up 20% year-over-year. And we're also doing a good job in the industrial markets, in places like France, in winning business. So with a focused sales effort, even in a weak economy, we've been winning some business. So clearly, Western Europe, and we got 1 mill in Western Europe now, Saillat, which is France, is serving a market that is mature, like the U.S. market, although it didn't look like it got the same structural decline underlying it, maybe down one to two. So we think we're well positioned over there. And as I say, what's contributed in improving the returns are really three things: we've done restructuring to get two mills that were high cost and losing money out of the system, we've improved our mix at Svetogorsk significantly by making more liquid packaging board and aseptic packaging and we're growing our volume in the Box business. And those three things, internally, have really been a big driver of the earnings in addition to the price improvement.
John Faraci: Over there and the biggest piece of Consumer Packaging was the Coated Paperboard business. That's where the capital is tied up. The Foodservice is right on the edge. And we're pretty confident that we've got plans there on, really, volume and mix to get the cost-of-capital returns. Our challenge is Shorewood. But Shorewood got very little capital tied up in Shorewood, so it's not a needle mover. And what we need to do is stabilize revenues there and rightsize the North American footprints to the level of demand we have.
John Faraci: Well, we run the business, the Containerboard business on an integrated basis, Mark. Although we measure all of the box plants on their own standalone profitability because those general manager challenge to make standalone profit with a capital tied up there. But the end of the day, you look at the return for all the capital we have invested in the business because we're about 80% integrated. And so on that basis, as Tim said, we made an 11% return in the third quarter, and we think we can build on that going forward. As far as box demand goes, I mean, you may even kind of draw these charts anyway you want. I think the simplest way to do it is just look at U.S. Box shipments over the last 15, 20 years, and 2008 was not a great year for box demand. I think the box demand was down relative to the 2004, '05, '06, and '07, so we kind of say that maybe represents the mid-cycle year. And we're still 4% below where we were the first part of 2008, and that's with 20% of the market, which is the durable segment, being really, really soft. I mean, take the housing-related sectors, we're not going to have 500,000 housing starts forever. Who knows when they're going to return to more of a normal level but that normal level is like 1.5. And so I think there's a lot of pent-up box demand associated with the U.S. economy over time returning to its more normal level of economic activity. So we don't see the Box business as the one that can't have 1% to 3% growth over the next 5 to 10 years. There'll be up cycle in it for sure. But I mean, using that comparison I gave you of today versus beginning of 2008, I think, is a good reference point.
John Faraci: Though we've announced that machine, we haven't started it yet. In the Box business, the objective is not to grow. The objective is to make money, so we've got plenty of capacity. The SCA plant is running at about 40% of capacity. So the objective there is to profitably sell that volume out, and we think we can do that. Our legacy business, that was part of our packaging business over there, was growing at double-digit levels this year. And we think, going forward, we can get the SCA business do the same thing.
John Faraci: Let me talk about Europe for a minute. We are non-integrated there, Mark, and our earnings in Europe are up significantly year-over-year even with higher containerboard prices. So it's called delta P, difference between price of paper and the selling price. We've done a great job of managing the mix of business, so that we've had marginal erosion on delta P because there's no way we could have improve our earnings by almost 50% in that business year-over-year just on volume. It's on being able to maintain margins. I think the industry, both in paper in North America -- and I'll let Carol jump in here, Carol Roberts, if she wants to add anything. But in both those businesses, the nature of the business and the industry has change. So I don't think looking back at history is necessarily the determining factor in saying what margins will be or can be. I think it's all about what the industry shape and that supply and demand look like going forward. And we were dramatically different company in terms of our structure and what we think about the business than we were five, 10 years ago. And that's true both in paper and in packaging. So I don't think the past is any indicator of what margins will be or could be. They're going to be determined by what happens going forward.
John Faraci: Well, the full-on effect really impacts our customers more directly than it impacts us. It certainly has second-order effect implications of keeping products out of the U.S. because of the other stronger currencies, let's say, in Europe, but to the extent that our customers are export oriented. And then our Consumer Packaging business and our Industrial Packaging business, we have a lot of customers who are export oriented. That help them grow their business, and that helps us grow our business because obviously our business is going to be as good as our customers. The next challenge is, Mark, in Brazil.
John Faraci: And some of the markets, Gail, the mill nets are better than they are domestically, but that typically the spot market in export not, as Carol said, the strategic market. But margins have improved there to where they're comparable, which is what you would expect in a tight supply-demand market globally. That's where we are for kraft liner board.
John Faraci: There's probably going to be a drift down, Gail, because we've had a step change in wood costs. We don't see another step change in wood costs until chips supply has come back on. There's a huge chunk of the wood supply in the South that's still on the sidelines because of the weak demand in housing, and that's the big source of our fiber. When we don't have that, we got to go further to get wood. So I don't think there's going to be -- even though we have good inventories and big step change in wood costs, it'd just be a drift.
John Faraci: Pete, I'm just looking here, I'd say Europe was up. Boxes were up. At this end of the quarter in our Boxes were up. Pulp was down. Bleach board, Tom just talked about, was up. In Asia, bleach board was down. And in export markets, it was kind of stable. Export markets, paper out of Brazil and containerboard out of the U.S.
John Faraci: Pete, if you look at the -- it's in the appendix, I think it's Slide 47. You see what pattern the OCC price is indexed, and OCC prices in 2009 were a huge tailwind. This year, there are headwind. That said, we actually benefit from higher OCC prices because it moved the cost curve up. And we're running 35% OCC relative to virgin fiber.
John Faraci: We're still committed to managing our supply base, wherever we are, and we don't see a -- Franklin was a very tough decision. It was a hard one to make because of the impact on the community and the employees, but we needed to make it. And the benefits of having made that tough decision are showing up now. We really haven't looked at demand offsetting what's going on in the U.S. because the only supply position we have is kind of inter region, it's Brazil and the Europe. And that's replacing the high costs of mill, non-integrated mill we shut down on Scotland. And we're going to pull that volume back into Latin America, and so Latin American region grows. We're practically out of capacity in Russia. So between Ilim and International Paper looking at how we can meet the demand in that market, we continue with Eastern Europe grows. All we do is we just tighten up our mix to the highest margin markets for paper and bleach board out of Poland. And we know that Western Europe is going to be flat at best, and the U.S., over time, is going to decline. But this year next year, it could be flat to up, at least. Flat was unemployment at 10%. And with cut size being attach to white collar employment in terms of consumption, that's pretty good outcome.
John Faraci: Steve, across International Paper, the future earnings runway is not just volume and price. We've got pretty healthy and sizable margin expansion strategies in each of the business, which are independent on what happens to volume and price, which is good news because it means we've got a platform for improving our margin and earnings going forward, no matter what the macro environment is.
John Faraci: Pricing in this business and all other business is a function of demand, supply and inventory levels. And I guess I would just say, we don't think about it as economic rents. We think about what are the fundamentals of the business. Export demand remains healthy. Inventories, as Carol said, are at historic lows. And Box demand in the U.S., it's positive, and those are all good.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, that's a good point, Rick. We talked about balance, that doesn't mean it comes in a sequential fashion. Clearly, we're making progress on debt reduction, and we're nearing the targets that we have set for ourselves. Dividends continue to be a priority, and I'd say that nothing has changed in our thinking there. What we're trying to do is make choices that drive shareowner value longer term, and we want to get to a dividend level that's affordable, sustainable for the long term. We will be talking to our board about that as we exit the year this year and go into 2011, and we'll talk about that when changes have been made. But I just remind everyone, it feels like the second quarter was a long time ago but that's when we took the last action on the dividend to increase it to the $0.50 level. So it's only been one quarter at this point.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, on the share repurchase, I think we still have $250 million or $300 million from the last authorization, which goes back, I guess, to the 2007 time frame. On the pension, we don't expect any required cash contribution in 2011. And at the moment, we really don't expect any significant one in 2012. Based on need, we could continue to make voluntary contributions as we go into next year.
Timothy Nicholls: And I think, Mark, if you look at it, we see some of the same types of opportunities, combining those two businesses, that we saw around the synergies and warehouse and combining it with our legacy business. So we've had it for 90 days. And I think it takes time, but I think it'll come quickly.
Timothy Nicholls: Gail, we expect this as -- it's been coming down since the peak during the second quarter. And right now, we've got great conditions to keep managing it down. So I think it'll keep drifting down through the fourth quarter and into the first, unless, all of a sudden, the weather changes dramatically. But if you recall, this time last year, the mid-South and Southeast was pretty much underwater. We couldn't even get into the woods to harvest. We took the opportunity during the summer to build better inventory levels going into the wet season, and now we've had the benefit of the wet season not coming so quickly. So I expect it'll keep moving down into next year.
Timothy Nicholls: They did come in pretty much in line with what we were expecting, and they're reflected in all of the businesses results. What didn't come through quite as much as we thought it would, would be the change in LIFO expense, and that can be somewhat volatile. But that came in a little bit better than what we were thinking.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it does, but we'll see at the end of the year when we remeasure everything. I mean, on a net-net-net basis, I think we've made some ground with pension contributions this year. Our performance, return on assets, has been pretty good. Right now, if I had to estimate it, I'd say we're somewhere between 10% and 11% return on assets and the plan. So we'll see what happens with the interest rates. That's the number that can move the GAAP dramatically, but I feel pretty good about where we are right now.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you can carry it forward, and that's exactly what we would look to do. And if we see that there's a benefit there that we can realize, we'll try to time it, such that anything that we're giving back is timed close to when we would file an amended return and get the benefit from the cellulosic biofuel credit.
Timothy Nicholls: Without going through the number by number, we were realizing price increases right through the quarter. So I don't know if each of the Business Manager wants to speak to their own piece. But I guess the way I'd summarize it, Pete, is we're pleased with where we are. In containerboard, for instance, on a year-to-date basis, we're up $95 through the end of the quarter. So we had a very large number of announced increases. And I think, at this point, we're 85% of those announced increases for the operating businesses.
Timothy Nicholls: I think we'll be going to look at it kind of year-by-year, Mark. That doesn't mean that we won't come to potentially a determination at a point in time and say what we think the overall benefit it and then reflect that in our earnings, but we're still sorting through all of that. So it's just not clear at this point whether they'll be one quarter where we estimate the benefit and take the benefit or whether we'll work it out over time. The benefit itself, if it comes, will likely be over time.
Carol Roberts: Gail, I would say the current environment still feels very good. We saw pretty good demand in the third quarter. The industry stats, up 2.6% year-over-year, and we've seen that growth continue. September was a strong month. So as I look at the overall picture, the things that we say are important, balancing our supply to our demand, remains the number one priority. So when you look across, you see slow steady Box growth. We see strong export demand. We see still inventory at still historically low levels, particularly on weeks of supply. So it's still feels very much imbalance for us, and we're going to continue to manage that. So I feel very good about the fundamentals in Industrial Packaging right now.
Carol Roberts: Well, Gail, as you know, even when we went through the tight times, we view exports strategically as an important part of our portfolio, with a 10-million ton footprint. So we did not exit the export markets through this past year. So our export shipments have held up pretty well. We did get an opportunity to grow with that this past year, which has been good. So we've been in those markets this whole time. And as everybody knows, the pricing in those markets has gone up due to supply-demand balance, and that's been good for us. So those markets remained good. They remained strong for us, and the fact that we were there throughout has helped us with our customer relation.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Pete. That's a good question. If you look at the operations, where we have done better, we've got the full benefit of the rationalization. Our consumption cost in our mills for fiber, energy are down. And I'm sitting next to my boss here, but what really held us back is if you just look at the incentive comp and the fuller [ph] corporate charges year-over-year, they are quite different. And that's kind of masking a bit the on-the-ground improvement that we're getting in our Box plants and in our mills. But I think, over time, that, that will become transparent and work its way out. But those are kind of put into the same bucket because they are costs from wherever they come from. But I do feel good about the progress we're making in our operations and in the cost lines that matter over time.
Carol Roberts: On the integration benefits, we pretty much have gotten the integration benefits. So we're not calling that integration anymore. We really completed that fast and early. What we're working on now is continuing to unlock the potential of the combined business, so that's our continuing improvement efforts. And there's still a lot yet to be done. Examples are great rationalizations through the system, the closure of the two mills that we did. We just, in the Box side, announced the tough stuff that we did, another plant closure in Spartanburg, a downsizing at Shreveport. So we still got a lot of opportunity of what the combined businesses can do together and what we can leverage, both in the market and on the cost side. But I would say that from integration perspective, we're done.
Carol Roberts: Sure, Mark. To be honest, yes, we were surprised that the increase was rescinded. We had announced and implemented with our board customers and we were actively talking to our box customers. That said, we have not changed our view of what we believe is important for International Paper, which is balancing our supply to our demand. And today, once again, we see slow steady box growth, we see strong export demand. We see historically low levels of inventory, given the current box demand. And these are all good indicators for the health of our business and the actions that we're going to take going forward. And you have to remember, we're running fairly full right now, but it's in a footprint that's 10% smaller than it was when we started this journey. So it's not going to change that path that we stay on and what we're trying to get done here.
Carol Roberts: I think you just have to evaluate points in time for the merits of them at that point in time. And I think John said earlier, history isn't necessarily the dictator of the future, and you just have to manage your business as it presents itself. And our fundamentals and our beliefs say they're pretty clear.
