Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Carol, for taking us through all those details on the very important elements of capital allocation. I feel good about our capital allocation strategy and the work we accomplished in the third quarter. It was a busier than normal quarter on that front. These are the right moves for IP, and I'm really confident about our path ahead. What I would like to do, though, on slide 18, is put a little more context around our strategic decision relative to Asia and what we see as a continued important market for IP. And you've heard me say this before. We've been looking at China for a while. We serve it many different ways, and we reached a conclusion that serving Asia in all of those ways that we have in the past is really no longer the best strategy to maximize value for IP. So we decided to exit the on-the-ground manufacturing we do in China for Coated Paperboard as well as our Industrial Packaging Box business. That's both in China and Southeast Asia, the Box businesses. We'll continue to serve customers though, in this really important region, in a variety of ways – in ways that are working very well today, including exports from our Ilim joint venture for softwood pulp and select exports from the U.S. of globally competitive products like our Kraft linerboard and our fluff pulp. So China and Asia remain important to us. We're willing to re-evaluate how we serve the markets as we go through time, and that's what we did in this case. This is a significant decision for the company and one that makes IP even stronger and more valuable. So on the last slide before we go to Q&A, on slide 19, in closing I'd like to turn to the investment pieces for International Paper. We've built a portfolio with strong competitive positions in key select markets where International Paper has a right to win. If we execute well, we have a right to win. I like our portfolio and we'll continue to look for opportunities to refine it and improve the company as we move forward. Our strategy is enabling us to achieve an increased return on invested capital above our cost of capital, and we've been doing this for the last five years, so we're really convinced that we can sustainably continue to generate these type of returns and continue to improve the company. We're also generating – and Carol mentioned this – it's really critical that we focus on the cash flow element of our company so that we can fund our capital allocation strategy. And again, we're proving that we can generate strong, sustainable free cash flow year in and year out across the company. And finally, we're focused on thoughtful capital allocation, which we just had a detailed view of on Carol's last slide that's based on the principles of creating value, rewarding our shareholders and making International Paper a better company that you can count on for the long term. And with that, I'd like to turn it back over to the operator and we'll open up the floor for Q&A.
Mark S. Sutton: Chris, that's a great question and some of what you do naturally over time is what we've been talking about in the last year, which is refining the portfolio, recognizing that sometimes everything we're trying to do isn't working the way we thought it would be and that'd be a continued element of how we look at the company. But I would remind you, though, that we have not just taken some things out, we've also reinvested in a pretty big way and it's paying dividends into our Industrial Packaging business. It doesn't get the same press as an acquisition but making that business even stronger through improving our operations on the box side as well as the mill side has had a pretty good effect and we've got more to do there. And I mentioned in my comments, I like the portfolio but by no means does that mean there won't be any more changes. The changes will come against our filter of can we make the company stronger and create more value and generate more cash that we can then fund our capital allocation strategy through. So on M&A, I've said this before, M&A is obviously a part of your strategy in any company but again, against our filter of creating value and doing things that increase the return on invested capital with a good spread above our cost of capital would be the first place we'd start. And obviously the industrial logic of what we do and do well has to fit as well.
Mark S. Sutton: Well, Chris, that's a great question and this is a statement across all of our businesses. We run the operations based on our order book and our capacity given outages and all of those things doesn't perfectly match our demand. Demand seasonality and capacity seasonality are somewhat out of phase in our business, we've limited that over time. The Containerboard business has gotten really good at it because we have so many mills but we're going to make the product and all of those businesses that we have orders for and that we need, that's what yields the amount of downtime we take. What we've learned to do, though, is take that downtime on a marginal cost basis and do it pretty efficiently. We are no longer practicing paper making from yesterday where the only way you make money is if you run everything wide open to its engineering limit. We've now improved our system enough where we can run our business at our manufacturing facilities to the market demand we have and be profitable doing it. And we continue to work to get better at that because that's a real important element of having the kind of company that we tried to create; flexibility and the ability to match the orders we have any quarter, any month or any year.
Mark S. Sutton: Alex, I'll take the second part and I'll ask Carol to comment on our debt metrics. I think on the investments, significant investments we need to see line-of-sight to an ROIC that bats the cost of capital pretty quickly in those first – like you said first two or three years. And then we need to believe we have actionable plans to get it to a spread of maybe 200 basis points above our cost and it doesn't need to be a forever task. And you've seen us do that on our big acquisitions, Weyerhaeuser and Temple, for example, and we're not going to be perfect. But that's really what we're looking at and that's a filter that we are all aligned on and so we see it pretty quickly.
Mark S. Sutton: Chip, I think you could make arguments that obviously there are different economic barriers at any moment in time, whether it's tariffs, the supply chain maturity and all of those things that would allow you to make money serving a market with imported products. I mean the fundamental element is what you just said and that is if you have globally competitive products from a quality standpoint, which we have and a globally competitive cost position and in our business it starts with fiber, that if you can access a market that appreciates your product you should be able to make that work. And you can see examples of that in the forest product industry all over the world. So that's something we always look at and it goes back to our multichannel strategy in our Containerboard business. We are containerboard providers for the world markets, not just the U.S. market and we've been doing that for a long time because the product's good and our cost position is good and our service platform is trusted by the customer. So it's definitely a possibility.
Mark S. Sutton: Just a reminder, Gail, on when Tim covered those projects last quarter he talked about the drivers of those projects including the Industrial Packaging containerboard manufacturing system. There's a lot of elements, quality improvement, cost reduction, and if we need it, a volume component. And of course we'll make the volume and consume the volume in our own box plants and in our open market channels if the demand is there. If it's not there, those are still really good projects from the first two elements of cost and quality.
Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Adam. I think we obviously intended to improve our EBITDA this year for the reasons you mentioned. We've had some improvements, but we've given it back because of some of the headwinds. We're evaluating our outlook for next year, but we feel good about the level of performance that we have as a company, and we believe we can sustain that level of performance. The global economy is going to really provide an opportunity to improve or stay the same, and we're still evaluating that right now. But we feel good about the level that we're at. And our goal is obviously to continue to grow the earnings of the company.
Mark S. Sutton: Phil, another part of your question was around pricing and was that isolated to the plate stock. It primarily is. We're seeing some softness in the folding side, but most of that is isolated to the plate stock business.
Mark S. Sutton: George, that's a great question. The paperboard market does have a global element to it depending on the type of product, and we've been managing these shifts and changes in the different geographies and the type of product used. You know we make SPS in the U.S., but we make folding boxboard in Europe, and we obviously take all of that into our thought process around how we're going to make – what we're going to make and where we're going to make it. As Mike mentioned, a portion of our value proposition is that we provide products really on the high end of the paperboard product spectrum to really, really good converting customers. And then on the cup side, we are one of those really, really good converters that provide the final product. And so I wouldn't say that any of those announcements or changes or intentions that you mentioned create an immediate reaction into IP's plans, but we consider them. But our position in this market we feel pretty good about in terms of the customers we have, the converting we do ourselves, and the competitiveness that we have both on a cost and product side. So we'll keep watching the market that we play in, but that's kind of how we look at it.
Mark S. Sutton: Debbie, that's a good question. The Brazil Packaging business, Carol highlighted the Paper business and the business model in Paper is different. We export about half of what we make so we have a different profit model. The Box business is all about the Brazil economy and the negative 2.5% GDP is a negative 2.5% box demand and that is the challenge. The demand is soft, inflation is up and we've struggled to recover that with pricing. We're starting to see some price movement but I think the first time you try to really get something in is the hardest in an inflation environment that has a demand decline. So our view on that business right now is we're realigning our manufacturing assets and taking out the cost we talked about and we're repositioning ourselves for the best place we can participate commercially. So there's been some customer turnover, we were doing some things we probably weren't the best suited to do. We're replacing some of that business with business we're more competitive on. It's going to be a work-in-process. Be great when we get Brazil back to a plus 2% or 3% versus a minus 2.5% because it'll definitely help with the business performance.
Mark S. Sutton: Well those targets we've talked a lot about. The company's quite a bit different than it was when we set the target back in 2012. So I think the intent is to maximize the EBITDA potential of the company that we have and obviously growing EBITDA is a part of creating value over the long term. So that will stay in our targets and goals. We aren't prepared to throw another target out there at this moment in time, but rest assured, part of what we talked about doing was creating value over time. It had an EBITDA number, it had a margin number and it had a return number. We're hitting on some of those, but we've obviously been short on the EBITDA line.
Mark S. Sutton: I think the serving of markets that have a growth profile but may not have a raw material or natural resource advantage is never going to be the primary business of International Paper, and it's probably not the primary business of most forest products companies. But it is a very good way to use fully your assets, turn those assets at the highest level, and generate tremendous cash. And the volatility is something I think you can manage when the base of your business, as is the case of most forest products, you make it and use it in the same region. So this isn't a shift to being a global exporter of everything. This is just saying we have the best chance to serve these markets with the lowest cost, highest quality products, and they need the products. So there's a win for our company, and there's a win for the local producers who may just want the resource to do the conversion themselves. So that's kind of how we look at it.
Mark S. Sutton: Anthony, that's a great question. On the first part, we're not potentially supplying China from Ilim and it is a big part of what's happening today and has been happening very successfully. And of course it's back to what I said earlier, there's a raw material renewable natural resource advantage and a high quality, low cost manufacturing operation that's located adjacent to a needing and growing market. We do make some containerboard in Ilim today and it's obviously one of the best places in the world given the softwood profile to make Kraft liner and Ilim is a publicly traded company. We have a 50% position in it, they have a strategic plan, they're working that. Right now our focus at Ilim is to operate the first phase of what we've done with the market pulp operations at Bratsk and the improvements we've made in the Western Russian operations to serve the Russian market and we're doing quite well on that. On the geopolitical things, I was there last week, our view on some of these things is a very long-term view and political issues come and go. And we have very good partners, we have a very good access to the people we need to in the government and we feel like our business is sustainable over the long term. We are obviously mindful of the issues that are going on and we hope to work through those and hopefully the business environment transcends the political environment which it has in many cases in many parts of the world over time.
Mark S. Sutton: Yeah. I'm actually glad, Steve, you've pointed that out. It's something we've been talking about. It was a big reason for our supply chain investments we made, both on the people side and on the technology side over the last several years. I think we've mitigated what would have been a worse situation. We also changed the way we think about the full supply chain, including our inventory position in certain businesses. But we've got to use what we call in our company, ME – it's a set of tools that really are focused on lean manufacturing techniques that take waste and variability out and challenge what we're doing and how we deliver our product. Because I remember when I started working in this industry, it was a rounding error and today costs to get our products to market safely and reliably is at a level that it becomes a strategic issue to manage. So we've got a lot of really good people on it. We've invested in capability, and so we are making a difference. That 6% in many cases would have been completely out of control had we not intervened, but it's something we work on every day.
Mark S. Sutton: Steve, our dividend payout policy really is based on our confidence of sustainable cash flow generation, and we do that with a trough test, where we look at conditions that reasonably could go wrong and are we comfortable at 40% to 50% of our cash flow, and does it stand the test of our internal trough testing. We adjusted our trough conditions based on new information about our businesses and how they're running, and what the competitive positions are. So that led us to feel like we can grow from 30% to 40% to 40% to 50%. It's really about that more than it is about what it says about other uses of cash or the other elements that Carol covered in our capital allocation. We feel real good about the cash generation potential of our company and that we should return a significant portion of that through a dividend to our shareholders, and we think we can do that at the 40% to 50% rate.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yeah. Mark, this is Carol. I think for sure what we were attempting to do was to kind of highlight that seasonality because that's a lot of what you're seeing there. It's about the days, it's about the time of year, it's about the order patterns that we see. And since the third quarter is a strong quarter traditionally and the fourth quarter tends to be a seasonally weaker quarter and that's – I think you've captured it.
Carol Louise Roberts: Alex, regarding the investment-grade. In our space, three times debt to EBITDA for us feels comfortable. One of the strengths of International Paper that you have to remember is because our businesses are so well positioned in the markets and their cost position, our cash flow generation pretty much throughout most conditions remains very strong. And so we feel comfortable keeping that type of leverage and as do the rating agencies. And the reputation we have with the rating agencies which we do what we say we're going to do, and that's been working well for us.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yeah. It's in the current because we're in the process of putting the permanent financing in place in the fourth quarter. So we'll put the permanent financing in place in the fourth quarter and it'll move out of current. And then it'll be treated just like the Temple-Inland timber monetization is but you will see it on the balance sheet, Chip.
Carol Louise Roberts: I'm going to just take a shot at this and then obviously let Mark comment. But I think what happened in July is we just were not in our process yet to declare what our 2016 plan was but we felt important to communicate to our investors our plans around the business. And so what we talked about in July was the project and agreed that we left it open that there could be a change to the 2016 capital. But obviously we do our planning work as we enter this time of year getting ready for 2016 and we just feel comfortable that we can get the work done that we need to get done on the projects and in the company with the $1.4 billion. So I don't think it's any more complicated than that, Chip.
Carol Louise Roberts: So to take the first question, yes. The cash went into the structure last quarter. So that's done. And what you'll see on the balance sheet, George, is going to be simply – you'll actually see the cash go away from the cash line, and then you'll see on the assets side, you'll see the assets from the special purpose entity, and then down in the liability side, you'll see the other side of the equation, the non-recourse financial liability of it. So that's what you'll see on the balance sheet. So you'll see $4.85 billion up in assets, and then you'll see the $4.2 billion down in the liability line. And the delta is the cash that we put into the deal, essentially. That's the simple way to think about it.
Carol Louise Roberts: Yes. If you go back to the structure, the structure was for 30 years total. So we did the first 10 years. And the way the original deal was structured it was 10 years with four five-year extensions, which got you to the total of 30 years. So this first one is for the first five years, and then that gives us the option at the end of this five years for three more five years or another 15 years.
Carol Louise Roberts: You know, Steve, as we said, our share buyback program will continue to be opportunistic, and it'll be a combination of how we're seeing the value as well as the cash available at a point in time. So there's no less focus or importance on that. As we go forward, just continue to watch our actions on that.
W. Michael Amick - SVP: Hey, Mark. This is Mike Amick. Just real quickly on that, I mean it's still rather fluid in terms of the market as we see changes in the dynamics that are happening with regard to imports and as they take effect. They're still preliminary, final duties will come in in February. As you saw from the stats, some of these are still estimates. We saw a decrease year-over-year in the third quarter by roughly 80,000 tons. The overall market right now we think is kind of year-to-date is roughly down about 1% to 1.5%. And so I think this is going to still be somewhat of a moving – and fluid over the course over the next several quarters. With respect to Brazil and the volume there, we weren't moving a lot of product into this market from Brazil. What was coming into warehouses, say in Miami, was going out into other parts of Latin America. So from a Brazil standpoint in the U.S. that was really not a big impact.
W. Michael Amick - SVP: Yeah. Mark, I mean I think that's a fair statement. Certainly where we've been seeing kind of the 3% to 4% decline, this has been an improvement that we've seen. And as far as International Paper goes, we've done a little bit better than that.
W. Michael Amick - SVP: Hey, Phil. This is Mike, Mike Amick. What we've seen in the third quarter, as Carol mentioned in her comments, we do think that there is some sluggish demand out there. Most of that is really wrapped around some destocking through the supply chain. We've seen some – at our converters a fair amount of 3% to 4% kind of pulldown in stock, that coupled with some already elevated inventories across the industry, we think is explaining a lot of that. Our volume, we've had a couple of specific accounts around our backlogs as well as some measured decisions that we took as far back as a year-and-a-half ago to start focusing and pulling back on some of our export business. And as Mark said, we're going to continue in this business and all businesses to manage to our order book. So fourth quarter in this business tends to be a little seasonally challenged as we know. And I will say on our food service side in the cup stock business, in the managing through that portion of our business is very strong. We've seen some – having a great year with our shipments up about 6% year-to-date and we've got strong order books in that business. We just completed the kit and footprint expansion. Those new machines and cup converting machines are being deployed now and we're actually operating that new equipment. So we're excited about that portion of our business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah. Good morning. This is Tim Nicholls. Actually demand starting in the fourth quarter is reasonably good and I think you have to remember we're up against a pretty tough comp given how well the market performed last year. The market was building in August/September but then continuing to the fourth quarter. So I think any positive growth, I mean any positive growth this year in the fourth quarter has to be viewed as a big plus. And in October we're trending positive. So right now we're up about 1% but I think we're encouraged so far. In terms of inventory, we grew our inventories from second quarter to third quarter and they're roughly where we wanted them. We did that for two reasons, one, we've talked about before, supply chain efficiencies and the return on carrying a little bit more inventory more than pays for itself. But also as we came out of the second quarter, we were just coming out of heavy outage and so we had depleted inventories, built them back in the third quarter to get ready for fourth quarter outage season. So I think we're in a good place in terms of our inventories.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Hi, Gail. It's Tim. Yes. It's in line, no changes to how we were thinking. As you'll remember we talked about this being spending that we would begin in 2016 and it would roll into 2017 and no change to anything, the spending or the timeline.
Timothy S. Nicholls: We haven't accomplished it fully, we continue to grow our gypsum product there and so we're encouraged by the growth that we see and the contractual obligations that we have going forward. So it's in process and we'll continue to work on it. We're trying to do all of this in a very methodical way and eliminate or minimize disruption.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, it's hard to predict the future in terms of what will happen. As I said, fourth quarter is a tough comp. We had some exposures earlier in the year just based on our segment mix in terms of processed foods and how they have underperformed for a period of time now. Another one that underperformed in the first part of the year, well really right through the third quarter, has been protein, Avian flu in poultry and there was a ban on certain countries allowing imported poultry products. Those bans have been lifted. We're actually now seeing a bit of recovery. We hope that will continue through the fourth quarter. So yes, there's the economy and you read about manufacturing. I think what's maybe hurting us a little bit earlier in the year potentially is now helping us. But one bright spot, we saw our beverage sales pick up in the third quarter, which was a little bit of a reversal of a trend. And so I think that is a helpful and a hopeful sign. The other thing, we have a fairly large exposure to e-commerce, and indication so far is that it looks like it has potential for a really big season in the fourth quarter.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hi, it's Tim. Just on the capacity question, I'm not going to comment on what competitors do with their capacity. So we have up to this point with capacity additions been able to manage our way through the whole process with our customers and I think we're offering a different value proposition than a lot of the capacity that started up over the past two years. We have good geographic coverage, we have wide product mix and we have tremendous capability across our whole system that allows us to sell to customers providing quality service and product range. On exports, it's been a little bit softer here in late summer as we entered the third quarter, not much. And I think the surprising thing is with the strength of the dollar, virgin Kraft linerboard exports, the markets we sell to, it's held up reasonably well for the year, which says to us, it's a little bit of a question mark, but it says to us there's a need for the product that they're buying as opposed to just general economic conditions for all packaging in the region. So there's a little bit of softness around price, not much, and hopefully it will stabilize through the fourth quarter. But I think the markets have held up reasonably well this year.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Hey, Anthony. It's Tim. The box market is always competitive. But having said that, the price mix, there was more mix in the numbers than there was price given – we have huge swings from month-to-month and quarter-to-quarter sometimes based on seasonality. And so I think the market feels pretty stable to us.
