Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim for all the details. Look, this is clearly a very dynamic environment with a lot of moving parts. As I look back across our company, I'm really proud of the improvement we've made in customer service over the last several quarters considering where we were in the middle of last year with Containerboard inventory issues and box plant availability for our customers. The reliability improvements we've made in our mill system both in Global Cellulose Fibers and in Containerboard, I feel really good about because we're running very, very well in some cases at levels – productivity levels that are the best we've ever run. I also feel good about the progress our Global Cellulose Fibers team is making and the trajectory of the profitability earnings and the business model changes we've made that Tim described a bit earlier. At the same time, I'm not at all satisfied with the level of our profitability, which has been impacted by supply chain disruptions, inflation and falling demand in the second half of this year. But I am certain, we will make improvements in this area. I'm also very certain about the resiliency of International Paper. During the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility and taking a lot of risk out of the company. This strong foundation makes IP well positioned for success across a wide spectrum of economic environments. So with that operator, we're ready to take questions.
Mark Sutton: So early in the quarter, we are seeing as Tim mentioned box shipments still stabilized from where they exited the third quarter that's down 6% or so from where quarter progressively got a little worse. I think George the issue on optimizing, which we have called in the past, variabilizing our cost structure. I think part of what's unique right now compared to maybe prior periods is the amount of production slow backs we're taking over a relatively short period of time and in a period where most of our maintenance out -- almost all of our maintenance outages are behind us. If you look at prior periods where we adjusted our output to match our demand; A, it was spread out more evenly. Some of it was in the first half of the year where we also had maintenance outages. So the third quarter, we did a lot and it was really in the last two months of the quarter. In the fourth quarter it spread out more evenly, but it's still trying to anticipate the demand that we think we see but being willing to turn it back on if the demand picks up. And so I think the fourth quarter is going to be a transitionary quarter. I will say from the last time we took economic downtime in our containerboard system in any appreciable amount, you will all remember that was 2019. If we look at the variable cost per unit of production in that environment, we're actually doing a little bit better than that. What's different this time is we're doing this in a really high inflationary environment. So the price part of a lot of our input is persistently sticky. We think some of that will start to relieve itself in the fourth quarter, but it hasn't all happened yet. We weren't dealing with that part of the cost component in 2019, but our teams know what to do. The goal right now -- we also didn't have a high energy environment then the goal right now is to maximize our own make energy as anybody who makes their own energy in any industry we'd be trying to do right now. But you've got to match that goal with the actual production output you need. And that changes the way we run our pulp mill. So I think we'll see through the fourth quarter continued improvement in how we shed those marginal costs.
Mark Sutton: I think the low levels of inventory for this particular type of product given it's not easily substitutable in the short term given the qualifications the low levels of inventory make the value chain very nervous. And so I think customers will work to get to some level of comfort that they're used to. I don't think anyone will trust the supply chain for quite a while to be the answer to, I can run with a lot lower inventories. Some of our shipments as Tim mentioned, or alluded to we shipped a little more than we expected partly because the supply chain velocity improved a little bit as you paraphrased. We don't know for sure if that's permanent or if that was just in the third quarter we hope it's going to get better, because it will help us lower our cost. But we still have the issues in the market. For example, China's market is still semi-closed with some of the lockdowns. We think the inventory situation is going to remain strained meaning low finished products throughout the value chain for the coming several quarters. And so we think that the demand is stable. It could improve, if China figures out their vaccine and all that strategy and maybe opens the economy a little more. But right now we what we see is stable demand going forward a lot of commercial improvements that will flow into 2023, and the ability with a little bit better supply chain to really start to take cost out of our system that we get to keep.
Mark Sutton: So I think there's – if you go back to the slide Tim showed, Anthony, with the yellow and red segment descriptors. Those that were – the demand declined more than the average demand. Those are the customers in those segments. And we have very big customers national-type accounts and we have very small customers inside of each of those little segment descriptors. Those that were greater than the average a big portion of their commentary to us on their order pattern was too much inventory. And we think they think best they can tell from the consumer, I watched a few of their earnings calls earlier this week. That's a fourth quarter unwinding process, but maybe not terribly much beyond that. If you look at the other part of that chart where our decline in some cases we didn't break it out. But in some cases we had customers inside the segments that the demand didn't decline at all. And they're very big and important customers to us. And they would say, their inventories are a little high, but we'll see what happens with fourth quarter consumer demand. They're predicting a little less of a holiday pickup, but any pickup at all, and they'll feel like they're in great shape. So it's really a tale of those segments on that chart we showed. But even in the worst case we think most of our customers believe that this is working through the fourth quarter process. Obviously, you hate to make a prediction because there's so -- it seems to be so many variables that come up and inflation is still persistent and high. Consumer can be fickle after this holiday period and spending a lot of money on services, what happens to the goods market in the first quarter I think that's what a lot of us are trying to figure out right now.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mark. I think the variables we look at of course, we don't know what the demand environment is going to be over the next year or two and we don't know exactly what the ramp of the new capacity you mentioned will be. So there's a lot of variables. The other thing that's a little different and a unique addition to the algorithm we use to figure out how to take downtime is one, we have very high natural gas costs which changed the competitiveness of your recycled mills and we have a few that are 100% recycled. The flip side of that is you've got a very expensive and congested supply chain. So an IP example would be our large recycled mill that's up in the Midwest might be a candidate to scale back for energy costs, but it defeats our ability to save on logistics because it's so close to the market. So one of the reasons you see us doing more of as you described rolling, so not fully shut them down but adjusting the output of multiple plants is to try to make all of that balance, get our integrated mills to be as close to energy independent as possible. And our nonintegrated mills, which tend to be located physically in places -- and they were built for that reason to be close to the end-use market and they're beyond a lot of the real choke points to get those to serve as much. As things change, as supply chain costs change, as energy changes, it will lead us to different conclusions. So that's how we make that decision on how much we run to our order book and where we do it.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think if you look at a couple of indicators, one of the things we've tried to do with our value proposition is to make arrangements with customers. Tim used the word moving to strategic arrangements versus just contractual volume for price. And two, how we participate in the different regions of the world given the nature of the product and what requirements a customer has from the standpoint of substitution and making sure we get paid for that. And so you can see some evidence in certain charts in certain regions where that phenomenon has already started to occur and there's no impact on our absorbent products economics. And the reason for that is our strategy adjustment has been to work with our customers and to basically have the effect of decoupling that as much as we possibly can. But your point is well taken. We will see how that plays out as we go through a normal business cycle. We're very comfortable that we've made structural changes in the way we go to market. And I'm not saying you won't see any cyclicality, but I think you will begin to see a different spread over time than you've seen in the past. But the proof will be in the coming quarters. I'll take you back Mark to what I've said over a year ago. Investors can expect with the changes we're making for Global Cellulose Fibers to improve quarter after quarter after quarter that we will be at the cost of capital returns in the second half of 2022. And that you could expect the business as we enter into 2023 to be a value creating business. And so far that's the track we're on. So let's keep talking about it quarter after quarter. I think your point is a great one, and I think it'll -- we'll learn a lot more about whether or not our strategy adjustments have resiliency and sustainability as we move into 2023. I believe they do. 
Mark Sutton: So Mark it's a multifaceted question. Let me just take you back to a higher level. So the Containerboard system has a certain capacity. It's a little higher than the number you mentioned. And the way we run it is not by quarter. I mean, we have to do what we have to do in a single quarter. The way we think about our system is we have a certain amount of output capability. We strategically target about 3% of that and you can look at our earnings calls from the past and how much volume we take out for planned maintenance ends up being around between 3% and 4%. Then there's another 3% to 4% that we tend to average just in terms of being flexible for customer service for unforeseen problems and so every once in a while to match a change in demand like 2019, we'll adjust our output to match a reduced demand environment. And that again has multiple variables. It depends on how strong the export market is during the same period of time sometimes the markets are connected sometimes they're not. That number as a percentage of our total capacity in 2019 was probably 6%, 7% of our total capacity once in a multiyear period. And I don't know what it's going to be. We don't forecast. We're just trying to match up the principle of we're going to make the Containerboard we need to serve the order book we have and to maintain what is much healthier inventories for our supply chain. And those numbers as you know for almost every industry are a little higher in this, kind of, supply chain environment. But that's the way you should think about it. Think about it big picture not in a 60- or 90-day period. There's a system, there's maintenance, there's flexibility time and occasionally there's an adjustment. And that's the, kind of, way it's going to play out. Roughly the percentages I gave you if you annualize -- what's unique about this and I mentioned it in the prior answer is a the market slowdown in quarters that normally the market is not slowing down and for IP in quarters where we don't have any other maintenance outages that would normally be taking production offline like we had in the first half of the year. So that's the difference is. That's what adds to the cost mitigation challenge. 
Mark Sutton: So again, Mark the way you need to think about the answer to that question is any downtime we take is a product of doing the analysis of our North American order book, our export order book, any maintenance outages that would already take production offline and I think Tim mentioned it, how well we're running in the moment. So we're running really, really well right now i.e. we're making too much containerboard which is where you want to be, that's what we worked on to be reliable.  What that means in plain speech is, the lack of reliability interruptions in the quarter which is a good thing, but not in a quarter where you necessarily don't need the production so you end up slowing back. But at least you didn't have a repair cost. So it's impossible to answer the question without knowing the answer to all four of those variables I just gave you. 
Mark Sutton: I think it's fair to think about the way I answered Mark's question is, in the moment where you're considering -- which let's take it right now if you look at the other variables like transportation and logistics costs and like energy costs and you make the decisions for production at the lowest, I think Tim used the word the lowest marginal cost operations and that could change in a month because of a hurricane that wets the Woodlands and now you've got high-cost wood at a mill that [indiscernible]. So my point is not to be invasive, it's a dynamic set of variables and we make those decisions not real time but enough -- a 7- to 10-day period. So if the answer to the question how do we make the production we need at the lowest cost involved some of the examples you and Mark mentioned then that's what we would do. But right now, with the variables we have, with supply chain and energy that's not the most cost-effective way to do it. 
Mark Sutton: And Mike again, I'll just reiterate the decisions that we make are for the, what we can see upcoming. But think about the calendar, the other variable as you're taking adjustments to inventory at this time of year, versus in the middle of the year as we enter into the first half of the year, which is our heavy -- 75% of our maintenance outages. So part of our normal operating strategy is to predict, how do we make sure we have the inventory we need in the first and second quarter of next year. So we don't lose a sale, because we did something to inventories in the moment in the fourth quarter, without looking at what's getting ready to happen. So that's factored into our decisions as well. It's not just about the inventory to manage the demand in the fourth quarter, it probably would be if we were in the second quarter because the outages are done. You've got plenty of inventory. You don't have any more mills down, but that's not the case here. We're getting ready to enter into our normal outage season and that factors into what we think we have to run, whether or not there was an economic slowdown or not so we can get through our outages. 
Mark Sutton: We would run the system to match the demand that we have. So, we don't know what the demand is going to be in the first quarter. But as we get closer to that, we'll have a better idea. And if that results -- and the supply chain velocity has improved, then we don't solve for the inventory level number. We solve for making sure, we can take care of our customers. And then we have the business prepared, because what we make today gets used in the future not today.  And so we've already made the inventory for it -- for today yesterday. So that's why it's difficult to give you a finite period answer. There's again, a lot of variables. We need less absolute inventory when the supply chain is flowing, than we do when it's not. And it's a long way from flowing and especially in the rail area, a lot of our mills are in the Southeast, deep Southeast where the rail choke points are not getting any better and the labor situation is not getting a lot better. So we're working with what we know right now. And what we know right now, says the inventory levels we have the absolute number, matches the slow velocity of the supply chain. If that changes, we'll adjust our production output to match the fact that the inventory is moving faster. So it's not a matter of where we lower our inventory, it's a matter of all of those variables lead to an inventory number. 
Mark Sutton: Yes. Again Adam I appreciate you coming at it from a different angle. I mean the long-term capacity we think we need is based on what we believe about the markets we serve and the markets we serve ex the pandemic just normalize volume unless there's some major change in the structure of the US economy. It's been a 1% to 2% growth market for boxes. And the open market is similar because we're selling to people who make boxes in the same market and global containerboard virgin containerboard to service the rest of the world and to create recycled fiber has been a 2% to 3% growth. And we typically try to position ourselves to have positions in those channels in the most profitable areas. And so I'd say right now again with those numbers in mind, over time not hearing the moment, but over time we're good on Containerboard. We just made the Riverdale investment in 2020. That was another good chunk of high-quality white top. We made small project investments across the North American system in years prior to that. And I think we've got the containerboard capacity we need. We're working on different grades lighter weights different things like that. But I think that's how we think about the containerboard capacity. We back it into what do we need in containerboard based on what we think the end-use markets are going to need for box which is the biggest. And then the actual open market we're selling North America and export. And those are the numbers we -- we didn't change our strategy because of the pandemic demand. What we did is we realized we can't run as close to the full capacity that we were running in our converting operations meaning you can always use a little labor to get some extra capacity by working some over time, but you can't do that forever because there's people and they can't do that forever. So, you do need to have a better asset strategy. And we learned that through the pandemic. We didn't change our strategy on what we look at long-term growth of containerboard and its uses. 
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think it's important to know Adam that, what Tim said is really, really important. 40% to 50% over a cycle, which means it's going to be at the upper-end. And it could be the number you just gave. And it could be much lower and be at the lower end it has even dipped into 30-something percent of free cash flow. But the dividend is really important to us. It's really important to our investors. That's what we hear from investors. And it is important for us to make sure that it's not a tactical thing that we calculate free cash flow for a given year and then we say oh 50% of that. That's not how we do it. It's 40% to 50%. It's an overall guideline through a cycle. And a lot of things happen to converge in trough conditions which you might describe as low demand and all its negative impact usually followed by lower cost environments unwinding of working capital. Cash as you know has many components but that's the way for people to think about our dividend. It's not a calculation in the moment pick your moment quarter half year, year. It's through a cycle. And I just want to be really clear about that.
Mark Sutton: Sure. Kyle, I think it's a really great question. That's the kind of conversation we're having with customers. Our business doesn't have that long of a cycle. So we got some visibility into the fourth quarter. It's really -- there's really not a lot of visibility other than algorithms and analytics into the first quarter. But what I think our customers said what they saw and then hence we saw is as inflation remains persistent customers had to make choices. They start -- and you look at the time of the year we're in approaching holidays a little more travel they're making choices to spend money on services or save money for a future airplane flight over the holidays and backing off some discretionary things. So fast forward through the fourth quarter and you flush out all that service spending where does the consumer find themselves in the first quarter? I think it has a lot to do with whether this slowing market and slowing economy actually creates different policy, interest rates. How does the consumer feel? You listen to the bank CEOs and they have a general view that the consumer is still in pretty good shape and that's true looking at bank balances and all that. But that won't stay that way if inflation remains at 9%, 10% and rents are high and all the other things. That's the real variables we're watching and our customers are watching. But we'll deal with whatever the environment is in the first part of next year. But I think we have to see what does the consumer do as they work their way through at least in this part of the world very heavily service-oriented holiday spending pattern and will they make choices that are different. It looks like they're making choices on less goods more services. But after the services are all spent will the goods -- replenishment. As Tim said, some of this is consumables will that be gained a normal cadence in the first quarter. It's a great question. We're watching it we'll know a lot more obviously as we go through the fourth quarter. And when we're talking to all of you at the end of January with our full year we'll be in it. So we'll have a lot better view on that. 
Mark Sutton: It's -- I made a couple of comments in the prepared remarks, Kyle, that we're not where we were at the beginning of the quarter. We were much more advanced, but it is a complex process. The fact it is a joint venture and not wholly owned when you look at the process for executing strategic options under these current guidelines by both governments. The joint venture structure makes it a more time consuming and more complex process. But we have advanced along that time -- that process time line quite a bit. So I'm really pleased, but we're not there to be there. So that's why we're not getting out over our skis on where we are on it. But I feel really good about the amount of movement we made through the quarter. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you operator. I'd just like to close by really saying thank you to all the International Paper team members employees around the world what they're doing every day for our customers and what they're doing every day for each other. To stay safe and to operate in environments that I don't think any of them ever thought they'd be operating in and they continue to do an outstanding job. I'd just like to close by reiterating a couple of comments I made. We think the second half of this year is clearly transitory. We're taking the actions we need to take, pulling the levers we need to pull to make sure International Paper gets through this period in a very good way. And I'm really pleased with the kind of financial underpinnings we have entering into any type of economic environment. We have a lot of opportunity and flexibility even at lower demand levels. And in some cases, there could be a silver lining and the fact that it allows us to get some of our supply chain dysfunction back into a proper alignment. The strong balance sheet gives us options. So we can continue to make organic investments in structural cost reduction and in strategic capacity and capability. In the past we would have probably had to stop some of that, just to manage the balance sheet. There's no meaningful debt for the foreseeable future that we need to deal with. So we've got a lot of risk off the table. We're built for this type of environment and we're built for a strong environment. And I feel good about our ability to get through it. Look forward to talking to you with our full year call at the end of January. So thank you for your interest in International Paper.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Great. Thanks, Anthony. It's Tim. So over time longer term, we look to have capital investment around the level of depreciation. It can be a little bit higher in some years. What usually drives that is not so much maintenance and regulatory. We try to keep that fairly consistent. We look over a five year period. We have five year plans about how we're going to do maintenance schedules. What tends to drive it up and down a little bit on the margin tends to be more of the strategic projects whether it's building out capability or more recently adding capacity in our converting operations. So -- but the $900 million to $1 billion is not necessarily us actively pulling back capital. It's just coming to the realization this close to the end of the year that as hard as we've tried all through the year supply chain has been a limiting factor about how much capital you can have installed and have it be productive in a given period of time. So that's the reason for the adjustment. Just acknowledging that we're not going to get as much done as we thought we were earlier in the year. And longer term, we'll try to be around depreciation. But where there's either good cost reduction projects or strategic needs building out capability, it could be a little bit higher than that in given years.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. So we were back where we needed to be. Part of the reaction that you saw in the quarter. It happened midway during the quarter as Mark referenced, it was really in response to making sure that inventories don't get away from us. If we're linked to demand we're trying to look --- our S&OP process is trying to look at, not only in the moment but further out in time and what kind of product availability needs we're going to have. So, we were able to keep inventories in line with where we want them through the way we ran the system. 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. The other thing, I would add is, even though we've seen some modest improvement in transit times with ocean vessels here on the ground in North America as well in truck. Our network, the supply chain has not picked up a lot of velocity. So, we're still dealing with the extra time it takes to move product in between mills and converting operations. 
Tim Nicholls: No, it's just -- I think part of what you're getting at Adam is the pull forward that maybe some of the industry saw primarily around durable goods but durable goods is a small segment -- small for us a small in total. And a lot of what people are buying are consumable items. So, it's not like -- I don't -- maybe in some cases there's demand pull forward a little bit but I don't feel like that's the bulk of it. It's just I think we have seen the shift that Mark talked about between goods and services and that will normalize at some point too. 
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's a great question, Adam. I mean, the way we think about it is -- and we say 40% to 50% of free cash flow that in our minds. And I think we've said this before. But that's not in every moment of time. That is through the cycle. And there have been moments when our dividend payout has been higher than that. And it's been right down on the bottom end of that at times too. So I think we're in a moment. But we still believe that the dividend is structured. We have bought back a lot of shares at the same time is still perfectly situated in that 40% to 50% of free cash flow. And we still believe in the resiliency of our cash flow overtime.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. We're not forecasting dividends into next year. We're in the middle of the process. And you're right there's not a whole lot more we can say about it. But we feel good about where we are. We have made progress and we're pushing hard.
