Mark Sutton: Thank you, Guillermo. And good morning everyone. Thank you for joining our call. We will begin our discussion on Slide 3. The COVID-19 pandemic is unlike anything we have ever experienced. This pandemic brings unprecedented challenges and requires us to focus on what we as a company needs to do to remain strong and resilient for all our stakeholders in the short-term and the long-term. International Paper entered this crisis in a position of strength. No strength is more important than a talent commitment of our 50,000 employees worldwide. Our most important responsibility is the health and safety of our employees and contractors. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees across the Company and all of the business and support groups for their commitment and ability to adapt in this challenging period. I’m especially grateful to our frontline employees in manufacturing and converting facilities around the world. They ensure our customers and continue to supply the essential products to consumers around the world. We also went through this crisis with world-class manufacturing and supply chain capabilities. Our scale, flexibility and geographic reach allows us to meet our customers rapidly changing needs, which is more important than ever in times like this. And we have a strong balance sheet and liquidity positions that provides us financial flexibility to navigate through this period of great uncertainty. Turning to Slide 4. International Paper is a critical part of the supply chain required to produce and deliver essential food, pharmaceutical, hygiene products and emergency supplies for consumers around the world. This privilege comes with enormous responsibility to our employees and our customers. We have taken significant steps to protect our employees and contractors. We also implemented contact treating protocols and all of our facilities. Our COVID-19 measures have proven to be effective, and we have not had any material disruptions to our operations. I’m proud of the collaboration, ingenuity and commitment of our employees to take care of our customers during this pandemic. Some of our teams have generated product and service innovations for customers, while others have found ways to simplify and streamline work. All of which is essential and navigating effectively through the enormous dislocations caused by COVID-19. A few example, our packaging business developed corrugated separators to allow citrus customers to run their packing operations with appropriate social distancing protection at the height of the harvest season. Our global cellulose fibers business is ensuring customers have real time visibility of their orders, which is especially critical when ocean supply chains have stretched out. And our papers business quickly introduced new packaging sizes that allow safe home deliveries of uncoated free sheet products. As I have said earlier, International Paper entered this crisis in a strong financial position. Due to the unprecedented uncertainty regarding the ultimate economic impact of COVID-19, we are taking prudent actions to further strengthen the Company’s liquidity and preserve cash. We are undertaking vigorous sensitivity and scenario testing to make sure we make informed principle based decisions. And we manage each phase of this crisis with a view toward both the short-term and long-term success and sustainability of the Company for all of our stakeholders. Now let’s turn to our first quarter results on Slide 5. We delivered a solid performance with EBITDA of $802 million and free cash flow of $363 million in a very rapidly changing environment as containment measures across the globe accelerated. I’m inspired by the commitment and resilience of our teams who under unprecedented circumstances delivered strong operational performance in our mills and converting plants. In our packaging business we were able to mitigate the impact of significant production loss in our Rome and Bogalusa mills. We leveraged the scale and flexibility of our system to meet strong demand for corrugated packaging and absorbent pulp and through outstanding collaboration across our commercial supply chain and manufacturing organizations, we adapted quickly to meet our customer’s rapidly changing needs, all of which contributed to solid performance in the first quarter and further strengthen our position as we navigate the uncertainty that lies ahead. I will turn it over now to Tim to cover performance across our business segments, our second quarter outlook and details on the actions we have taken to further strengthen our liquidity. Tim.
Mark Sutton: Thanks Tim. We began today’s conversation with by sharing with you how International Paper is navigating the COVID-19 crisis. We have weathered many storms during our Company’s 122-years history and every day I hear another inspiring story of how our employees are stepping up to the current set of challenges, and I’m proud of their steadfast commitment to International Paper, our customers and each other. Our Company plays a critical role in the supply chain required to produce and deliver food, pharmaceuticals, hygiene and other essential products to consumers. And as I said earlier, it is a privilege that comes with enormous responsibility to take care of our employees and our customers. They are the foundation of how we create value for our shareholders. I’m confident that the Company we have built and our strong financial footing positions as well to succeed in the near-term and the long-term. And with that, Tim and I are happy to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: George, this is Mark. On e-commerce, normally we talk double-digit growth. We are experiencing extremely strong double-digit growth, so orders of magnitude above the normal double-digit growth. And in April, our indications through April are that we are still seeing although moderated from the heading March that we showed at 4.7 to more normalized levels, we are still seeing a positive activity in the box market in April in the neighborhood of 2%.
Mark Sutton: Yes. George I’m going to make just an opening comment and ask Tim to give you a little more color. On capital and maintenance expenses, we make these decisions from a principle basis. Number one, and we often get credit, where the credit is the right word, not for having really good assets and spending a lot of money maintaining them. Our asset quality is really high and we are not operating typically in crisis mode. So our ability to adjust and I don’t think of it as cutting, I think of it as delaying, adjusting, changing the timing of CapEx and maintenance expenses. We were allowed to do that, managing the risk because we keep our equipment and our processes in very good shape. So there is a number of areas that we are just looking at before we really understand what is going to happen to the consumer, GDP and demand that we don’t tie up cash in projects in areas that we may not need to as early as we originally planned. And Tim, if you want to give some additional examples.
Mark Sutton: An example, just to give you a little more George. We have cost reduction projects every year. Most of that is related to consumption of input materials. So any type of input trying to be more efficient, consume less of it. In an uncertain economic environment, those projects don’t pay as early as you think if you are not using that input anyway, because of low demand. So until we have better clarity, we can change the cash outflow timetable and end up keeping the Company’s cash-in and cash-out in a much stronger position. And that is really all we are doing here.
Mark Sutton: So Mark, just one added piece of color. If you go back to the slide with the market segments for box that Tim walked us through with the red, yellow and green. Again, our best view right now as multiple states and jurisdictions attempt to try reopening strategies. We didn’t have a view of whether that was going to be successful or not. But let’s assume part of it is more successful than we are all carrying in our hedge. You have got flow through in food service and some of the other weak segments, that would be all upside to. As we sit here today, none of that has happened. So trying to call it, we just try to be very transparent and say this is what we see now. But as Tim mentioned on the protein plants and I think they will figure that out, and on successful reopening. And then anything else that gives the consumer confidence, therapeutics that were reported earlier this week with some traction, those are all of us, that could give us upside in the demand cycle. But to put that out there, as we see it in International Paper, seems to be a little bit of wishful thinking, but all of it is moving and real and could be upsize to our near-term outlook.
Mark Sutton: Anthony it is a great question. We are well positioned to serve e-commerce where it is business to consumer, both in the general retail sense and e-commerce that is business-to-business I mean more industrial products. As we have a position with almost everybody who is anybody in that particular type of business model. We have product and service platforms that do very well in there. And I think the margin comparisons are not a big issue. Some of the retail is replacing lower margin retail. Some of the food through e-commerce is replacing some of the average margin in the process of center store stuff. So when you are looking at it all, e-commerce is a good business for us and it is not a margin arbitrage issue that we look at in the long-term.
Mark Sutton: It is a great question Adam. We do have a demand model that we use for International Paper. It is not only looking at GDP, but the construct of GDP and then some other inputs that correlate very closely with corrugated demand. And we use that model under different scenarios of GDP put out by others. Not in our own number, but well recognized external sources. And then when we look at for this particular disruption, you are right, it is different. It is a lot about the duration of the disruption. And we look at what we think recovery patterns will be not one letter in the alphabet, but by segments. And it is likely to play out differently by different types of segments. So, what role the consumer plays in the largest part of corrugated packaging, which is in the food and non-durables section really determines what we are going to see in demand. And that may be for several quarters be completely dislocated from the broader GDP, if that is being driven down by capital investment, or other components of GDP. So we are not looking at a delta or an offset to GDP and then calculating historic relationship for box demand. It is much more granular than that. And one of the biggest sources of input we have to our demand model is actually talking to our customers and seeing what they are seeing. And that is why we think for the kinds of products we make and the role they play in the supply chain through an environment like this. This isn’t a bunch of luxury products that are you can buy or not buy. Most of what we do is essential to everyday life. And so we believe we are going to weather all these dramatic forecasting GDP pretty well.
Mark Sutton: Adam another point on this to add to what Tim said is, this retail component is really going to be interesting to watch, because around almost 30% of OCC generated in the U.S. begins its life as a box being imported to the U.S. from somewhere else. Many of those type of products end up through the U.S. retail chains and they are definitely impacted right now. And not all of them are in that essential category. So again, duration of the stay-at-home orders, the confidence of consumers getting back into society, whether there is medicines and other treatments, all of that fits together. But there is a full almost 30% of our recovery fiber that is available for recovery in the U.S. that begins somewhere else. And that is really ratcheted down a lot right now. And likely will take a while to come back.
Mark Sutton: Mark I think the way we are responding is we are taking care of our customers. We are managing inventory very closely to Tim’s point about not tying up cash and we have got a very flexible system in Europe and in the U.S., not along individual mills left in that business, but they are large and important. And for the same reasons we usually talk about it in packaging. When we have supply and demand dislocations, we have got the same marginal cost shedding model and systems in place. We just don’t use it very much in printing papers. And we were able to shed a big portion of our marginal costs and variable costs to match our production with our demand. And so we are setup to do it but we take care of our customers and we take care of our inventory and cash tied up there and we adjust our production.
Mark Sutton: No, it is not. But we did give you a cost number in the outlook slide Tim walked through, I think it was $80 million, $85 million of unabsorbed fixed costs. And so that gives you some indication of what we are expecting. But no, we never give forward views of our plan production output. We just don’t do that.
Mark Sutton: I understand your questions Gabe. I don’t have a good clean answer to corrugated intensity per unit of output. But just sufficed to say that both channels, the retail channel, which doesn’t - it is corrugated intensely, but as you know, there has been a lot of innovations with beverage and other things that don’t use as much anymore. And the foodservice channels are very, very important to our corrugated demand. I would say, the food service channel given the way product moves and the bulk in which it moves in the quantities, has a very large component of corrugated. You think about even anecdotally, if you think about watching a restaurant get supplies from the backside as the food service truck is there. There is a lot of corrugated delivering multiple units of ingredients and supplies. So it is definitely important for our demand. And it is important for coordinated usage. And so as we see some success in reopening even at reduced capacities. It is not just restaurants though, of course schools and cafeterias and other things are large users of the foodservice supply chain as well. But it is meaningfully important for us.
Mark Sutton: So, Brian, I mean, that is difficult question to answer. Because it is so forward-looking. I think, if you look at our track record on how we have managed our uncoated free sheet business over the years. It has been a combination of how we match the supply side to a structurally declining market. It is a mix of converting some facilities to a different product that were already in like container board and fluff pulp. Unfortunately, we closed some facilities that didn’t have a good conversion options. And we have managed the business in I think a graceful way to meet the reality of the decline. All the other parts of your question are really unanswerable in terms of what we would do and why. We would do things and have done things with our printing paper assets and especially talented production pieces we have at those plans to proactively help one of our other businesses. That would be the primary reason for making changes. And so it is really early to figure out right now whether there is a permanent structural step down and then a return to a steady structural declines or not. It is a good question. It is possible that could happen. But we are going to stay flexible enough to make sure we see what is happening before, before we make any conclusions on that. But, our uncoated free sheet business is now less than 20% of the company. It generates strong cash. We have got great assets and good wood baskets that give us flexibility for the future. So that that message hasn’t really changed.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator, this is Mark and I’m going to wrap up. First of all, I just want to again, publicly thank our employees in International Paper for their courage and commitment to our company and to our customers and to each other as we operate through this. We think there is obviously more uncertainty as communities reopen their economies. Our hope is that that is done well and successful. That will help the people around the world and will also help our Company. The crisis has done one thing for us, we talk a lot about purpose of our Company. Making products that people need every day on renewable, natural resources. And that just really brought our purpose to life, reinforces the critical role our products played in people’s lives and in the important supply chains. And I will leave you with International Paper, and my confidence in our future. We have a strong financial footing. you can count on International Paper to deliver, you can count on our employees if you invest in International Paper, you can count on us to create long-term value and lead the Company and manage the Company with all of our important stakeholders in mind for the long-term. We have been at it for 122-years, and we are going to plan on being at it for a lot longer. So thank you for joining our call and we look forward to talking with you in the future.
Tim Nicholls: Well I think you just said it well Mark, the only thing I would add is and Mark referenced it. That this is not - so much as waiting and see. So all of the measures that we have taken, we can begin ramping them back up as we see less volatility and a return some type of normal. So, but I think Mark characterized it well, we do have great assets. It gives us flexibility.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Bogalusa started back up and running and Rome we are looking at June as the likely restart. So we are going to lose a quarter in Rome. We lost much less than that at Bogalusa. We don’t typically give out capacity numbers and things like that George. So I will refrain from that.
Tim Nicholls: Hey, Mark, it is Tim. You are right. April has been very good. Our cut-off is between 2% and 3%. That is not a shipment number. That is the consumption as we as we produce boxes to satisfy orders. But we will know what shipments look like of course, until we close the books at the end of the month and see all of that. There is some uncertainty in Europe as Europe starts to reopen. And I think it is unfortunately is just where we are. There is a lot of fluidity and uncertainty around everything. Three or four days ago, we have protein packaging plants being down and now they are going to be coming back. And so that is just how quickly things can change. We do have one to one less day in the quarter in the second quarter in North America. So that has a not insignificant impact. But we are looking at what we are seeing in the moment. We are a short order cycle business. We can only really gauge on order intake out a couple of weeks. So we are just trying to triangulate across all these segments, segment-by-segment as to what we think we are going to see in May and June.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Well they are significantly three or four times what they were earlier in the year. The good news is we have tremendous flexibility across our system. So we do have some facilities that are 100% recycled, but most of our facilities are a blend of virgin and recovered fiber. And so on a normal basis, we go about some amount of balancing and arbitraging cost facility-by-facility. So we will have some flexibility to work around that, but again it depends on with the reopening. It depends on how fast and what degree because this is really a generation issue where certain parts of the supply chain for OCC have been impacted quite negatively.
Tim Nicholls: And relative to the total size of the market, it is still relatively small as the segment and the segments not homogeneous. E-commerce is not e-commerce as we look at the customers that we supply.
Tim Nicholls: You know it is like we said when we covered it on with 40% to 50% lower, order intake is as we said it unprecedented. So again, these are short order cycle businesses and we don’t have - unless it is an export shipment which has a little bit longer lead time, you don’t get tremendous look through to what it might be a month or two months out. We are going to have to see how - I think it is going to be a function of how quickly and how successfully things reopened. And we are taking all of the steps we need to take to match our productive capacity to our customer’s demands. The last thing we want to do is, as we referenced earlier is high cash where we don’t need it. And so it is better for us to adjust our productive footprint in the short-term than then tie it up in inventory.
Tim Nicholls: Yes we have a 10 million deductible in each of the mills for the two incidents. We are just going to have to wait and see how it plays out. This is still an ongoing process. So we will have more to say about as in future quarter’s results.
Tim Nicholls: I have no idea where they get it. It wouldn’t even be accurate in terms of greater product. Because we are going to be producing totally different product in Riverdale and other two mills. So I can’t speak to what they write or how they obtain it. We are just managing the project. We are trying to protect our employees and our contractors and do it in a very responsible way.
Tim Nicholls: It could be. I wouldn’t argue that something is not possible. We just don’t know. Just anecdotally, I try to reframe from printing as I work remotely at home but then I found myself printing two rings at a time to catch up with all the things that I would normally print. So, it depends. We know on the print advertising side that still a combination of online platform marketing and direct mail marketing is the most successful type of marketing approach. So, we will have to see what happens as things start to open up again.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, we do make those. This is much smaller products. So the amount fiber is much less. But yes we do make those, we are maybe the only at this point, but we are one of the few producers that actually make it.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. The summary comment is really relatively strong across all of the products and reasons that we ship to both for export container board as well as our pulp business. Pulp on the strength of hygiene products, and some towel and tissue. And on container board remember, inventories were much lower as we entered the year and demand has actually been good to this point. And so, we think the inventory levels and customers around the world that we service are normal and best and loyal in some cases. And the poll for banana and citrus has been strong.
Tim Nicholls: It is a great question. And as I said, there is no change to our dividend policy. We paid the dividend in the first quarter, no change to the policy at the time, but with all prudence, for not only for dividend, but for all aspects of our operation we are doing, as robust economic scenario planning is as we know how. Starting with the impact that we saw during the financial crisis back in 2008, 2009 and then working to lower levels of performance from that experience. We don’t know, given this is a different type of crisis with health implications, we don’t know how severe it can be. So we are looking at a whole range of testing and scenario planning and trying to be as robust as we know how. I would say this, in terms of the actions that we have taken, they have been taken out of caution and prudence and because we have flexibility to lower capital and lower maintenance, because of the asset quality, we just stopped for a moment in time. We can always resume if things appear normal. So there is an amount of sequence of the cash mitigation levers that we have. The ones we have taken so far are ones that we can turn back on if we want to. But we thought in the moment back in March as things accelerated, it was very uncertain. These were prudent things to do at that point in time.
Tim Nicholls: You know I think it is just as we call it out. We are expecting a $55 million impact on higher input costs. Most of that being recovered fiber in the quarter. And I think you said it. I think it depends on how quickly and to what degree the shape of the reopening takes. And retail has been significantly impacted unless it was non-essential, restaurant, food service segment has been significantly impacted. So I think it is going to depend on how quickly and how successfully those come back.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, it is a great question Mark. You know it just strengthened some at the beginning of the crisis, it has been roughly the same zone for a few weeks now, maybe a month or two. We tend to get a bit of a wash around the world. When you look at our different businesses, a weak AI relative to dollar helps that business, the export markets. The Ilim joint venture has all of its costs for the most part in rubles and it is exporting and selling in dollars for us to some degree at times depending on the strength of demand and supply, on exports from the U.S. But again, a lot of, what gets exported out of U.S. is in our pulp business, which is a unique product and benefits from the fiber characteristics that we have in the Southern part of the U.S. So when we put it all together over a long period of time it seem to be mostly net neutral.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. In this environment you would expect that they would pull it back. They have taken some measures to cut capital in the moment. They are still progressing on the large project that is [indiscernible] on and don’t see any real significant delays to that, but they have other places to balance out capital spending across the rest of the business as well as that business is particularly good at managing their cash and taking any cash mitigation measures that they need to.
Tim Nicholls: You know I guess what I would say, as you know, we don’t publish or share our specific numbers and levels. I would say we are on the low side here domestically. We have had a strong demand pull across the entire business all channels so far this year given the factors that we talked about. So, low inventory levels and a lot of demand through this point in time that we have seen in the export channel. And you have seen the results that we had in the integrated channel here in North America. And so to this point it has been about balancing our supply to make sure we are trying to take care of all of our customers. At the end of the second quarter I wouldn’t venture a prediction at this point.
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it is Tim. A large portion of what we produce is around food. So, whether it is produce or other types of food products a lot of the usage flight top goes into that. So without giving you a hard number, I don’t have a hard number off the top of my head, but there is a big component to consumer goods and food products.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Roughly half of our production of memory serve stays in Brazil. And then it varies up and down. The balance of it does either to the Latin American region and some amount to Europe. The split, it is largely a cut size business. We have a predominant brand in the country [indiscernible] that is very well received by our customer base. We do some printing grades as well, but for the most part a lot of cut size.
Tim Nicholls: That is a good question Brian. We always give an outlook. We are required to give an outlook. We try to give one as thoughtful as we can. I would say April looks like it is turning out okay. We will have to get into May and see, again, I continue this and that we are a short order cycle business. And so a lot of this is triangulating based on what we hear from customers and what we are seeing across all of the converting facilities that we have and looking at it segment-by-segment-by segment. So it is our best estimate at this moment in time, but I think it is acknowledging that there is a lot of fluidity. And as I mentioned with the protein example, one day it looks like 25%, 30% of supply is going to be constrained, the demand is there, but the supply is not. And then a few days later, there is changes in place and protein plants will hopefully be starting back up at a point in time. So just a lot of fluidity.
