Mark Sutton: Thanks, Jay. Good morning, everyone. Thank you for joining our call and Thank you for your interest in International Paper. I'm going to start on Slide 5. International Paper delivered a strong second quarter with solid contributions from our key businesses across our enterprise, resulting in an EBITDA margin of 17.6% which is 50 basis points higher than the second quarter of 2015. Free cash flow for the quarter was strong at $527 million. Operations performed well and a heavy quarter of maintenance outages was executed very effectively. The recently converted machine at the Riegelwood mill is running well and on schedule with our expectations. On the portfolio front, we completed the sale of the Asia box business and closed on the purchase of the Madrid mill. We have an agreement with Holmen to produce newsprint which they will sell until we start the recycle container work conversion in mid-2017. We expect the converted mill to be up and running in the fourth quarter of 2017. And in early May, we announced that we reached an agreement with Weyerhaeuser to buy their pulp business and we expect to close on that transaction in the fourth quarter. I'm pleased to reported that we successfully completed the lump sum buyout program for our term vested employees in the IP pension plan which we initiated to further derisk the plan, consistent with our balance sheet strategy. Finally, Ilim joint venture delivered another solid quarter of performance and International Paper received a $58 million dividend in the quarter. Turning to Slide 6 and speaking a little more specifically to the financial results for the quarter. Revenue was down year over year, primarily due to the sale of the Sun joint venture in China and the sale of our Carolina brand of coated bristols last year. EPS of $0.92 represented strong performance coming off a solid first quarter. And as you can see in the chart on the right, return on invested capital for the first half of 2016 was solidly above our cost of capital at 10.6%. This is an important metric that we watch very closely because it's a good indicator of whether IP is creating value for our shareholders over time. When we run our businesses well and when we deploy capital in a value-creating way, we see this metric improve. We've had six consecutive years above our cost of capital and we've been on an upward improvement trend for several years. All in all, I am pleased with our performance in the quarter and the first half of 2016. With that introduction, I'm going to turn it over to Carol Roberts to cover the business highlights and the outlook for the third quarter.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, Carol, so before I wrap things up, I wanted to take a moment to touch on the strategic opportunity we announced during the quarter that IP has reached an agreement to acquire the assets of Weyerhaeuser for the pulp business. When we complete the transaction, International Paper will be a premier global producer of fluff pulp, with a strong position in North America and the ability to serve growing global markets. This strategic combination will also provide us with a talented team and superior research and development capabilities, including a valuable patent portfolio that will enable IP to better serve customers and make our combined businesses more competitive and more profitable. The valuation around the acquisition is very compelling and offers an attractive all-in multiple, along with solid double-digit financial returns through real and significant synergies and low integration risk. Again, we're very pleased with this acquisition and the integration opportunity ahead of us and look forward to strengthening this business and the rest of International Paper. Moving to Slide 16, I want to briefly come back to the bigger picture for International Paper as we've evolved over the last 18 months or so. Our strategy is to produce fiber-based packaging, pulp and paper where we have advantage production positions and we serve advantaged markets. When we choose the right products, make them in the right places and serve the right markets and the right customers and when we execute very effectively, we generate the greatest value for our customers and our shareholders. Looking at the recent decisions we've made, I believe our actions in Asia, the improvement in our North American Industrial Packaging business, the investment in European packaging and the opportunity of our Riegelwood Mill conversion and the purchase of Weyerhaeuser's fluff pulp businesses are all consistent with this strategy. So, in closing, I am encouraged how, by how International Paper continues to consistently perform in a challenging and changing global environment. Our focus is squarely on execution, from working closely with our customers to deliver superior value to running and improving our operations, to driving cost out of our system and supply chain, all to maintain and improve margins, as you've seen IP do over the last several years. Our financial discipline is evident from our constant vigilance to maintain a strong balance sheet through the rigorous capital allocation. We're committed to strengthening our portfolio businesses and to increase the value of the Company and ensure an attractive future for IP and our shareholders. Finally, we remain intensely focused on strong free cash flow generation and delivering returns well above our cost of capital to drive shareholder value. With that, I would like to turn it back over to the operator and open the lines for questions.
Mark Sutton: For the Company as a whole, the first order of effect is the Brexit action is pretty minor, given our market positions there. We really don't make any products in the UK. We do serve the market. Second order, I think everybody is still trying to figure that out.
Mark Sutton: Yes, let me start with the last and work backwards, on integration, we don't have a target. What we want to do is pick the right segments, pick the right customers and where we can deliver value proposition, take great positions and then grow with those customers over time and then it will be what it will be. We like our integrated channel. We like it here in North America. We also like it in the other parts of the world where we ship more to our converting businesses there. So we also like the two other channels that we participate in. In terms of the acquisitions, it hasn't impacted us directly. We haven't had to make any types of shifts and I don't think it -- from my standpoint, it's one opinion but I don't think it has yet had any material impact on the size of the independent market or it's very fragmented. There is a lot of players in that space. So we haven't seen any direct impact caused by acquisitions over the past few years at this point.
Mark Sutton: So, specifically to the events of the past couple of weeks, no, we have not seen any major impact. I think you look at that region of the world and Turkey, because of just where it is located approximate to some of the unrest, we've seen demand -- economy underperform and some diminishment of demand. But overall, it is a very good market for us. We believe in it long term and we manage day-to-day to balance out the risks that we have. But we've still got a sizable presence there and like it very much.
Mark Sutton: Chip, I would just add on top of that, it is a strategy for us to get better in this area. So each year, we deploy more predictive tools than we did the year before. And that leads us to making different decisions in where we spend money and what we have to repair versus what we thought we had to repair. And we will continue to get better at that, there is a lot of technology and techniques, precision maintenance techniques and predictive tools that help you work on just what needs to be worked on. And we're getting better at that every year.
Mark Sutton: I think the $175 million we feel really good about and it's in the categories that we have demonstrated when you put two really good businesses together, you can find it. SO some of it's obviously an overhead, but sourcing and how we buy all the inputs and get synergies there. And big one for this business is supply chain, in bound supply chain, outbound supply chain and probably most importantly, making the right products at the right facility. So that your total cost to serve is the lowest and your total manufacturing cost is the lowest. There's other optimization opportunities but that's really the buckets that will drive the synergies.
Mark Sutton: Gail, I think in the European context, we redesigned our product offering out of our Kwidzyn mill and it's a real specialty, high-end, high-yield board and so the customers we have in the segments we play in, we haven't seen any disruption. I do think that board you mentioned is finding its way into some of the market, but not exactly in the spot that we're.
Mark Sutton: Directly, we've certainly seen some, as you see published, a drop in exports here in North America, particularly around SBS but attributing that to a specific event is a little bit, would be a little bit challenging to do at this stage.
Mark Sutton: The consumer business is still an important business and you think about that strategic framework around fiber-based packaging. It fits squarely in there and we have a niche business, that's no doubt. SBS on the board side and one type of converting but we also have in Europe, a very good, also niche, high-end FBB business. When you take them all together, our challenge internally is to figure out the ways that we can create value by improving those business and/or growing, but when you put the two together and you look at the size of International Paper, they are not insignificant in the size of our Company. The ways to improve -- there are the ways you would imagine, should we make more converting? Should we offer other substrates? That is constantly in our strategic evaluation. And I wouldn't necessarily comment on whether we would do more or do less or more in another part of the world, but the U.S. business and the consumer behavior for these types of products is pretty strong.
Mark Sutton: I think, the way to create value in a specialty fibers business is obviously to continue to trade up to the higher value, whatever the product is doing for the customer and some of those higher value pulps provide a tremendous technical value or service. And so, we will have and to the question I got on synergies, we will have enough capacity with the two systems together to really optimize and make more of those higher-value products as the customers that we have need them. So we're excited about that and we will continue, like we do in a number of our other businesses, start with a product mix and a customer mix and work to improve that over time, with more of the higher value mix in the portfolio than when we started.
Mark Sutton: That is the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. We have gotten that approval, but that is a different process than the DOJ process. It's one -- when we say we're under regulatory approvals, that is one of the regulatory approvals. Everybody focuses on the DOJ but there are more than just the Department of Justice.
Mark Sutton: So, Mark, I will start on the packaging side which is the business that's challenged because of the exposure to the Brazil economy. As I said the last couple of calls, what we're trying to do with that business is improve it from a cost profile standpoint and redesigning the way we're organize from a people standpoint and redesigning the way that we make and supply the containerboard to our box plants. And then, be as strong as we can and perform where we think we can perform in a positive economy versus a minus 4%. That business has the potential to perform much better at a plus 4% and being able to cover inflation with some degree of pricing versus a minus 4% market and being behind the inflation wheel. So what we're trying to do is change the cost structure, make sure we continue to focus on the customers we have, even though everybody in almost every segment is hurting right now and be well-positioned when Brazil's economy begins to pick up. That is what we can control and we're being very careful with any investments and really trying to do, what I would say, is fundamental basic blocking and tackling on the commercial side And on the operational side. On the paper business, we continue to perform very well in that business. Part of it is because it fits squarely into being, if you're going to make uncoated free sheet and be a global provider. That is the place to make it and it starts with the fiber cost structure and our fiber availability. So given our export position and given the fact that the paper market in Brazil hasn't been hit as much as some of the consumer product markets that hit the box business, we're continuing to perform well and it is part of the same story, is getting our cost even lower and making sure that we go the extra mile to take care of our customers, both in Brazil and outside of Brazil. And we still have some of the strongest EBITDA margins in all of IP in our Brazil paper business.
Mark Sutton: I think if you take the recent past, we've been in the mid-30%s on several quarterly reports and if you look at the FX impact that has occurred over the last couple of quarters, if you just strip that out which you can't, but if you did, you would back into the low 30%s. It is a 30%-plus EBITDA margin business over time.
Mark Sutton: Well, I think the one new thing we have is the Weyerhaeuser acquisition which we think will close in the fourth quarter and that will have a temporary effect, as we bring that debt on and we will see it go back up. But what's important, Scott, is we think about the return on invested capital over a long period of time and we think about it in bands. So the first band is get it to your cost of capital. We've demonstrated we can do that and then we look at two -- as I mentioned before, 200 or 300 basis points above our cost of capital and finding a way to settle in that band. And then the question is always, do you create more value by making your enterprise a larger enterprise at that return or do you create more value by raising that return even further? And, there is analytical approaches to that, that back up the solid business case, so the point number is a blood pressure check, but over time, we want to be in that zone where we have a couple of hundred or more basis points between our 8% cost of capital and our actual returns.
Mark Sutton: Well, Chris, we obviously haven't been able to do any detailed integration work, but when you look at our system and we look at what we can publicly get available on the assets and the products that Weyerhaeuser makes and we will have, as I mentioned early, enough capacity to really optimize the production, but the real focus in this business for us is the higher value-added specialty fibers, starting with fluff and moving up. The rest of the pulp is important and you will always have to make some of it as you make transitions and we have really good customers for that pulp, but the focus is really from fluff, basic fluff, all the way up to the high-value added specialty fibers. And we will have on day one, when these businesses come together because we have invested in the business recently and Weyerhaeuser has invested in the business, but we will have the capacity we need to make the products we want to make for the foreseeable future.
Carol Roberts: So, a good question, Chris, so just one comment, relative to what will flow through the P&L next year from a service cost, I don't anticipate any big change relative to the service course. Of course, that goes through the P&L, as you would expect, again, on the non-operating pension expense, that moves around a bit. I would say directionally, given that we have settled out this current liability related to the buyout, in theory, it should go down some due to that but we won't know until we see how the end of the year comes, how interest rates come out and all the things that goes into that equation.
Carol Roberts: Chip, this is Carol and I will take a shot at that. I think it is both. I think we always look to find better and smarter ways to execute outages. I think we're also making choices about what works, do we need to do, do we have some headwinds against our expectations for the year. So Mark has challenged the organization pretty hard about what are some of the options we have. And then we have got a very large global footprint so one mill is -- we don't break it out at the level of detail but there is some work that we have been able to push into the next year with extending outage cycles. So it's all of the above and the main story here is it continues to be an important part of the work we do, vital to our running well, but we're going to spend our dollars very, very wisely. And so I think that's what you're seeing and we'll try to continue to provide the transparency such that you can see how that evolves through time.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Chip and the one clarification which I think I stated but if I didn't, I want to be clear, with this program that we did, it did require a remeasurement of the plan which normally we wouldn't be doing at the end of June. We would remeasure the plan at the end of the year, so the liability that shows on the balance sheet has been impacted by the very low interest rates that hit at the end of the June which was a combination of all kinds of things going on the globe. So a couple of things will happen, one is we will have a half of year of asset performance. We'll have the contributions that go in and we will also remeasure the plan, depending upon how interest rates move from June 30 for International Paper to the end of the year. So, yes, you are thinking about it correct.
Carol Roberts: Debbie, this is Carol, I think the number is probably trending closer to $1.25 billion and that is a combination of a couple of things. One is we're on unit of operation, so as we run our North American containerboard system, we -- people can -- you can see our utilization of those assets has impacted it. So it has come down a little bit from our original expectations.
Carol Roberts: I'm going to comment on the wood and then I think I will probably let Tim comment on the OCC. The wood is a combination of effects. It's --have been -- I think we would have described it in years past as stubbornly high which it was above historic levels. For us, it has come down and that's been a combination of weather, of strategy, of inventories, of a lot of things that are going on. So we're pleased to see that. And we're hoping that the current level of wood cost will continue. We've got some concerns about other input headwinds and wood, quite honestly, is not one of the ones that we're anticipating, so a pretty good story on wood and then I will let Tim comment on the OCC.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Adam, I think those are the big movers and the big buckets. And I think the one for the second half that will be interesting to see how it plays out is going to be those input costs. Clearly, the outages are pretty clear and some of the commentary we gave around prices, things that we have the line of sight to. So we'll have to see how the input cost evolves over this second half of the year.
Carol Roberts: Yes, so, we remain committed to the buyback and as we all know, we have probably a little less than 1 billion left, that said, we've always said that if there were opportunities for reinvestment into the business to create value, that they -- those would be important priorities and with the size and scale of the Weyerhaeuser pulp acquisition, getting the funds to take care of that and addressing our debt profile will probably be our highest priority in the next year or so. So then you could draw a conclusion about what does that mean for the buyback? I think it will depend very much on how things progress, the business conditions we see. I feel very good about our ability to continue to generate very strong free cash flow, so we will have to see how that manifests and unfolds over the next 12 to 24 months.
Carol Roberts: Yes, Scott and just a qualifier on what you said is, the contributions we made, while real, were essentially voluntary. Voluntary meaning as we look at our balance sheet, as we think about where to take the cash to manage our debt, we have looked at the economics around the pension and said that is not a bad place to go with some excess cash right now. Part of it's the tax advantage way of doing it.  The other thing we always consider is we're always looking out and thinking about will we have a regret factor long term and we never want to have too much where we put money and then we say, why did we do that? So it's a balancing act based upon options. So I think what you're seeing us do is right now, this is what makes sense for us given the point we're relative to our overall debt profile. And there will be no required contributions out until 2019 and even 2019 is a very -- pretty, very small number, so that gives us choices and we will continue to make the choices around all those variables that we think meets our needs the best.
Carol Roberts: Well, remember, there's two ways you have to look at your pension, there is one for accounting and that's your pension benefit obligation, that is the balance sheet. And then there is the funding. The funding is impacted by other factors, considering just the policy out of Washington. Remember we talked a couple of years ago about MAP and how that was the acronym for the smoothing of interest rates, so we have very good line of sight on the required contributions, based upon those things and they are smoothed out. So we know pretty certainly where that is. Now what we don't know is that accounting piece that hits at the end of the year which comes from discount rate -- remember 100 basis points for us is about $1.5 billion to $1.6 billion Delta in that liability.
Mike Amick: The operating cost associated with consumer was strong on a number of fronts. We had really good operations. We believe that is sustainable. Part of the cost picture was also the -- not having the Augusta outage which occurred in the first quarter. We don't have any outages in the third quarter as well, so we feel exceptionally confident about our runnability and our performance moving forward. The other thing I would add to this is we have made some pretty good headwinds around our supply chain cost and our cost to serve as well. So I am very encouraged about that in the context of certainly the quarter and our outlook.
Mike Amick: You're referring to the page in the Appendix. Again, this is Mike Amick. Overall, prices are going up in papers and we expect that to continue to happen, as you can expect and would appreciate, mix comes into this thing, freight lines come into this thing from a transaction price standpoint. But overall, our paper prices are moving up. It could be -- it's just a factor of timing, a lot of times, more than anything else, Philip.
Mike Amick: George, on Weyerhaeuser, as you know, we're going to the regulatory approval process. We've done this a couple of times in the recent past. In our experience, would say things are going as you would expect them to go. We still expect to close in the fourth quarter.
Mike Amick: Debbie, I think we haven't tried to permit a new pulp mill in awhile in the U.S. so we can't speak from actual experience recently, but we think, just based on some of the things we know about existing mills and the way that you have to operate wood pulping operations, it's a pretty difficult process to imagine happening.
Mike Amick: I can start here, we know that from an import standpoint, that we've seen imports in North America up, let's call it roughly 10% to 12%. That is off of a fairly smaller base so it amounts to about 20,000 tons and we know that some of the product is here. We haven't seen it at an appreciable level right now, so from a significant standpoint, at least at this state, nothing significant in North America.
Mike Amick: I don't think we've had a personal experience with our export customers and have made -- closing a position to that particular product, but could it be happening more broadly? I think we'll figure that out, but we haven't had that exact experience.
Mike Amick: Price has been and will continue to move up, there is some impact, as you rightly stated. It centers around mix; it's also timing and so forth. But we do expect to see prices continue to go up.
Timothy Nicholls: Market conditions, so far, I think are roughly in line with what we expected, through the first half, of the year on box. A little bit uneven from month to month, but overall, pretty much what we expected and I think we continue to look at 1% to 1.5% growth for the full year. So, I think in line with how we were thinking about it. On the export side, demand continues to be good for craft liner. Markets seemed like they started to firm as we went through the second quarter so we will have to see how that plays out, but on balance, it feels as expected and pretty stable.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, so far, third quarter looks like it's playing out pretty much as we expected. In terms of Brexit, I will just speak for a containerboard, because there is a whole European business apart from what we do here in North America. But we have a very small position in the UK, so from a containerboard export standpoint, we don't expect any significant impact at all.
Timothy Nicholls: I'll just take the first part and Carol can jump in, but I will take the first part of the question around cost optimization. We feel like it's a pretty rich environment. When you've got such a large system, we move, on average, 200,000 tons a week from our mills to our box plants. So, a lot of productive capacity, a lot of supply chain. We've got people working in all of those spaces, looking for value creation, waste elimination-type opportunities, so is it easy? No, it is not easy. We worked pretty hard at it, but I think it's a pretty rich environment for us.
Timothy Nicholls: I would just say more of a pull from China which is having some impact. You've seen prices in China go up over the past couple of months. Maybe because there is a little bit less generation of locally-sourced OCC in country, but I think this is what we expect, a normal type of variation around OCC pricing as we go through the year. It's going to up; it's going to go down based on generation and usage. Our long term view is that it will continue to rise over time, but I think this is just a normal seasonal type of variation that we're experiencing at the moment.
Timothy Nicholls: I think we made a lot of progress. We were down in the quarter again and look, we try to run a lean supply chain to begin with, so we're managing it real-time, day to day, week to week. And we're making adjustments as we need to. As I mentioned earlier, we moved roughly 200,000 tons a week in board out to our system, so I think we came in lower in the second quarter. I think we have adjusted to supply chain. For the moment, we will have to see what happens. The thing about supply chain is, it doesn't stay static. If you talk to the rails -- the rail companies or their parking cars and trying to make adjustments and so, I think we're nimble enough that hopefully, we see those changes coming soon enough and we react ahead of time.
Timothy Nicholls: I don't want to quantify and said there's going to be X number of tons but there is going to be some amount of system flex that we actually need. We're managing a system that is huge and just normal seasonality. The way we run our supply chain and the way we try to service customers and our businesses, we believe that we're better off flexing over time than trying to cover it with positioning inventory. You always get it wrong. So we will have some amount of downtime every year as we go through the year just balancing out.
