John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. And thanks for calling in. Okay, let me just start off by saying the second quarter was a solid result for International Paper. Temple is -- the integration is going very, very well. The acquisition was meaningfully accretive in the second quarter. That's only 3.5 months -- 4.5 months into the acquisition. The world is going sideways in terms of the environment we're operating in. I think kind of everybody understands that. But the good thing is, International Paper isn't done. We've got a lot of headroom, a lot of levers we're pulling. We're running our business and executing well, but we're laying the platform and the groundwork, and we'll talk about the during the call, for things that are going to meaningfully improve International Paper as we move out of 2012 and into 2013. Just looking at our results for the quarter, we increased our EBITDA in the second quarter to close to $880 million, continued to generate strong free cash flow from operations. The biggest single lever during the quarter was the impact of the Temple integration. And as Carol will outline shortly, we're well ahead of plan and exceeding our targets on most all metrics. In the 5 months since closing, we can say the acquisition is meaningfully accretive. We've got all of our peak outages behind us. Second quarter was a peak quarter. We executed just about flawlessly during the quarter on those outages and operated our assets well, saw some modest price recovery that was in line with our expectations. Didn't see much change in the demand environment you all [ph] netted out. The Franklin fluff pulp mill came up as we expected it would late in the second quarter, and we continued to make a lot of progress on a number of strategically important projects which will meaningfully impact earnings as we move out of 2012 and in 2013. And we'll cover those later as well. So given a largely balanced input cost environment, no real changes there, other than seasonal outages, the only other headwind we had during the quarter was a very large unfavorable noncash foreign exchange swing associated with the Ilim joint venture, and that's really what happens when the ruble weakens. It impacts our joint venture earnings, but as Carol will show you on an operating basis, Ilim results were about the same as they were in the first quarter, and we're off the lag now. So with that, let me just turn to Slide 6, which is the financial snapshot. Revenues were up 6% in the quarter, mainly due to the Temple acquisition. We saw a slight bit of EBITDA compression year-over-year. More than half of that was explained by the higher outages, second quarter this year versus second quarter last year, the onetime startup costs that we incurred in Franklin during the quarter, which were meaningful, and lower pulp prices, which were largely offset by the Temple accretion. But as I said earlier, cash from operations before special items continued to grow, both on a quarter-over-quarter basis and a year-over-year basis, and that's what's really important. So Carol, let me turn it over to you to talk about the businesses.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. Let me just go through some of these strategic projects because I think they are, as I said, are setting the stage for more levers for International Paper to pull to improve our business as we move out of 2012 into '13. And I'll talk to what we expect to be happening during the third quarter. First, Franklin, we're up and running, as Carol said. In xpedx, which is not a big capital project, it's more of a strategic repositioning, we're making -- starting to ramp up on both the procurement side and the realignment of warehouse side. The sales side is a struggle because of what's happening in commercial print, but Mary Laschinger will be on the call at the end when we do the third quarter to give you an update on that. But we're starting to see -- get some traction there. We've got a big boiler project going on down in Mogi Guaçu, which moves us close to energy self-sufficiency at that facility in Brazil. And as we move into the third quarter, we're on schedule and are ahead of schedule and on budget. We may be able to bring that up before the end of the year. At the Sun JV, where we've -- building our fourth coated board machine, the project is well underway. There's a picture on the next page that shows what's happening there. As you can see, we just about got the machine built. We'll be starting that up on schedule during the third quarter. At Ilim, where we got 2 big capital projects going on, one a new paper machine at Koryazhma, in the third quarter, we'll be running the converting equipment. The fourth quarter, we expect to be starting up the paper machine. At Bratsk, where we're building a new fiber line and basically upgrading that mill in a lot of areas, the woodyard is complete, and we'll be starting up the recovery boiler in the third quarter and getting ready to bring on the pulp dryer in the fiber line toward the end of the year. And in India, we've got the first major outage they've ever had at the facility under IP ownership behind us, 34 days long, and we're already seeing a 10% improvement in pulp production per day. And the good news about India is we can sell all we can make, so that's a good place to be with -- in that business. So I think on the strategic project front, execution is going well, and these initiatives are started -- we can see the light at the end of the tunnel, and they're starting to get to the completion point. So let me move now to what is the third quarter outlook, changes from the second quarter. It's mostly yellow and mostly stable. The big changes there, we will have less outages during the quarter by about $130 million. We've got the divestiture impact of the 3 mills that we sold. That's roughly $30 million, Carol, in a quarter. There is some green here. We don't expect a currency impact. Again, we don't expect the Russian ruble to continue to weaken. As I said, a lot of the maintenance outage stuff is green. And Franklin should start to contribute cash now that we're running and start to ramp up the fluff pulp line. And basically, everything else is kind of more of the same going sideways. So I think I'll just stop right there and not go through all these -- all the yellow boxes. But again, just to summarize, International Paper is going to continue to outperform. Looking at our margins, as Carol pointed out, the key businesses in North America, I can see -- I think you could see that margins are -- number one, they're strong; and number two, we're doing better than our competitors. The synergies from Temple are coming more and faster, and they're not CapEx-driven. They're really execution-driven. We feel good about the -- and positive about the containerboard and box price increase that we announced earlier in the week. That's going to start to show up in the fourth quarter. And I think I'll end just where I started. I think it's -- IP is very well-positioned, and the message here is, we aren't done. We've got lots of levers to pull as we approach our potential, even in a global demand environment that's a lot more sluggish than we'd like it to be. As we look at the world, we don't see a repeat of 2008 and '09, but we see pretty sluggish growth. But as far as we can see, which isn't very far, but we're prepared to outperform in that kind of environment. So I think we'll stop right there and open it up for your questions.
John V. Faraci: Well, I'll let Mark Sutton talk about how he feels about that because he's sitting right across from me and is running the business. But I'd say we revised our target up. We had Investor Day in May, and we feel pretty good about -- we feel very good about where we're at. And we'll take a look as we go through the quarters, where we're at. And if we have more good news to tell you about, we will.
John V. Faraci: Well, most of our growth CapEx, Phil, is, just what I talked about, is currently underway. I mean, we're at the -- probably 80% done at the Sun JV, 70% done at Bratsk and somewhere -- probably 70% to 80% done at Kotlas. We need paper in Russia. The Russia paper market is growing at 5%. So we're sold out both at IP and at Ilim. So we need that capacity. The Sun joint venture is -- we're going to bring on a lot of capacity. We've done that before. We'll sell that over time, ramp up maybe a little slower than last time, but we're not worried about that. And the project in Brazil is really a cost reduction project. It's not aimed at more capacity. So we don't have a big agenda of a repeat of these growth projects right behind what's currently underway. So don't be thinking about that we're going to continue to be piling on these projects. We've got a number that are underway now that are either ramping up or going to ramp up. And in the fluff pulp area, we're basically sold out -- as we can get the fluff pulp qualified with customers, we're sold out because most of that product is going into the export markets where fluff pulp is growing at a faster rate than it is in North America.
John V. Faraci: Yes, we still see. Remember, there's not a lot of growth CapEx going in there, but there's more CapEx in that 2013 to '15 period because of Boiler MACT.
John V. Faraci: We're going to be going out in the market with offering the building products business very shortly. And at this point, it's too soon to say what's going -- what the response is going to be, but we've had a lot of interest. So that'll be in the market in the third quarter and very shortly.
John V. Faraci: Yes, the EBITDA is -- I think the run rate in the second quarter is about $80 million, in that range. And if we can be doing that in a 700,000s housing start environment, that business is very well positioned for an improving housing environment over the next several years.
John V. Faraci: We pretty much have our arms around what it's going to be. EPA hasn't come out with the final regulations. They probably won't until after the election. But at this point in time, I think based on the conversations we've had with EPA and the association has had, we can put a pretty close set of parameters around the capital we're going to spend. And the time frame is really going to be 3 to 4 years, depending upon the states, for when the regulations get issued. So it may get pushed out a couple of months, but we know what we're going to need to do. And when those regulations come out, we'll start to do it.
John V. Faraci: Well, I would just say this, Chip, it's premature to kind of speculate on what we're going to do there, but we've got a very good relationship with Fibria. They're running the pulp mill. We've got the paper mill right next door. And so we're having an ongoing dialogue with them about their future plans and our future plans. And I think we're looking -- whatever we do will be in the best interest of both parties.
John V. Faraci: Yes, there's a cumulative impact there, Mark. If you look at their ramp curve, we're not going to be making much fluff pulp in the third quarter, so we've got to qualify it with customers. So you'll start to see Franklin really swing as we move into the fourth quarter and first quarter of next year.
John V. Faraci: Well, we announced, I think, the containerboard price increase late last week and the box price increase earlier this week. So it wasn't -- I'll let Mark comment on that, but I wouldn't say there was much time between the 2 of them. We wanted to make sure we had a good plan to let customers know what was going on.
John V. Faraci: Well, first of all, Mark, we don't [indiscernible] on acquisitions or investments or portfolio realignments. And we're in the business for the long term, committed to a balanced use of cash, which we talked about at Investor Day. So I don't think -- I don't want investors to think that we're on an acquisition -- on the acquisition hunt. We're not. We've still got very clear metrics about what we -- the criteria for making acquisitions. We have made some, and we've stuck to that criteria. And then if we don't find anything that meets our criteria, we won't do anything. But we're committed to a balanced use of cash, which means cash back to shareowners, debt repayment, a strong balance sheet. And selectively and carefully, where we think there's an opportunity and a good value to do something that improves International Paper, improves our businesses, we'll do it. We'll look at it.
John V. Faraci: I think what I was referring to was expectations for the third quarter. The slide was showing the second quarter.
John V. Faraci: George, I was at a Temple, a state where there were Temple and IP box plants, and now they're all IP box plants, the first week. And the plant managers were already talking 3 days into it about how they were going to move business around after they inform the customers, to take the logistics costs out. And remember, this is something I don't think people appreciate. Our logistics costs are higher than our labor costs in the box business. So we have huge opportunities on logistics that weren't available to us because we have a new system, and we've gotten after those very, very quickly. And the waste reduction that Mark Sutton referred to has just been really remarkable. The -- just getting those metrics out in front of people, and they've jumped on that really quickly.
John V. Faraci: Kurt, and one of the things that we talked about in the outlook page, that heat map, or I didn't talk about it, but it's on there, is we are going to incur the startup costs for the Sun paper machine this quarter. We won't have a repeat of the Franklin costs, but we're going to have some startup expenses out of Sun.
John V. Faraci: I think the really important point to understand is, those mill synergies aren't CapEx-driven. There are things we will do when we have a regularly planned outage, and we spend an incredible amount of time planning outages in International Paper because we spend over $400 million a year on them. And we usually execute flawlessly. That's the standard we expect.
John V. Faraci: Paul, it's 1 business. It's operating 1 business. We're going to put it out in the market as 1 business, and there are some bidders that may be -- some parties may be interested more in lumber or gypsum panels. And we'll just have to see how that plays out. We've got really good options to try to realize the highest value, but our preference is to sell it as 1 business. But obviously, we're going to be driven by where the value is. And the businesses are set up where they can be if we end up there, selling them as a gypsum business, a lumber business, a panel business.
John V. Faraci: It depends on how it gets sold, if we're going to be out. The -- we're already starting. We'll be out next week with the information to prospective buyers. And so we'll move as quickly as we can, but our objective will be to maximize the value.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. Phil, if you remember what we said at Investor Day when we broke out the $400 million in synergies, some of those synergies were -- we had line of sight to and we thought we could do it in 24 months, and we happened to be doing it a little bit quicker than we thought. But there were some other things we talked about that have either mill outages tied to them on the manufacturing side or it could be in the commercial area where you just take -- it takes more time. And so we talked about that being in the post-synergy but merger benefit and optimization time period. I think that's where we still feel it'll be. Carol mentioned, 80% of the synergies are in -- so far, in our overhead reduction and fixed cost and operating improvements in the box business. And so, of course, that overhead reduction is not going to continue limitlessly. We've done a lot of that a lot quicker than we thought because we were able to execute, for example, pulling the supply chain teams together, but faster than we thought we could.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So with respect to what we've seen so far in July, it's about what we expected for our business. Carol mentioned earlier that we have a pretty big position in fresh food and produce, and, of course, that strong season is in the second quarter. So we see some seasonal changes in our mix and demand. We expected that, and we're seeing that. As far as how we're looking at inventories, most of our outages are behind us, so we don't see any reason to build inventories. And we're going to continue to make the board we need for the orders we have in the box system. And what we see is about what we expected as we start the third quarter.
Mark Stephan Sutton: That's a good point, John. Export demand, I would say, has been a bright spot. We had a very strong second quarter. We see export demand for kraft liner, I'm speaking about, actually, continuing to improve pretty much in all the regions we serve: Latin America, Europe and the Mediterranean region and Asia. And pricing is also improving in those regions. So we feel good about the export demand.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. Gail, on containerboard on the export market, we saw an exit rate from the second quarter that was about $40 a ton higher than what we exited the first quarter.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, I think that's right, John. And Mark, the real concern is properly communicating to our customers in an appropriate way, whether it's on the board side or on the box side. And as John said, we're only talking a few days' difference here.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. We informed our customers of a 8% increase on boxes and a 10% increase on sheets, effective September 1.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think for the quarter, the second quarter, the average price second quarter to first quarter was up about $15.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Let me let Glenn follow up with that. What I have on the top of my head is the exit-to-exit price. What I don't remember is what the average was in the first quarter. But we can get you that.
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, I think the number one thing I would highlight, and I mentioned it at Analyst Day, but we just know so much more about it now, is the talent level that we have with the new Temple team members and their ability to get aligned with what is a different business model than they were used to. And that has led us to, for example, operational improvements at a much faster rate than we thought. I can think of waste improvement in our box system, for example, freight optimization, and then the streamlining of the operations, whether it was plant rationalizations and moving the business, because, of course, when we rationalize a plant, the goal is to keep 95% of the revenue and the customers. And that's a tough -- a tall order to do and do it quickly, and then also changing the scheduling concept of some of the larger plants so that we optimize what customers those plants serve. That takes a lot of people alignment, and I think that people alignment has gone better and faster than we probably anticipated.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, it's a fair question because -- I think it was in 2 areas. One, it wasn't a tremendously high focus, but also, the way that the business was run before had higher structural waste. So part of it is improving the way the business is run. And the principle there is what we talked about in our strategy, and that is, we believe a box business can be profitable and that each plant should have a P&L focus. And then you have to put, as John said, the metrics in front of people to see all the sources of waste in the box plant, and they are many, and then put systems in place, which we already have and are easy to roll out, and educate people. And then it make sense when you look at the data, and people get on board pretty quickly. So that's really the 2 issues: focus and structurally running the business a bit differently.
Mark Stephan Sutton: George, I'll take the first one. And Tom Kadien is here, and I'll hand the Foodservice question off to him. On share, we're pretty much tracking very close to the market, so I wouldn't say we're gaining share. We're working very hard to keep the customers that we have. And obviously, the box business, there's customers moving and business moving on a continuous basis. So my comments about keeping 95% were specifically about rationalizing plants and consolidating business and changing schedules of plants. But we're largely tracking the market. And at a macro level, not quarter-to-quarter, but over a longer period of time, that's sort of our strategy, to grow with the market. And the question is, what customers and segments do we pick that might give us an advantage in a market? And that's the approach we take. And with that, I guess I'll turn it over to Tom.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Al. The mix comment and what shows on the outlook heat-map chart is really designed to focus on the change in our agricultural business from the second quarter to the third quarter. We're a lot bigger in that now post the Temple merger. So it's in the neighborhood of $1 a ton on boxes. So that's really what that comment is focused on.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think most of the ag that I'm referring to tends to be on the coasts, the fresh produce. And if you look at what's going on in the Midwest drought, I think our biggest potential impact is really the knock-on effect of cost. Some of our customers are seeing their cost rise for feed, corn, feed for their animals. That means they may have to deal with that and could affect their demand. And then our own input materials like starch and others that are related to -- primarily corn is where we see a potential impact from the Midwest drought.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Anthony, the mill synergies, as we discussed at Investor Day, some of the work we've identified does require mill outages, and based on when we closed the deal, we missed the window for some of that. So that's why some of those synergies are later in the time period. But we're not looking at anything unique or things that we haven't done before. There's a lot of projects, some capital, some just operational changes that have to do with energy reduction and consumption reduction, better choices on how we provide fiber to the mills, whether it's virgin fiber or recycled fiber. And in some cases, it's just operational changes that we're able to make while we're running to improve quality and cost. So there's nothing out there that we've discovered in our GAAP analysis that is unique or things that we haven't done before.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, we like our inventory levels right now based on learning how to operate our new system. They're at good absolute level and under control. And as I mentioned in an earlier answer, as we look at the third quarter and where our orders are materializing, given most of our big outages are behind us, we are prepared to run the capacity that we need to serve those orders and don't see any reason to build any inventory whatsoever.
Mark Stephan Sutton: John mentioned, I think, or Carol did, closer to $30 million in Q2. So we're just calling that out as an -- those earnings go away for the third quarter.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail. Yes. Clearly, the highway bill, it only changes the funding requirements. It doesn't change the accounting. So we recognized that. But rather than putting the money into the pension plan, we'll just push it towards the balance sheet debt. And that's a little bit of a shift of what we had talked about. But we still have our target of getting to 3x, so debt repayment is our goal, and -- but we'll move it towards the balance sheet debt versus the pension.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, I'll give you a generic answer because I know in the Appendix, we provide the information by the segments. And so I'm not going to paw through the pages. But I think in the paper segment, I think we saw a $17 improvement in paper prices. We saw a pulp improvement. We don't specifically call out containerboard in the Appendix. We do actually do boxes there. But, Mark, I don't know if you want to comment about containerboard.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Chip, this is Carol. John Balboni, who is heading up the overall integration for Temple-Inland from the corporate side and system side and also looking after building products, it was a positive quarter, and he would categorize it as all 3 segments were a bit better, demand was better, pricing was better and we ran well. And there's a very good team over there that's been running that business well. It's a Temple-Inland team. They're onboard. They're aligned, engaged. So it's been a positive outcome for us. [indiscernible]...
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, let me answer the first part. That operating lease adjustment has always been there. The metric we use for this is we generally use the Moody's metric. So this is just the Moody's methodology, so it's always there. And yes, the goal is 3, and if you do the math, it's going to take into next year, and it's going to take a little bit of time to do that. The good news is, we're generating strong cash. We sold the mills, we've got the building products. Relative to timing, as we said at Investor Day, we don't view these things as sequential. We view them as in parallel, and we'll continue to look at our cash and capital allocation strategy and keep everything in front of us at all times. I don't know, John, if you want to add anything else.
Carol L. Roberts: It's all around your trajectory and the outlook and where you're going. And given the positive trends we see in some of the businesses, as well as the levers we have, we feel good about our cash flow generation potential going forward.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. And I know Glenn can follow up with some more of the specifics, but think about Franklin as a cost in the second quarter with no revenue, and then think about Franklin now running and producing revenue. So it's this nice, positive swing, and I think I'm getting the signal that it's okay to talk about it in the $0.03 range from second to third.
Carol L. Roberts: Relative to Ilim, Ilim is just assuming that the ruble stays where it is. We just don't have to pay for the marking, the debt to market again. So that just goes away. We don't have the hit.
Carol L. Roberts: Mark, this is Carol. There's no doubt that the export price recovery is a very positive. The only headwind we have there is, when you're looking at price, we have to also consider the exchange rate and how that exchange rate might move through the quarter. And, of course, that does influence the pricing on a dollar basis a little bit.
Carol L. Roberts: And, Mark, one more -- or George, one more thing. Mark is being a little modest, too. I mean, the leadership that's been provided has been great, but the depths of the bench at International Paper, we didn't get a lot of the senior talent from Temple-Inland, but the people down in the facilities are very aligned. But we were able to come in with the team that we had and are running it and absorbed it very quickly.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, I think our chart shows that there's about a $7 erosion through the full year. And there's the -- also is a little bit of mix in there, so it's kind of hard to look at that. So that's why we would categorize boxes as relatively stable.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes, George, our Foodservice growth is really a result of the innovation and the new products that we're bringing to market and being aligned with the right customers. I think our volume was up 4% in the quarter. That's significantly better than, I'll say, the overall market is doing. And I think our customers are fighting food inflation and -- as it kind of rolls through their menu. And they're putting a lot of emphasis on beverages as a place to make money and to innovate, and that fits very well with our strategy around the new products.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. Kurt, I would say India is just like we thought it was going to be. The Q2 was all about, frankly, for them, a very large outage. It was our first experience doing a very large outage in India, and that really impacted April and May. But we saw a very good June come out of India and demand. While we're talking about it slowing in terms of uncoated free sheet, as John said, we can sell everything we can make, and we're looking at double digit year-over-year increases in uncoated free sheet there. So it's, as I think I said at Investor Day, it's everything we thought it would be. It's got a lot of upside potential, and it's hard. So I'd say we're right where we thought we would be in India.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. We had a significant pulp mill outage, and our hardwood pulp is up over 10%, which is a real advantage for us in that marketplace. And now that we've got, frankly, at this point, a little bit excess mark -- or excuse me, excess hardwood pulp, now we can put the pressure on getting the paper machine productivity up. So we think we're going to continue to grow, and we've got a nice integrated mill over there in Rajahmundry that's got a lot of upside.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Boy, I'm aware of the weak monsoon season. I think kind of like what Mark Sutton just said, it's probably going to impact food prices. That may have a knock-on impact, but I don't think it's going to hit our uncoated free sheet business.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Well, on the Sun JV, we're a largely nonintegrated producer, so we follow pulp pricing. It's been fairly volatile. If you look at the page in the deck, you can see pulp prices have come down on the input side for Sun, and pricing has come down accordingly. So it's all about managing margins over there. We're sold out. We're still solidly profitable and looking forward to having more capacity to sell, starting up late in September and putting product out into the market probably in October. So our Sun JV is running very well. It's all about execution in the kind of market they're in right now, and they run just a great operation over there. And I think it's a volatile market right now, but as long as we're managing our margins, we're going to be fine. I'm not going to speculate on further expansions into China. Our box business over there, we're starting to get traction, and we have a lot of capacity in our box business that's not full. So we have a lot of growth in China without putting in more expansion or acquisitions.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: I'll handle the consumer side. I would say, we saw some sequential growth second quarter better than first, but it was really the -- the slope of the line was better right up until Investor Day, and then it just kind of moved sideways. So the back half of May and June was really moving sideways. We'll see some sequential improvement in the third quarter again, but I wouldn't call it a recovery. I think we're kind of moving sideways, and seasonality is going to improve. Pricing, I would say, is stable at this point in consumer packaging.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Al, well, I think what we're doing is sustainable. And the way we look at it, we have a North American customer base that we service, and we also have export markets that we service. So our feeling is that through the first quarter and second quarter, we see the market as being stable and our mix in the market being stable over the next couple of quarters.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, they were down in the quarter because we had a heavy outage quarter, and so we didn't ship as much and export in the second quarter as we did in the first. But we're doing a couple of things. We're anticipating the capacity that was asked about in Brazil earlier in the call, and we're working between our Brazilian business and our North American business to look at markets and baseload volumes. We're also backfilling some of the product that Brazil has been shipping into Europe as Brazil pulls back and grows in region.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, I don't want to speculate on price. But what I would say about the demand is, and I think if you go back to a number of the months, at least 2 or 3 of them in -- so far in the first half of this year, some of the months can be a little bit deceptive. There were things that were going on last year. And what we're -- we look at each month, but we're continuing to pay attention to year-to-date numbers. And those numbers look right in line with what we had expected in terms of demand decline. So I saw the June numbers. Yes, it's a big decrease, but when you look at it overall, I think it's pretty much in line. We'll have to see how it plays out over the third quarter.
