Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Tim. We're very pleased with our strong performance in the quarter. It's our best second quarter in more than a decade. But more importantly, we're pleased with the momentum we carry going into the second half of the year. We continue to see profitable growth across our three businesses with a healthy demand backdrop and high mill operating rates. We're monitoring the tariff situation carefully and, although we do not see any near-term impact to our business, it's certainly difficult to predict the timing and potential impact of evolving trade policies, but we're watching it very closely and are involved in the public policy debate. Our team is focused on delivering on our earnings commitments, and that starts with commercial and operational excellence. We believe taking care of our customers and running safe, efficient operations creates sustainable value. We also have internal catalysts to further accelerate our performance, such as the Madrid mill, which fundamentally changes our business model in Europe, as we move from practically 0% integration to about 60% integration on recycled containerboard. And in Global Cellulose Fibers, the team continues to optimize the business and is bringing innovative solutions to our customers as we grow together in the absorbent pulp market. Looking ahead, we are confident in our commitment to deliver a second consecutive year of more than 15% EBITDA growth. With that, we'll open up the call for questions.
Mark S. Sutton: And, Brian, I could just add on the question about how high. I mean, fundamentally, we will remain an investment-grade company. And so there's a lot of that goes into that statement, but one of the things is managing even in an event of any acquisition; number one, how high; and number two, how fast you get it back to the level that we're targeting. And that's just in our mind not negotiable. We think it's important, as Tim said, the word foundational is what it is for International Paper.
Mark S. Sutton: Hey, Gail. Hi, this is Mark. We didn't hear the first part of your question, if you could repeat it.
Mark S. Sutton: A great question, Gail. Specific to International Paper's efforts, on the Ilim side, the way projects work in that part of the world, you've obviously got to announce that you're going to study and look at something so you can get the different government agencies involved. Forestry is managed differently there. Infrastructure in this particular case is in Siberia, and we believe that's an opportunity much like our pulp business to serve an underserved market from a fiber standpoint, that'd be in Asia. But it's just that. It's undertaking a project and a lot of things have to happen for that project to come to fruition. I think that's probably true from some of the other ones I also saw that are not International Paper. And then you take that all the way to something that's certain and sure like our Riverdale conversion. Our view is kraftliner is growing globally because the box market is growing globally. It is the feedstock for all of the fiber uses downstream. And so it's hard to predict what the markets will look like three, four, five, six years from now. But International Paper has first and second quartile high-quality kraftliner. We have the position in the markets that need it and want it and value it. So, for us, it makes sense to continue to be looking at investing in that market over time.
Mark S. Sutton: That's a great question, Anthony. And obviously, we're spending a lot of time trying to figure out strategically different options if you play these statements out to reality. Bottom line, though, is China's got a dynamic economy. It's going to need fiber in the long-term. And from an International Paper standpoint, given we have a large position in the new fiber, virgin fiber, which then becomes, as you know, recovered fiber around the world, we feel very well positioned to be a major player in that value-added fiber, whether it's in the form of a finished product or semi-finished product like containerboard, or whether it's in a less finished like, for example, our softwood pulp from Ilim. It's hard to see and I don't pretend to know what the Chinese Government is thinking around the puts and takes. If a position like that hurts one industry in China, but it helps another and helps trade balances. There's a lot of that at play. We're going to monitor it very well. But I think the big picture is that the world is going to need more fiber for all of these sustainable fiber-based products over time. There'd be dislocations from time-to-time and where it's generated and where it's used. But I think, from an International Paper business model, we are very well positioned with the world's best fiber to be a major player in providing that fiber need in different stages of the value chain, different levels of product sophistication. We feel good about that and we'll continue to try to monitor it and be ready to take full advantage of the position we can play.
Mark S. Sutton: Mark, that's a loaded question with a lot of potential directions it can go in. But let me just say the way we look at this. We just had a recent period where a couple of million tons of containerboard, various types of containerboard were going to be added to the U.S. market. And the underlying box demand, the products that worked versus the products that didn't, I think we navigated through that pretty well. This is another potential global sense in the future. We believe fiber-based packaging is growing. We don't know how many of these projects are going to actually come to fruition and what type of end-product quality. We think it starts with our customers that buy the packaging. And so, that's why we spend so much time saying things like commercial excellence. There's a lot behind those two words. And by having the customer relationships and having the best value chain from tree to box and the recycled fiber in between, we believe we'll be well-positioned, better positioned than anyone really to really benefit from that. So I think it's a robust market. It's a resilient market. And I think we have some very recent history that we can look at and draw some parallels to. And we're going to always make the containerboard in our system that we need for the box orders we have. And right now, you've got containerboard systems in the case of International Paper basically running wide open and full, which is actually not sustainable with respect to customer service and the flexibility you need beyond just when you take mills down for maintenance. So, hard to predict the future. Some of this is way out to 2021 and 2022. But we are very confident in our position. We're confident in the role that we're playing and some of the capacity that will come on. And we're very, very confident in our ability to serve customers on the box end, because that's what really matters in all of this is are you a preferred supplier for the actual package.
Mark S. Sutton: I'll ask Tim to comment on that, given it's a near-term project and there's some unique product given it's got the white top component.
Mark S. Sutton: Yeah. Mark, there is just one thing on the pulp. We do have a part of our capacity is the NBSK asset in Canada. So there's kind of a base load of non-fluff. It's a very good product. It's high quality and very profitable. The plan would not to be to convert that obviously to fluff.
Mark S. Sutton: But I think Tim's comment about probably 85% in the absorbent markets and then some of the specialty markets that are not exactly absorbent end uses would be where we think we can get to.
Mark S. Sutton: Yeah. I think Tim said it right. It's a little bit of a unique business model because, as we've described the channels to market, we make the kraftliner in North America. We ship it, in this case, over the ocean and we convert it in Europe. So you can draw sort of a box around that part of the channel. And then we were buying on the open market all of our recovered fiber, except for a small mill in the Moroccan business. Now, we're going to be 60% integrated. There's still 40% of the recycled paper that we don't make or won't make. But we're a pretty good buyer. And where our geographies are, we should be able to buy that economically. And then there is virgin medium in the European context, the semi chemical medium, which we do not make. But we're a very good customer of the premium suppliers. So, when you put all that together, that channel to market from board to box is going to be cost of capital. It's just not measured the same way as a single geography would be because, as I said, the containerboard that's virgin is actually captured in the North American Industrial Packaging results.
Mark S. Sutton: I think the – it's a good business. So there's always going to be interest in a good business. But the absolute containerboard margins aren't really the final equation. The final equation is the box and having the ability to address all of the various needs of the box customers. And so I think there's going to be a pretty resilient value chain for a company like International Paper that makes both steps of the value chain, the containerboard from very competitive softwood fiber, all the way through to the box. And I think that's going to continue to be the hallmark of that business. It's a lot more. And I think, again, I'd just refer us back to just a couple of years ago, there's a lot more than just adding containerboard capacity and having that really work out in a sustainable way as an investment. You've got to see it all the way through to the box customer.
Mark S. Sutton: Anytime soon, I think that would depend obviously on primarily the recovered fiber price, and it is a wildcard to figure out exactly where China's end game is on this because that's the big lever. And then the rest of the inputs, energy and primarily natural gas, that would be the other input that you would have to track. And then, at some point, you just look at the fiber balance and I think it's dislocated right now because of China. But if any growth in recovered fiber comes at the expense of virgin fiber, you can quickly do the math. And then you're now creating less generation of recovered fiber for every ton that you theoretically would displace a virgin. So it ends pretty quickly.
Mark S. Sutton: So I think, Chip, the first part of your question, was that a factor in our interest in building a bigger business in Europe. No, not really. The interest in Europe was we believe it's a good market and we can build a competitive operation by what we were trying to do. And, obviously, the things that affect the price of the raw material like recovered fiber matter. But you have to believe they're going to change structurally over time. And if you just do the mass balance of fiber, it's hard to find scenarios that really structurally change that for a long period of time that you would justify an investment on. As far as what China is trying to do, I think it's very difficult to predict. I mean, it's extremely popular right now for trade positions by countries to take a very extreme position, see what kind of effect you have, and we seem to be doing it in our trade discussions. I think others are taking positions that, to all of us, look illogical on the surface. But there may be an actual end game in mind or a position that's somewhere south of that extreme position that ends up being where they really want to go. And I think we just have to game it out, think it through and be ready for different scenarios, and that's what we're doing.
Mark S. Sutton: I think, over time, we should expect to see free cash flow grow as we generate more cash from operations. The comment I made about the quarter was simply, as Tim just reiterated, CapEx timing. But, no, our expectation is to grow free cash flow because we're growing cash from operations. That's not automatically going to result in incremental CapEx. But as part of our capital allocation, we should be able to show the returns for that incremental CapEx that's in cost reduction and in the strategic category of capability and, in some cases, some capacity debottlenecking. But we want to lift the entire cash flow equation from cash from ops as well as free cash.
Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Guillermo. Just to wrap up. As you've heard from our remarks, we're very pleased with our second quarter, a very strong performance. International Paper employees executed very well in a very strong economic environment, running our operations close to full. We're very excited about the great outlook that we see for the rest of the year across all of our businesses. I think we're hitting on all cylinders right now and we have a balance of really good commercial performance with our customers and our product offerings, as well as we're running very well. So we appreciate your interest in our company and we look forward to speaking with you again next quarter. Thank you.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. So, currently, we are roughly a little bit below 3 times. So I don't think we're far off. But I don't want to talk about what we might do and when. But the target is to be consistently in a 2 5 to 2.8 times leverage multiple, and it'll be a combination of debt that we pay down and earnings performance.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, I wouldn't forecast what we might or might not do in the year. The commitment is that we're going to be systematic about share repurchases and, at a minimum, we will repurchase shares on an annual basis to offset the dilution from our compensation plans. So we thought we had an opportunity in the second quarter, we bought some shares. As I laid out, all of these things are related and there's a number of actions that we could take around capital allocation whether it's balance sheet, share repurchases, dividend, is something that we look at annually. So I see them as all related, and we'll be reporting back as we do them after the fact.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. It really varies by business. So, if you look at Global Cellulose Fiber, it's mostly an export business. Our markets are in other regions of the world as well as North America. For the containerboard business, we look at it as a strategic part of our mix. We obviously value our integrated box channel. And so we make sure that we are managing the customer demand here in North America and as well as balancing that out with exports. But your question around just margin structure of one region versus another, we still see good margin structure here in North America even on a marginal basis with the transportation costs as they are.
Tim S. Nicholls: Cut out just a little bit again, Gail, but I think I got the essence of the question. We felt really good about our box demand in the second quarter and it was against I think the toughest comp of the year year-over-year. So, protein produce, e-commerce, those segments continue to perform very well for us and we were really happy with growth both on a large customer level and our local business across the entire quarter.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, no, I think you said it well. The only thing that I would add to it is the way – it's inappropriate to first talk about what model we might move to. But in the various contracts, it doesn't establish price. It establishes the basis for us to have a conversation about how the contract will perform and how price may move or not move over time. So I don't know that I can add much more than what Mark said. It works at the moment. Our customers find value in it and it's been around for a long time. And so what we negotiate on actual price is our conversation to our customers and agreeing on the basis of supply.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. It's been a challenge, Mark. No question about it. And I think that we like our box plant assets there. We're challenged on the mill cost side, but we have a great customer base. We got pulled in the downdraft of the economy, and that hit us harder than we ever expected it would. And we're battling our way back from that. But, yeah, we're happy with the engagement of the team and the things that they're working on. But it is taking more time and it's harder than we thought given some of the economic realities on the ground.
Tim S. Nicholls: I think we have the ability to continue ramping up our commercial execution. There's huge leverage there in terms of marginal volume that we put through our box plants. And that will go a long way to restoring margins. There are some cost opportunities, but I think we want to be very careful and very selective about how we think about incremental investments there.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hi, George. Yeah. I think it's what I was trying to outline earlier. We're going to be selective. We're going to be disciplined and we're going to invest in things that support improvement in our core businesses. So I would say, no, there has been no change in our thinking, other than to say we are trying to make better and better choices about investment decisions over time.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. I'd just say, and Mark maybe want to comment on it, but I think the businesses are performing very well and we're set up for a strong third quarter and second half. And related to the first question, I don't want to start forecasting what we're going to do at moments in time. I think we're going to take a broad view. We're going to look at our cash availability and then we'll make the best decisions across the whole capital allocation framework that I talked about.
Tim S. Nicholls: Clarity. Mark said it. We're going to maintain an investment-grade credit rating and we think that at those leverage targets it is very supportive of our current rating. No more than that.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. So the paper margins are important, but we're really looking at what our Industrial Packaging customers are requiring and we're investing in better capability to supply a better product to them through our integrated channel. So this gives us options for a better white top product, more brown containerboard in the geographies where we need it and in the grades and basis weights that we need. So we would see that project continuing on a timeline that we laid out when we announced it targeting mid-2019.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. So, no, on the demand side, we were hit by two things. We had the operational issues in Europe around Kwidzyn, the fire and then reliability issue that's since been corrected. And then, we had the truckers' strike in Brazil, which obviously impacted supply chains for a period of time. In North America, it's really been the performance of our customers, stronger year-over-year sequential demand of our product from us. So those are the main reasons, Mark.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, we're running the system flat out. In fact, one of the challenges in the quarter was just product availability, given how much demand we have. And so we don't see that really changing as we're in the third quarter and going into the fourth quarter. We're 75% today, and the goal is to keep as much as we can adding to our fluff and specialty pulp mix, which could approach 85% at a point in time.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hi. This is Tim, Steven. We are already integrated on a virgin basis with our operations here in North America. So we think we have that piece covered for our European converting business. Will Madrid take us all the way to cost of capital? It'll get us darn close. So it's a big factor in terms of product availability for the basis weights and grades that are growing the fastest. And so, as Mark referenced earlier, it gets us to 60% integration on recycled. And we think in the range for the integrated business converting and mill gets us mid-teens on EBITDA margins but with a lower capital base. So, should get us pretty close to cost of capital over time.
Tim S. Nicholls: No, we do. We have a mill on the West Cost and it does ship our product to China and other parts of Asia. But we also have Southern mills that are positioned very close to ports and have product capability and they ship as well. And Ilim today has a small amount of capacity around kraftliner board that they do ship into Northern Central China and supply that part of the market. So I think we're well-equipped across a number of geographies for supply to China if we need it.
Tim S. Nicholls: No. The plan hasn't changed. It's just the function of timing, Chip. Given outage schedules and project schedules, it just disproportionally fell into the first half of this year. So we're 60%, 60-plus-percent complete on the capital plan for the year.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. What we're doing, Chip, and what we will do is look at the customers we have, the demand they have, and we're going to work hard whether it's through capacity additions or optimization to make sure that we can supply them product they need.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hi, Debbie. It's Tim. No, we don't see any impact on anything that we have done up to this point. It's hard to speculate on what might happen going forward. But any change that did happen would not be retroactive in any way.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. We didn't break it out, but you can follow up with Guillermo. But, in general, in Industrial Packaging in North America, we have usually between $110 million and $130 million on an annual basis of inflation in the business. And then what – I'm sorry, I forget the other question that you have.
Tim S. Nicholls: Okay. No, we do expect them to be up. I don't remember if there was some unique circumstance last year. But from second to third quarter, we expect them to be up slightly.
Debbie A. Jones: Hi. Thanks for getting me on. Two quick questions, one on paper in Brazil and the other clarifying on guidance. There were just some trade articles about producers in Brazil sending offset to Mexico and avoiding duties. I was just wondering if that has a financial impact on IP or any thoughts on an impact to trade flows going forward. And then I'll move on to guidance aspect.
Debbie A. Jones: Okay. And then, on guidance, you did note an uptick in paper volumes in Brazil. I think last year they actually went down sequentially. Am I missing something there? And then I don't think I caught your inflation guidance for Industrial Packaging. Not sure if you gave an exact number on that.
Debbie A. Jones: You just mentioned you put in the guidance that you would expect Brazil that volumes to be higher sequentially I believe and when I look last year, that pattern doesn't hold. So I just wanted to know if there was something there that...
