Mark Sutton: Tim, thanks for covering the details on the business outlook and our capital allocation progress. This is a really exciting time for International Paper and I continue to be proud of our team and the work that they do every day in every area of the company. Sitting here midway through the year, I'm confident in our earnings outlook for 2022 and in our ability to deliver strong earnings growth this year. I'm also very pleased with our progress and momentum in Building a Better IP and I'm confident our team is focused on taking our performance to the next level. As Tim pointed out in his remarks earlier, these initiatives are largely within our control and will create structural earnings improvement for IP over the next couple of years. And finally, we're mindful of the uncertainty surrounding the macro environment, I'm very certain about the resiliency of International Paper. During the past few years, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility. This strong foundation makes IP well-positioned for success throughout a wide spectrum of economic environments. With that operator, we're ready to take questions.
Mark Sutton: That's a great question Gabe. This is Mark. Its purely on ability to actually spend your money. Fair amount of our capital is investments in our Packaging business, which is new plans for new equipment. And what we're hearing from our vendors is the backlog for some of that equipment, push some of our spending out. We do see escalation and if we could do everything we wanted to do in the calendar year of 2022, we'd probably be looking at raising our capital, but it's really just an ability to get the items we need purchased. It's less about installation labor, it's more about new OEM equipment, which is a big part of our non-maintenance capital, and most all of it is in the box business. So, we'd spend it if we could, is a simple way to say it, no change in strategy. No, change in our focus, just the ability to get all of that done and account for it in the calendar year 2022.
Mark Sutton: I think the drought comments, George is primarily in beef issue because they'll have to process some of the cattle early. But it doesn't affect the availability as much on things like poultry. It affects obviously, the price of feed and the cost of those products. But it's the beef issue where they will have to pull forward the slaughter of a certain amount of the herd earlier than they would like.
Mark Sutton: And George -- Tim's, right, I mean, we look at it very, very closely because of the export posture of our Cellulose Fibers. We honestly can't see any market improvement calendar year 2022. So, we're probably looking into 2023 when maybe there's some balanced returns to vessel shipping and port throughput. But we -- maybe we're wrong, but we definitely don't see anything on the horizon as far as we can really look.
Mark Sutton: I think on the unpacking part of your question; the two to three quarter lag is an all-in, part of that is obviously spot by definition goes up immediately on the placement order. And then there's different levels of contracts with customers. And when you put it all together, announced price of x is actually equal to x two to three quarters later. So, we've got a got our business part and contract part and spot and that's why you see a unique realization, scheduled for IP that may not look like anybody else's. So, that's also what provides that dynamic of the contract. These also provides the resilience on any kind of turnover in in pricing, just like it slowed it all the way up and slows way down. So, I think when we have the second half in the books, there'll be two quarters in a row at, you know, above cost of capital performance or right at cost of capital performance. We've made some structural changes in our go to market strategy, regionally on the spot side, and just contractually on the large customer contract side, which will still be in effect in a different pulp market. So, we think through a cycle, the purpose of work we've been doing is to have this business perform at the cost of capital through a normal business cycle. Tim set it in kind of strange language we are working and have made tremendous progress. We're working to get paid for the value of the absorbent pulp that it provides in the end products. And that hasn't always been the case.
Mark Sutton: Yes, that's not bolt -- that wouldn't be what we would consider bolt-on. Bolt on, think about this -- think about it this way Mark, in Europe, we have a smaller business a $1.5 in revenue roughly. And we've done some single and multiple plant acquisitions to build an integrated network around our new containerboard mill Madrid. So natural synergy to an existing part of our business, but we did enter a new a new market. We entered the Portugal market. We didn't have anything there before, but it's integrated to the Madrid mill. So that would be bolt-on, and in the US a much bigger business. So it could be more synergistic with a containerboard and box system, but not transformational. I think what we've been saying for a while is this is the first time IP has been in a position with a balance sheet like we have with a much more streamlined portfolio, and to businesses that have a right to win in their respective markets. And we're going to run with that strategy. Now there's no need for transformational activity. We went through a lot of that. We undid some of it, and we got a company we really like right now. And now it's about getting it to its full potential.
Mark Sutton: It's hard to say, a lot of time has passed since the last time we made any meaningful move, but there's no real reason we can't grow our converting and box business. And you've seen how we've chosen. Everyone has seen how we've chosen to grow our containerboard system to match that box. And that's been mostly through organic activity. And so I don't know the answer to your question, because we haven't tested it. It was an issue back in 2012, where we did get pushback on how much we were trying to acquire. But that was a long time ago. But our focus right now, honestly, is we have enough containerboard for the foreseeable future, we did to Riverdale mill. We've gotten more opportunity in our current fleet to make more containerboard. It's really about making sure we have the box business configured both with assets and with people. And we're short on both of those right now to be able to actually grow at a minimum with the market. Some of that's regional, but on average, we don't have enough of either to really grow with a two plus percent market. And that's what we want to do. We have the containerboard to do that.
Mark Sutton: And Kyle, it's a great question. We're running very well, right now. The issues we had in the mill system last year with the interruptions at the beginning of the year, and the end of the year, and our low inventories in our box plants, we've largely put all of that behind us, the box plants are running very well for all the efficiency metrics like throughput that the margin would generate per hour of production time, where we are challenged is in certain regions, we just don't have enough people. So we ended up making that up with overtime, which is not a long-term sustainable solution, a certain amount is but not too much. So we need some plants that are not running as many shifts as it is they couldn't be running for the demand. That's where people come in. And then in certain parts of the country, upper Midwest, area in Southwest Texas, we need more physical assets, as well as people. And that's what we're working on the assets through our CapEx investment plan. And on the people side, working very hard to hire and retain new employees so that we can run out the assets we have in a more sustainable way, not just working every weekend, and run to the order book that we have. So efficiency is fine. The total available capacity we have with equipment and people is not where we want to be.
Mark Sutton: Yes. Not right now. I got confused. I think Georgetown may be a little bit longer. I think Riverdale is a little bit shorter, but yes, there's nothing new to report at this moment.
Mark Sutton: Yes, I think, obviously, we thought there were going to be a little bit stronger as we were going through the quarter seem to -- the adjustments seems to take place. And I'd say, the second half of May and a little bit into June, I think it's a reaction to things we talked about earlier. Inflation is real. People are making choices. And there's -- as we've read and heard, heard from our customers, there's a lot of inventory and pipelines that needs to be worked off. So but it seems to stabilize and seems to stay the stable around the same level as we go through July. Our view is sequentially. It should be roughly flat quarter-on-quarter, obviously, down a little bit versus last year, but stable quarter-over-quarter.
Mark Sutton: Faster implementation, I think it's consistent with prior increases that were implemented, it's the security of supply. And people want to get that, for the longest time wanted to make sure they had boxes and just making sure that there's no disruption to their operations. So we -- the first price for several price increases were the fastest we've seen on any historical comparison. And this last one seems to be going at the same pace. By the end of the third quarter, we'll have most of it done. There's a little bit of residue or residual that falls over into the fourth quarter, but so far, it's continuing as the prior increases.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Okay. Appreciate that. Yeah. On the durables, it's really a very small part of our mix. And we're always looking -- we manage a very active S&OP process, and we're always looking at how we run our system. I would say that while demand softened a little bit as we went through the second quarter and our view is for it to be stable quarter-to-quarter, the supply chain constraints are real, and it's extending supply chains. And so part of the effort over the past years with those difficulties to get inventories back to a sufficient level, which may be elevated to historical levels. I mean, we're looking at four, five, six days additional time to move product between mills and box plants. So it's very dynamic at the moment. We're just trying to make sure that the inventory levels we have are sufficient for this type of service requirements that we have to our customers.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. Phil, if I could just add to Tim's comments, we really haven't changed the guidelines for our dividend after the changes in our portfolio. We still target the 40% to 50% of free cash flow, and we think that's the right amount. We continuously evaluate that with our Board. We listen to what investors have to say about it. What's different in our capital allocation, of course, is the ability to consistently at the right value have a share repurchase flow of cash back to shareholders. That's not episodic. It can be more consistent when it makes sense. The cash is there. And Tim talked about it in his prepared remarks around our ability to operate our system in different economic conditions. So wide open when it needs to be less than wide open and shedding marginal cost. And so when we think about potential downturns, there's always a question of how long and how deep. But just say a potential normal downturn, we have no concerns about the cash generation, the dividend or any of the real important capital allocation. Even CapEx, I mean, we've not been in a position to just say we're going to go and we're going to do what's right for the long term of the company even in a slowdown, and we feel very good about that right now.
Mark Sutton: I think that's still a reasonably good number. I mean there's obviously some noise in the variable cost side of given all the inflation. But I think that's probably still a good number from a modeling or planning standpoint. It obviously won't be exactly that, but it's in the neighborhood.
Mark Sutton: Yeah. I think that we had more input cost pressure in the second quarter, and we see that continuing at a slower pace. But continuing in the third we think it does stabilize, level out as we go through the second half of the year. But I think it's just -- it's not anything more than just timing based on swift movement of inputs, and it takes a little bit longer to recover as we continue to implement the price increase.
Mark Sutton: Not significant amounts of cost release. It seems some things flatten out and moderate just a little bit as we went through the second quarter and now that we're in July. But I think the way that you framed it up is how we're thinking about it. We see some more input cost pressure at a slower rate of increase in the third quarter than we saw in the second. And then I think as we go through late third quarter through the fourth quarter, we see more stabilization at these elevated levels.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. And thank you for being with us today. As you could tell from our remarks and some of the Q&A, we're very confident and optimistic about the future of IP. We've reaffirmed our 2022 earnings outlook. We're making strong progress. We have a lot of momentum as we focus on Building a Better IP. We'll be at the upper end of that savings and earnings commitment for this year and we'll be well on our way into the targets we set for 2023 on that initiative. We've got a balance sheet and an overall financial strength of the company that we haven't had in a long time. That gives us a lot of flexibility. It also gives us a lot of ability to manage through the different economic scenarios that everybody is kind of trying to predict and plan for right now. We think we're ready for just about anything that can come, and we're going to perform very well through any scenario that we have in front of us. We think this all leads to our ability to really break through and accelerate value creation for our shareholders with a strong company, with a great employee team and the right -- and the ability to invest in the right ways without regard for any kind of temporary economic changes really positions us very well. So again, I thank you for your interest in International Paper, and we look forward to speaking with you again at the next quarterly update. Thanks.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. Hey, Mark, its Tim. Yes, it is sequential down a little bit year-over-year. So, I mean, it's a good question about time to work off excess inventories. And what we're seeing, I guess our belief is hearing from customers that we think it's going to take a little bit more time. There have been some shifts, more travel, less purchase of goods that we've noticed. Also just unit volume through retail, as people adjust given the high inflation rates, so, but it seems like that was a fairly quick shift as people are making day-to-day decisions. And so our view is we're in the third quarter, is that it's going to be roughly flat from second to third.
Timothy Nicholls: If we know about it, we included sometimes things come through just better than expected in its timing. I mean, some of it was probably expected not to hit until the third quarter. And so it happens in the second, it's not going to happen again. So, when you think about the one time you think about two and three together, I think we're about where we thought we were going to be.
Timothy Nicholls: On export, I'll talk first and then containerboard. On pulp, as I mentioned in the comments, supply/demand fundamentals remain very strong. We try to look through by region as much as we can to gauge inventories and, of course, we talked to customers and what they're telling us and inventory levels look like they're at historic lows at the moment. So, we expect underlying demand to continue to be strong, globally for fluff pulp and certainly supply chain is contributing to that because the vessel delays are really not much better than they have been for past several quarters. On containerboard, I think you're referencing Europe. We are going down in the third quarter into a seasonally slower period of time in Europe, we saw solid demand and we saw a price increase through the second quarter. It may moderate a moment just as a seasonally slow period, but we don't see any significant underlying weakness there.
Timothy Nicholls: So George, on the capital spending, we take a longer term view on capital. I think what you're talking about would be what we characterize as maintenance capital, that there's nothing that we're looking at in terms of major back ended mill types of expansions or additions. So we probably been a little bit lower in the past couple of years on maintenance. It's up this year, but it kind of normalizes in that roughly $500 million a year range. So, -- and again, on maintenance, we take a five-year view. And so it does ebb and flow just because of timing of when equipment needs to be taken down and maintain some of that periodic -- some of it's on an annual basis, but I wouldn't call out anything exceptional around the capital part. And then what was the second part of your question? I'm sorry.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I think on protein, we expect poultry to be strong, most popular form of protein and given cost increases across all the protein. Maybe there's a shift from beef and pork to poultry. So, we think we think generally a protein should be okay. Poultry should probably be the beneficiary in the foreseeable future.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, I'd say you're in the ballpark and the way you're thinking about it, George, on supply chains. I think you had that right too, who knows. One port seems to improve and another port seems to deteriorate and we've seen it both on the East Coast where it's very important for the fluff pulp business. The West Coast ports have knock on effects for sometimes, but it seems to be just moving port forward.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we look at our mix of business, and we talk to our customers. And then we have the experience of how we ended the quarter. And how’s continued in July. So based on that we have a view that through the third quarter, and there's always some seasonal puts and takes, but we have a view that within a margin of error, it's a roughly flat what we have the second quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Yeah. Well, we want the dividend to be sustainable. That is first and foremost attractive, but also sustainable. So we take a look at it. We're just starting the process now. We look at it on an ongoing basis, but -- and more depth over the summer. And we usually, if there are any changes or if it remains the same, we communicate that in the third and fourth quarter. I think right now that's work to be done, and the conversation with our Board and our Board is very active in terms of how we how we think through total capital allocation. So there'll be more to come on that later. I think we feel good about share repurchases. We've tried to be very opportunistic. And yes, it's a powerful number that we've returned so far through six months this year.
Timothy Nicholls: There are -- and I don't know if we're officially in a recession or not or what will come, but there are countercyclical benefits that offset sometimes downdrafts and economic activity, month for earnings and cash, when you think about input costs, so on the earnings side and you think about working capital on the cash side.
