Thomas Cleves: Thanks, Paula. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining our second quarter earnings conference call. Our speakers this morning are John Faraci, Chairman and Chief Executive Officer; and Tim Nicholls, Senior Vice President and Chief Financial Officer. During this call, we will make forward-looking statements that are subject to risks and uncertainties. These are outlined on Slide 2 of the presentation. We'll also present certain non-U.S. GAAP financial information. A reconciliation of those figures to U.S. GAAP measures is available on our website, and our website also contains copies of the second quarter 2010 press release and today's presentation slides. With that, I'll turn the call over to John.
Thomas Cleves: Mark, this is Tom. Keep in mind, on that slide, the color is meant to comment on the impact to International Paper, not the impact to Ilim. So the strong increase of Ilim is still more muted increase for overall IP earnings.
Thomas Cleves: Mark, the Consumer Packaging businesses are seeing pretty good demand for all SBS grades, the numbers are out there pretty public. But we're looking at I think 4% quarter-over-quarter growth and 12% year-over-year. The cupstock markets are strong. Foldings are improving, you're seeing price announcements in all of folding grades, not just the SBS. So particularly in the consumer side, we've seen some pretty good strength in the second quarter.
John Faraci: Okay, Tim, thanks. I'm going to take a minute and try to describe how we see the current global macroeconomic conditions. And we've got a map here, we've tried to color it and just give you a sense of how we're seeing the business environment.  I'd say, overall, it's positive but it's mixed. Our biggest market is here in the U.S., where we had 70% of our sales. I think the best thing we can say about the U.S. economy is, it's out of the recession but it's in a transition. Growth has been positive. But as we look at what's happened in June and July, we'd say the economy is still growing, but it's growing at a slower rate.  The outlook for economic growth is better elsewhere, especially in Russia, Latin America and China. Europe, where we do business, it's mixed. Germany and Poland are quite strong, and Turkey. The balance of Europe, for the most part, looks like North America. There is some better news though, I think all the concern about whether some of these countries in Europe are going to really pull Europe back into a recession, both Greece and Portugal have been able to raise money recently. China, as we all know, is very, very strong. Russia is growing at about a 4% to 5% rate this year, and Latin America is also expected to grow in the 5% range, but obviously, that's very important for us since we're the major paper producer in that part of the world.  So looking ahead to the third quarter. We expect volumes to continue to grow, although at a slower pace. We expect to continue to realize our announced paper and coated board price increases, and we expect significant incremental realization of our announced North American corrugated packaging price increases. The third quarter is also going to be our latest maintenance outage quarter in North America, and we'll see a slight increase in European outages. But overall, it's going to be a plus for us. We expect input costs to flatten out but stay relatively high. We do, however, expect a favorable trend in our wood costs and we're less certain about the outlook for OCC. We're also seeing a third quarter significant increase in other cost, and these are primarily quarterly true-ups of annual estimates for LIFO, legal cost and compensation.  So I'm on Slide 29, and let me just summarize here. The second quarter was a good quarter. Volume recovery was in line with the economic recovery. We got significant price increase realizations. We've reduced our fixed cost. We had strong operations, in fact, the kind of operations International Paper expects every quarter, and we had declining wood costs.  Our third quarter outlook, as I said, North American demand will continue to grow or, say, in the Paper business, be stable. Although that growth will be at the slower rate. Supply and demand, this is important, remained very, very tight. Inventory levels, in some cases, are 30-year lows. And as we go around the world and look at the supply-demand balance, inventory in all of our businesses, Containerboard, Coated Paperboard, Uncoated Freesheet and Pulp, inventories are in a good spot. We expect further realizations of our announced price increases. Moderating wood cost, less certainty about OCC as I've said and a reduction in maintenance outages. So all in, we expect third quarter revenues and earnings to be meaningfully better than the second quarter.  And now we'll stop right there and open it up to your questions.
John Faraci: I mean, basically, we think that the incentives are probably on the wrong end of the curve here. This incentive is ought to be on the supply side. We'll compete with anybody on the demand side with competitive facilities. But if we wanted to have more biomass and more biofuels, what we got to be doing is putting the incentive on the supply side or encouraging people to grow more fiber. And the International Paper, we think we're a competitive buyer of fiber. If we have to compete with people to have an advantage and they got an ocean between them, that's just a fact of life that the arguments we're making to people, and I think people are starting to listen, is the way to really do this and do it effectively is to increase the supply side because nobody really wants to see the forest shrink. And there's a supply-demand balance on the forest side too.
John Faraci: Yes, I think what we need to keep in mind, Gail, is we all knew that the impact of Chile wasn't going to last forever and frankly, the prices, the run up in prices went further and lasted longer than actually we thought. I mean nobody knew. So the Chilean capacity is coming back on. I think the recent statistics that just came out on Pulp, in terms of demand and inventories, are positive. But the run up in pulp prices, that was attributable to the interruption of the big chunk of global capacity where they weren't structural, they weren't permanent. And they were going to moderate, and they're starting to moderate. So I'm not surprised at all. And I think moderation of pulp prices will be a function as we go forward at supply and demand and inventories. And inventories are in good shape, and our demand is still relatively healthy.
John Faraci: I think, well, in North America, 70% of our production is fluff. So that's a lot less volatile than market pulp or paper pulps, although they didn't move together, but they're less volatility. I think the connection in paper prices in Europe to pulp prices is harder than it is in North America, but I think it's becoming looser. So I think what's driving prices in Europe is not pulp prices, it's much as the operating rates and supply-demand balance for paper in Europe. And in Russia, Ilim has got the -- with their Pulp business, has got the major exposure to pulp prices. And we all knew that prices, whether it's $100 or $125 a ton, they ran up, partly as a result of taking out a huge chunk of capacity associated with the Chilean earthquakes.
John Faraci: Rich, we've continued -- and I think it's important for investors to understand that we have not changed our view on cash allocations, it's going to be balanced. And we've been saying our priority is to have a strong balance sheet and get some great credit rating. Their balance sheet debt is getting close to where we want it, but we got pension liability to fund, which we will. Returning cash to share owners is part of the balanced use of cash, selective reinvestment, to make International Paper stronger is a balanced use of cash, and selective capital reinvestment in the existing businesses to keep our best assets competitive is also a balance use of cash. The how much of that we do in each of those buckets is going to be a function of the opportunities and how much cash flow we generate, but we're pretty positive about how we see the free cash flow story going forward.
John Faraci: So we've gotten better at operating the whole industry as of lower inventories. We haven't got enough better to be operating International Paper today at the inventory levels we're at.
John Faraci: Well, it's a little bit of a drag because we've got some unused or we probably have more sheeter capacity than we have demand right now. Overall, the supply and demand are imbalanced, and we got a little less flexibility than we had before without Franklin. But the Courtland mill is making a lot of progress of kind of achieving the same customer service platform that we had when we had both Courtland and Franklin. But that's not as to expected with unemployment being saying frustratingly high at nine-plus percent. White collar employment is a big driver of cut-size consumption. So I think it's healthy that we're seeing the commercial print market actually show positive signs because that means the advertising and economic activity is coming back a bit.
John Faraci: Well, as improvement for mix opportunities. And we'll, if we have to try to squeeze that incremental production to meet customer demand, we'll attempt to do that.
John Faraci: Well, I think the way you need to look at that is to draw a conclusion from that. You need to see where everybody's starting pulp price was and also by market. Most of what Ilim sells is into China, and I would say Ilim is selling at the market price now. And the market price in pulp, in a particular market, whether it's Europe or Asia or the U.S., there is some variation but they're not $100 a ton variations for the same grade. So I think what that's suggesting is a lot of the competition globally caused Ilim to make the price adjustments they made to get their prices in line with the competitors.
John Faraci: Well, we are seeing the price increase on the second one come through, and we're not going to forecast what might come towards the end of the year is going to roll out. But I would say, the supply-demand balance is very, very tight.
John Faraci: Think of this as the Rock Creek transaction winds it up. It winds up everything and the transaction is going to close in the third quarter. 163,000 acres isn't tied to the mineral rights transactions, different lands.
John Faraci: I would just add on to that, Chip, that's something we manage very, very intensely, every outage, in terms of how long, what gets done, how much production do we get, how fast it is to startup and get back on grade. And there is some headroom there for us to get the work done and spend less. And we did a good job on that in the second quarter with a lot of outages going on. I think it's managed very, very intensely because it's a lot of money.
John Faraci: You're not on the map, you're on the outlook slide. Well, Ilim is going to see a one quarter lag, where you could see the flow through of higher pulp price, I think they've got some outages coming up. So Ilim earnings are probably will have peaked in the May, June, July period.
John Faraci: And just a reminder, it's not all cash. And with that, we still expect to meaningfully improve our third quarter results over the second quarter.
John Faraci: One other comment on containerboard, this isn't asteroids, but I think the point to make is we sell into a whole bunch of markets, not just the U.S. box market and to independents in the U.S. And we think that strategically is the right thing for International Paper. Our net mill margins now inside of our export markets are better than our net mill margins in North America. And I think that's really important to understand because obviously, that is always the case. But with the global supply-demand balance we have, we've been able to substantially improve our realizations on linerboard sales outside the U.S. And some geographies are better than U.S. now.
John Faraci: The reflection of it is the rate of economic activity in the U.S., that the North American market is slowing. The people in Washington recognize that. We're seeing it. So box demand will be positive but it may not be as positive as it was in Q1 and Q2, but it will be positive. And there's a big difference between being positive and being negative. Longer term, George, we think we've got the portfolio that we need to get the company to an average of cost of capital returns over the cycle. All of that execution, obviously 2010 is not a mid-cycle year from a macro standpoint, it's a transition year. Our Box business slipped double-digit rates in 2007, and we're back up four. So if you're down 14 and up four, you're really not in a mid-cycle kind of an environment. But we don't see the having to make major realignments in the portfolio, acquisitions or divestments to get the cost of capital returns and meet the challenges. And what we think we're up for is to do what ever we got. We need a macro environment to continue to get better, and we'll slowly, we should -- we'll get better faster. And we need to execute on the improvement plans and realize all the margin improvement that's part of International Paper's earnings runway going forward with the businesses we have. To anything we do above that, George, I would view as headroom. It's just building the opportunity to be stronger and better and improve our returns.
John Faraci: We see positive growth in Eastern Europe, in Russia, in China and Latin America. That's been in the 4%, 5%, 6% range. We just had actually a consultant do a global survey for us. We don't see that obviously in North America, but these emerging markets still have a lot of growth in them because per capita consumption is so low and the economies are improving. And when the economies improve, things like paper consumption go up. They'll never got to levels per capita as we have in North America, but they don't need to, to show that kind of demand growth probably in the next decade.
John Faraci: [indiscernible] mills because if you think about it, North America isn't the supplier to China, Latin America, Europe, Eastern Europe and Russia. And those markets are going to get supplied regionally from production there. So I don't think you can think about it in a global sense of it all netting out. North America, basically, it's not like containerboard where a big chunk of North America can go around the world because it's not competitive on a delivered cost basis. We're sold out in Russia. Between Russia and CIS, we don't have any extra capacity, so we've got to be thinking longer term about how do we supply that market.
John Faraci: Well we've been configuring Europe for better part of the decade. Leaving out Russia, we've gone from 10 mills to two, Saillat and Kwidzyn. And Kwidzyn is a very good facility. So we've got less capital tied up there. We're kind of in different position relative to the industry. We're a small player, and we've made a lot of improvements. I mean, Russia, Svetogorsk can have a record year. So I think it shows you that we can by restructuring the business and optimizing, and this has been done over series of years, not just something that happened in the last six months. We now got a platform over there that's rightsized for the market. And both Paper and Packaging are firing on all cylinders.
John Faraci: Yes. So think of it as Southern Europe and the Mediterranean, France, Spain, Italy, Turkey and Morocco. We're winning Industrial business. So we're clearly gaining some market share, and the fruit and vegetable strategy is paying off because we targeted specific segments that are doing well in the Mediterranean. And we also had no mills. So the right strategy over there is to be a net board buyer because there's been a kind of a structural surplus of recycled linerboard. Europe is heavy to recycle in terms of the end markets, and we like being a board buyer over there, which has been helpful. That's not our strategy in North America, but it's a different market and a different supply-demand balance.
John Faraci: Well, we're seeing it in xpedx. And we think of xpedx, our second quarter sales were up 3% compared to first quarter, but still down 17% compared to the second quarter of 2008. So xpedx serves almost every major metropolitan market across the United States and not just commercial print but packaging and facility supplies. They are really good barometer of economic activity. And if you look at first quarter compared to second quarter, it's about flat. So that was a -- the rate of economic activity has slowed down, maybe still positive, but slowed down.
John Faraci: Mark, when you look across all of businesses, the GDP growth is three-plus percent. It's more like it's around 2%. We'll see how the numbers play out but I think that's what it feels like in the third quarter. Paula, that ends our call for today. For those of you still on the line, Timothy Nicholls and I will be available in our offices for follow-up questions. Thank you for joining us today.
Timothy Nicholls: Mark, we've looked at it, and the early work that we've done, we don't see a huge benefit for the company. In fact, we think it's mostly a push on the map. But then when you layer in the consideration that we would have to return the credits that we filed for last year under the alternative extra tax credits and then accrue those benefits over some period of time, we don't see the rationale for making any kind of change from what we've previously done at this point. We're going to continue to look at it. And if anything changes, we'll let you know, but we don't see a big benefit right now.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes. We're going to have -- it's going to be LIFO, and it's also going to be accruals for incentive compensation as business performance improves. So those are the big items that are going to shift.
Timothy Nicholls: I mean it's going to be a meaningful increase. I don't want to get into forecasting what the actual number is going to be, but we're going to see a meaningful increase from second to third quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: I think it's an open item, Gail. We made what we thought was a significant and meaningful contribution earlier this week, and we had the option to make additional contributions as we go through the rest of this year and early next year. But we'll evaluate it as we go.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, well, you see what we've done here so far this year. We've also, which is not on the slide, increased our plans around capital investment organically across the company this year, so we'll end up spending probably $300 million more this year than we spent last year. And debt reduction continues to be something that is a potential use of cash as we go through the second half of the year and into early next year.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, we are. And the other point that I would make on the increase in capital spending this year, as we've said in the past, a big chunk of that is devoted to cost-reduction, consumption-reduction projects that we think had very high returns. And they're not huge projects, they're smaller and easier to execute. So in the event that we can identify more of those and pull some of those for, we'll do that as well.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, we understand how important the dividend is to share owners. It's important to us. We made an increase earlier this year, the motivation is to continue to get more of the cash back to share owners over time. So yes, I think that not calling a date certain but as we go forward and make progress on debt reduction, we'll see that shift.
Timothy Nicholls: Well, Chip, we typically run between 350 million and 400 million. So yes, we'll see a beneficial impact from some of the capacity coming out. But as a rule of thumb, I'd say you're still going to be around about 350 million. If we can make it less, we will though.
Timothy Nicholls: No, we have the LIFO charges, we have series of revisions, we have incentive comp accruals. Because remember, we're coming from a very low base in the first part of the year in terms of how we were performing against our targets. So you have all of that. And I don't like to put numbers out, but it's going to be in the $0.15-plus per share range. So I think it's significant.
Timothy Nicholls: Yes, you're right, that was the goal for this year. So we've hit it on a run rate basis at the end of the second quarter.
Timothy Nicholls: Pete, off the top of my head, I think it was around $60 million to $65 million, that's what I recall.
Timothy Nicholls: I don't think it's going to be a drag. I think it's -- my line of sight is probably not any better than the third quarter. But as I look to the third quarter, I don't see a big consumption in working capital. They pick up a little bit.
Carol Roberts: Mark, it's definitely been very costly. Shipping, you get the paper to the box plant, you need it in another plant, you're touching it sometimes three times, sub-optimal routes. And so we estimate -- that's one of our areas of improvement that we've been unable to improve. And we estimate that it's probably, I would say, $2 million, $3 million a month of extra cost we've been carrying. And I'm viewing that as upside going into the second half, and we can capture that if we can get our inventory back to reasonable levels.
Carol Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. I would say that I'm hopeful that there's more than that left, and I'm not going to speculate on a number. But if you think about it, we announced 50 and we announced 60. So it's pretty clear that the first 50 is all the way in and we started to get the impact of the 60. We have a lot of contracts that are quarterly, so we're going to see a pretty good increase in July just because of timing. We still have some that'll flow through in August, and actually a little bit into September. So we'll continue to see that second $60 increase flow through into the third quarter.
Carol Roberts: Yes, George. Relative to the mill optimization with the two closures of Pineville and Albany, and that was $60 million for the year or $15 million per quarter. And that's complete, done and we're doing well. And that was important part of our $300 million improvement. The other pieces of our improvement was consumption in our mills on fiber, energy and chemicals, and we're making significant progress there. We're on track. Other part of our plan was the efficiency and productivity improvements in our box plants. That's on track. And in fact, we just announced the closure of our Jonesboro facility, which brings total 17 facilities we've closed as we restructure and continue to drive down cost and optimize sales and productivity. So we're making good progress on all those fronts, and there's a significant improvement when you have a system as big as ours. The area where we remain challenged that I feel we're going to turn it around in the second half, and as I referenced, the supplies chain or distribution cost, which was a big opportunity out of the warehouse or acquisition. We just yet been unable to hit stride there, but we're optimistic we can get our inventories in line. And that's also translated to high waste in our box plants because we haven't have the right rolls at the right time. So that's an other opportunity to get that lined up. But all in all, I'm very optimistic and feel very good about our progress.
Carol Roberts: I think, clearly, there's more opportunity, and particularly, there's flow through. The way the export market as you negotiate for production and then those tons flow through. So we're still going to be seeing rising revenue and cost, our price per ton in the export channel through into the third quarter.
Carol Roberts: Yes, George, as you know, demand in the second quarter was very solid, up sequentially, up year-over-year both for us and for the industry. But we did see somewhat of a slowdown from May to June. But June was still a good month with 22 days, and we've similarly a slowdown in July, still well above last year levels but slow. But at summertime, you're in between ag season, there's a summer doldrums. I have a theory, it's very hot in the country, people eat less, they get out less. It's just a little slower, but we're still optimistic. And I think we're going to continue to see positive year-over-year comps. And we build our plan around pretty modest growth. So we think it's going to be fine, particularly with the very continued tight supply and demand dynamics that we saw.
