John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. As we usually do, over the next 10 to 15 minutes, Carol Roberts and I will review our first quarter results with you, performances of our individual businesses, then we'll open up for your questions. And we've got several of our business leaders here today to take some of those questions. So let me start right in. To start off, International Paper earned $0.57 a share in the first quarter. It's the second best first quarter we've had since 2000, the best being last year. We continue to generate strong free cash flow and, importantly, got off to, I think, an excellent start, integrating Temple operations where we closed in mid-February. And we've accomplished a great deal in the first 6 weeks. While our results were in line with -- slightly favorable for our expectations, we experienced a normal seasonal weakness that you always have in the first quarter coming out of the holidays in our U.S. businesses. And it's -- the first quarter is also slow in Latin America. The main driver for year-over-year, as Carol will explain, were lower pulp paper packaging prices, primarily in export markets. And we supply those export markets out of North America, out of Brazil and through our Russian joint venture. With that said, all the global markets really bottomed in the quarter from a pricing perspective and, on average, we're trending up as we exited the quarter and moved in April. So the pricing actions in the export markets are beginning to take hold. We really bottomed out in the first quarter. We've also made very good progress on our strategic initiatives during the quarter. The Temple-Inland synergies began to improve from day one, allowing us to basically get through the first quarter with Temple being EPS awash. And we also continue to make a lot of progress at many initiatives we have in the pipeline, which will be completed this year and will produce results next year. The Franklin fluff pulp project, the new coated board machine and the Sun joint venture in China; the 2 big projects in the Ilim Joint Venture; the Mogi Guaçu boiler, which is going to reduce our energy cost in Brazil; and the xpedx strategic initiatives. All those will impact earnings in a positive way next year. So let me move to the next slide, Slide 5 in your deck. Revenues for the quarter were up 5% versus last year in the fourth quarter, mainly due to the Temple-Inland acquisition. EBITDA margins were in line with expectations. Free cash flow -- International Paper's free cash flow story remains strong at almost $360 million for the quarter, roughly equivalent to the first quarter of last year when you normalize for capital spending levels. So before I turn the presentation over to Carol, I would just like to once again welcome the employees of Temple-Inland, who -- many are listening in to International Paper, and reiterate how encouraged I am with the early progress that we're making, integrating the businesses, and just reinforce our vision of aggressively building and operating the best corrugated packaging business in the world. And we measure that a couple of ways: by our results versus the competition, the quality of our employees and the quality of our customers and the returns we generate for our shareowners. So good first quarter, and I'll turn it over to Carol.
John V. Faraci: Yes. Thanks, Carol. And I'm on the slide that's got a lot of yellow with a little bit of red and some green on it, which is basically framing up our outlook for the second quarter, and then I'll talk about the rest of the year. So looking ahead to the second quarter, we're going to be moving into a seasonally stronger period of the year. That said, the GDP growth numbers this morning weren't all that impressive. It did feel like closer to 2% GDP growth, but we are going to see some seasonal improvement because the first quarter is one of the seasonally slow ones. We'll see that in North America, and we'll see it in Brazil. In Brazil, that'll give us a more favorable domestic export mix. So far, in April, U.S. box demand is, I'd say, modestly outpacing last year on an average-day basis. And we expect that trend to continue throughout the quarter. Additionally, though, Industrial Packaging earnings are going to be impacted by both the full quarter of Temple-Inland as well as increased synergy capture, which will start to fall through to the bottom line in a much bigger way as we come out of the second quarter. Moving to pricing, as Carol just shared, we expect further price realizations throughout the quarter associated with our announced increases for papers in North America and Brazil and Russia, containerboard exports from our North American operations, as well as global market pulp and fluff pulp exported out of North America. That said, the second quarter is our heaviest maintenance outage quarter of the year. It's about 40% of our global annual spend in the second quarter. That's an incremental $105 million or about $0.16 a share versus the first quarter. And think of that as equally split between our Papers and Packaging business, but it's also all around the world. We're right in the middle of our annual outage in India right now. As far as input costs go, we expect to see higher costs in North America. Probably close to $25 million if you just look at the exit rate coming out of March and April across OCC, chemicals and freight. That's $25 million in total. Most of, but not all of that, will be offset by lower natural gas prices. So input costs were a tailwind in the first quarter. It'd be a bit of a headwind in the second quarter. And lastly, we had an FX gain in Ilim of $30 million in the first quarter, and we're assuming that's not going to be repeated unless the Russian ruble continues to get quite strong. So just turning to, I think, more importantly, the full year outlook, and I'll kind of use that as a ramp to talk about how we see 2013. Because we got some -- a lot of things going on inside the company that aren't really macro demand-related. We see a positive trend in the underlying business results in the second quarter. It's going to be offset, as I said, by big maintenance outages. But those will be behind us, so we won't have those outages in the third and fourth quarter. The global economy is uneven. We've got a recession going on in Western Europe. The growth is slowed in China and India but still remains robust. And we've got great paper demand year-over-year in India, but the economy has cooled off a bit. And North America's -- it's a recovering, but far from a fully recovered, economic environment. We have a lot of confidence in our full year earnings and free cash flow outlook. Temple is going to have a growing impact on the year, as we go through the year. And we're really setting the stage, I think, for a big step up in 2013. Again, driven off a lot of projects, which we're spending money on now, which will be completed during the course of this year's start up and have an impact on next year's results. And as I said, those are the Franklin fluff project; the big energy project in Brazil, which will make us totally self-sufficient; Mogi Guaçu; the Ilim expansions; the Sun paper machine; the xpedx strategy; and finally, the Temple ramp-up on merger benefits and full integration.  You'll hear more about all of that on Investor Day. I think it's March 24. And additionally, our business leaders in Investor Day will have -- May 24, excuse me, not March 24. Additionally, we're going to have Paul Herbert, the CEO of Ilim, attending Investor Day in May. So we'll talk more about Ilim as well. So I'll stop right there, and we'll open it up for your questions.
John V. Faraci: I don't think we have -- it always turns out, Steve, that you -- we got there probably in a slightly different way than we thought we would. I think we left a little money on the table in terms of our mill operations. We had a great running quarter in Printing Papers in North America. We ran really well in Russia. We left a little money on the table in Industrial Packaging and some of the IP legacy mills, the Temple mills. So with the global balance we have, we're always going to have pluses and minuses relative to expectations. But I -- we're pleased with how the quarter came out and, again, looking at free cash flow, I think that's the -- kind of the important number for us.
John V. Faraci: They're pretty much flat. We're running with -- more like a couple of million dollars a month at Franklin.
John V. Faraci: No, I'll let Mark comment on what he sees in corrugated, but we've -- the GDP numbers are a little over 2%. That kind of feels like last year. It's slowed a bit from the fourth quarter, with box demand was up 0.5% last year. And we're kind of going along that path sideways.
John V. Faraci: Well, if we're neutral in the first quarter on 2 months of financials with $10 million of merger benefits, I think you can do the math yourself. We'll talk more about that at Investor Day at the end of May, but we're pretty pleased with where we are.
John V. Faraci: To add to that, we've got a much more expansive footprint now in Mexico. And we got into Mexico with Weyerhaeuser. We've now added to that with Temple. We like that. And our ag business, particularly in California, is substantially bigger now. It's a seasonal business, but this year is going to be a good season out in California on the fruit side.
John V. Faraci: China is going to be a net importer of fiber for as far as we can see. And with 8% growth in the economy, there's still incremental demand. I mean, it's basically all about supply and demand. But China is importing fiber now and, I'd say, probably 80% to 90% of their incremental demand is going to be on imported fiber. That either going to be logs, chips, pulp or wastepaper. So we really like our position. We're the lowest-cost softwood delivered to northern China on the planet, and that's not going to change. And so over the long term, with a low-cost facility making high-quality pulp, we like our position right next to the biggest market in the world.
John V. Faraci: We think of it as the opposite. When housing comes back, you get 2 things: you get the residual chips, which take pressure off roundwood that comes in the long-distance; and you get what we call the pulpwood spin-off. 80% of harvest an acre is saw timber, 20% of it is pulpwood. That pulpwood is not getting harvested now because housing is still pretty depressed. So what's going to happen when the housing market comes back is we'll end up tightening our drain area. And so we won't go as far for fiber, which will be good. And fiber costs always go up in the fourth quarter because it's seasonal. We can't get into the hardwood lands, we're taking wood out of inventory. So we're doubling handling it. That's just a normal seasonal trend. I'd say, structurally, we're positioned probably for flat to lower fiber costs on the virgin fiber side going forward, which we think is an advantage for our virgin-based businesses, particularly in containerboard.
John V. Faraci: We restated '11. So as part of doing all this, we restated the '11 numbers to put them all on the current quarter.
John V. Faraci: Our business in Europe -- our Paper business has really tilted to the east, most of our paper productions in Poland and Russia. We've got one mill in Western Europe and France. So we really don't see the impact of the slowdown in Western Europe as much as in -- as much in our Paper businesses as we see in our corrugated box business, which is France, Italy, Spain and then Turkey and Morocco.
John V. Faraci: George, we think investors don't fully appreciate the inherent value of the Ilim investment and its impact on International Paper, and we understand why. We haven't -- it's equity accounted. It's not a consolidated joint venture given the structure that we have, which is a 50-50 structure. We're kind of at the back end now with a $1 billion of capital spending that's not on Ilim's balance sheet. IP didn't fund it. We think this is a great story. We've invested $650 million, taken out close to $250 million in dividends over the last 5 years. We're coming up on the 5-year anniversary of the Ilim joint venture and poised to add another paper machine and significantly expand our market pulp production. So if we think about International Paper right now, for the next 5 to 10 years, we think Russia's going to be an important part of our future. It's an emerging market so it's different than the rest of the world. But we know how to operate there. We operate the way we need to. And I think giving investors more clarity on that from the people running it is -- will be a good thing.
John V. Faraci: We're happy with the joint venture structure. And with the joint venture structure we have, with 50-50 ownership of that joint venture, it will not be consolidated, and no reason to believe that will change. As you know, our partners have a put agreement that they chose not to exercise. And we're glad we have partners. We're well aligned strategically. The business is commercially successful, and we're running it well. We're adding value, and I think IP is adding value and our partners are adding value to the JV.
John V. Faraci: Well, first of all, I'll let Tom Kadien comment on India because it's a -- I think that's where some of that stuff was coming from.
John V. Faraci: I think that people try and create expectations for evaluation for themselves. But back to the overall cash allocation strategy, Mark, it continues to be one of balance. We'll talk a lot more about that on Investor Day. We've took on some additional debt with Temple. We've financed that in a way that we're going to -- we can pay it back quite quickly; most of it is term debt. And obviously, with the sale of the 3 industrial packaging mills that we need to sell, which are part of the consent decree to get the approval to close, plus the sale of building [ph] products, plus the strong free cash flow we're generating in the company, we've got enough cash to do what we want to do on the balance sheet side and to consider other things, which will be a balanced use of cash with -- acquisitions, we're not on an acquisition hunt. We're on a -- make International Paper as it is the best company it can be and generate some value for shareowners. And some of that will come by returning cash to shareowners.
John V. Faraci: First thing I'd say, we're still International Paper. We're not International Packaging. And the company isn't going to change. With respect to pricing, I don't think it's probably a good place for us to be commenting on this call or -- I mean, this is kind of a forum on how prices are determined in the marketplace. It's really -- at the end of the day, it's all around supply and demand. And overtime, the shape and the cost structure does have an impact on pricing. And I think when -- we think we're advantaged on that because we see OCC prices buy us up over time. 65% of our capacity in North America is virgin-based, and we're going to benefit from that. So in a world market that's OCC short, and with China being so fiber short, pulp for paper and softwood for packaging, we like where we're at. So the -- it may not be that our month-to-month pricing is triggered off cost, but, over time, it certainly is. And the cost curve is changing and we're -- I think we're advantaged by that.
John V. Faraci: Margins have come down, but really, what we're doing is we're -- we've built a business there that is really, I think, well positioned to be the leader in the Latin American paper market, as the Latin American paper market, which is growing at 4% to 5% a year, continues to grow. The Brazil that we bought with Champion was basically a Brazilian business. And what we're doing is we're using Brazil as a platform to serve Latin America because it's a low-cost place to serve Latin America. And our EBITDA in dollars is growing quite a bit. Our margins have come down, but, as Tim said, selling more in the region is going to improve our margins. And this boiler project we've got going, just that by itself is, I think, a $40 million impact on our bottom line.
John V. Faraci: And when you look at those EBITDA margins, I think you're looking at the appendix on Page 35, those are fully loaded with all the business and corporate overhead as well. So don't think about it as negative cash. It just -- we try to allocate much of our corporate cost or overhead cost to the businesses as we can. Still on a number we like.
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, I think we had spoke to -- the corporate expense is higher due to pension expense. And so it's on Page 26, if you look at the -- in the appendix, it shows the corporate expense.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. It should even out through time. So there could be a little timing there on things, but the $220 million is the good estimate to use for the year.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Anthony. On Page 30, and you probably already caught up with it, we were very pleased, and this is with Temple-Inland in. We were up with the market 6/10 of a percent and, importantly, our box pricing from the fourth quarter to the first quarter was flat. So we feel good about that part of it.
Carol L. Roberts: Chip, this is Carol. Actually, we closed the quarter lag this quarter. So going forward and from starting with this quarter, we're reporting Ilim current. So the results that we reported for Ilim were actually what we achieved in the first quarter. Relative to the currency, it happened in the quarter. And it's -- the end of the quarter, how you get to it, how it's happening through the quarter. And you just don't know how currency is going to come out, but the ruble strengthened and then stabilized. So it happened in the quarter. It's -- right now, the ruble is kind of flat, so kind of hard to predict what it's going to be at the end of the next quarter.
Carol L. Roberts: No, Chip. What we do is you actually go back and you -- you go back in '11 and you push all the quarters back to the appropriate -- so the results we reported were just for the first quarter of '12.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, John. I would agree with that. I mean, we are seeing nothing really structural in that. I think some of those nondurable categories, quite honestly, are affected by short-term issues like gasoline prices and other things. But we aren't seeing anything structural, and we are pretty much tracking -- our box business is tracking with the market, which is our strategy.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think -- I'm not sure if you're asking about last year's second quarter. I mean, what we have in the chart here is really what we forecast all-in, both IP and legacy and Temple mills for maintenance outages. And I think -- is this the third quarter? Is this the second quarter for...
Mark Stephan Sutton: Good question, Anthony. I mean, there's -- the box business is always moving around, given the size of the market and the diversity of the segments. But we pretty much are tracking with the market. So we win some and we lose some. We had -- 1/2 of our business was in -- was actually exposed to segments that actually grew quite nicely in the first quarter. And the other half was in segments that didn't grow as much. We don't see any specific issues around businesses trading hands just because of the Temple-Inland merger. Obviously customers at both companies shared, and we're working real hard to keep that business where we can. And if we lose any, we're going to replace it. But our strategy is to grow with the market, and our performance in the first quarter is pretty much tracking that.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think there's a couple of segments that come to mind. Temple adds to our capability in sort of the fast-moving consumer goods. And that's big companies, big customers and smaller customers. And we will be a lot stronger in the retail packaging segment as well, with a lot more capabilities than we had before.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. Chip, we are seeing what we thought we would see, which is tremendous opportunity when you put these 2 networks together. And I think in this specific area, you're asking about in-freight. I would say, yes, we are seeing more than we had originally modeled, and we're just putting the finishing touches on kind of estimating where that's going to be. And I'm going to share that, as John said, on May 24. That and a number of other synergy areas on -- during our Investor Day.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure. George, on this sequential, that $76 million that you'd talked about, a big portion of that was really related to the way we revalue inventory and manage that inventory reserve. But from an operational standpoint, we did move a few things from the fourth quarter to the first quarter, just timing of certain jobs. But cutting to the chase on how we ran, the big difference between sequential and last year's first quarter was at 4 of our mills, and as John mentioned, they happen to all be legacy IP mills, we had one-time reliability events that we've solved and they're behind us, ranging from problems with a boiler to some mechanical problems. So nothing chronic. One-time reliability events. But they're expensive. And we've got them behind us.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think we've got -- our objective obviously is to recover from some of that, but we've got a few things that are lingering into the second quarter.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, Mark. This is Mark Sutton. April is, I think John mentioned it earlier, is starting off pretty decent. It's above March, but it's very similar to last April. And I think last April, probably the tougher comp than we've had recently. But we've improved through the quarter. We exited the quarter mimicking the market. But we would say April so far is up over March and very similar to last April.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I'll comment. No, I think -- actually, our margins in North America are holding up pretty well, too. The biggest impact on margins in the quarter -- I can't really speak to Europe, but I'll speak to North America and Brazil, is really around export paper pricing. Export markets started decreasing in the fourth quarter, and then continued that into the first part of the first quarter of this year before starting to rebound. So we look at Brazil, and you've got about 50% of the capacity that's exposed to export markets between Latin America and Europe, primarily. So those margins will recover in the second quarter, and we think they'll be strong in the balance of the year.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't know. I -- no expectations at this point, but I wouldn't want to speculate on what we might do or where we might do it. I think -- we just looked at demand in the first quarter and thought demand looked a little bit better than we had expected coming into it. So here in North America, we feel pretty good with the mix that we've got today.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we'll share more about this when we have Investor Day. But I think mid-30s is still a reasonable target, and that's what we're going to be focused on over the next couple of years. Currency has had an impact. Export exposure, especially out of the region, has had a big impact. And what happens over the next couple of years is -- volume comes back into region at higher margins, and we'll see where the currency goes. Little we can do about that. But I think mid-30s is a reasonable target for that business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. It's a huge impact. So more details when we get to May. But yes, cost structure and geographic mix improvement are big levers in terms of getting to a higher, more sustainable margin in the business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we like what we got with the first machine, and we're currently going through the evaluation process on economics and financials. But the market growth dynamic is very good in the region, as John just said, in the 4% to 5% range. So we haven't made a firm decision. But assuming that it'll look similar to the first machine we've built, it's something that we're very excited about.
Timothy S. Nicholls: No. We do have disparity across the board. And as we grow the fluff mix, we're going to see higher, more consistent types of margin across the business. The big -- one of the big drivers in the quarter was just Franklin's start-up cost, which was roughly $9 million in the quarter that we did not fully anticipate. One of the things I would say is that mills don't age particularly well when they're sitting idle, even though you do things that try to preserve the asset. And so when we got in, we found pumps, motors, valves, things that's just needed attention. And the right thing to do is deal with it now so that we have a really good start-up.
