Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. I'll turn to Slide 11 and give you some additional perspective on our progress we're making on our business strategies.  Our teams across International Paper are advancing our strategies and capturing significant value. In the packaging business, which is on the left-hand side of this slide, our Box Go-to-Market strategy is focused on enhancing our capabilities and strong value propositions to improve margins and mix. We are making choices that create value for our customers while maximizing the profitability of our packaging business. Earlier, Tim called out approximately $110 million of price and mix benefits realized in the first quarter. and we expect additional opportunities as we go through the year. In addition, we continue to make investments across our box network to improve our capabilities to serve customer needs and increase productivity. These projects have attractive financial returns and position our packaging businesses for profitable growth in the future. In our Global Cellulose Fibers business, we also realized benefits from our optimization strategy by aligning our resources with the most attractive customers and segments and exposure to commodity grades. This shows up as margin and mix improvements in the first quarter. Across the enterprise, we also optimized our mill system and realized $34 million of fixed cost savings in the first quarter. These strategic initiatives across our portfolio are focused on accelerating margin improvement and driving profitable growth and will remain a high priority for our teams at IP. Moving to Slide 12 and our CEO transition, I'd like to take a moment to express my personal gratitude for my journey with International Paper. It's been a privilege to be part of the IP family for my entire career. 4 years really goes by fast. When you work with outstanding people at a great company. While I enjoyed all the various roles and opportunities, I'm truly humbled and honored to have served as IP's leader for the past decade. During this time, we have become a more focused company and our financial foundation is strong, as are the principles and core values that guide our actions and decisions about how we operate. Our team knows our mission matters that we improve people's lives by using renewable resources to make people depend on every day. We understand how important it is to help our customers solve problems and achieve their goods. And we're laser-focused on the things that are improving the company and making IP a very well positioned company for the future. I'm incredibly proud of our employees. I have seen them demonstrate time and time again their resilience and agility to overcome challenges. This was particularly evident during the global pandemic when our team showed up for work every day to get the job done, their dedication ensured people around the world had access to a variety of essential goods. To everyone on the IP team in all our operations and offices around the globe for what you do each day and for making a difference, thank you. And to our shareowners, thank you for your continued confidence and investment in International Paper. It has been a remarkable journey for me being part of IP's 126-year legacy. I'm proud of how far our company has come and I'm looking forward to seeing how for International Paper will go. And with that, we're ready to move to Q&A. 
Mark Sutton: So Matthew, I think you're asking, we had outlooked closer to maybe $70 million and we overachieved that. Tom Hamic, I think, can walk you through a lot of moving parts on that. But I think he can walk you through how we basically overachieved our outlook. 
Mark Sutton: So Mark, I think what Jay described on the mill side is true in packaging. It's also true in Cellulose Fibers, modulating our spending over the last, let's say, 4 to 5 quarters as we were running both businesses at less than target output, which would be somewhere in the 94% to 95% output. It's been much lower than that, as you know, based on the demand environment. And so we stretched those dollars over a longer period of time because we didn't need our plants to run at maximum output. So now we're preparing to be running more toward our target output. The only thing I would call out that's maybe a little bit of an abnormality in the mill system is it just so happens timing of some of these projects that are related to power generation. So in some of our integrated mills, we have major preventive maintenance shutdowns of some of the turbine generators that generate our steam and electricity. Those aren't done every year. they're sequenced, but you have to get them done in a certain window. There's a few extra turbine generator major scheduled maintenance roles, jobs in this period of time that we would normally have. So you take that out, then I think the rest of it is preparing to be at a more -- I don't like to call it 1 full but a more targeted run environment. 
Mark Sutton: I think the number we've always thrown out there was an EBITDA margin that led us to a really strong ROIC, several hundred basis points above our cost of capital. At yesterday's revenue line, that used to be in the 20s. But I think for us, that's an aspirational target to get back into that area. But even at today's revenue and 18% margin generates very strong ROIC similar to what a 21% margin used to generate. So I think that's the sort of milepost we're working toward now is getting up into those high teens, 18-ish percent on our way to 20%. And if you kind of take that to an ROIC, you've got a really strong kind of mid-teens ROIC in the packaging business. And then you put some growth on top of that, and I think the value creation can be pretty powerful. 
Mark Sutton: I think the answer to that question is going to depend a lot on what Tom Hamic talked about, and that is this steady improvement in demand and the consumer and when this turn occurs, obviously, those margins would be indicative of a healthy economy, which leads to a healthy box market. So we would think several quarters before we're sitting at that point. But we should see a step change in improvement in the margins as we go through quarter by quarter by quarter. I'd like to say a point in time in '25, but it's really going to depend on the demand environment but it's not that far in the future. 
Mark Sutton: Yes. That's a good question, Mike. At that conference, what I was discussing during COVID on some of our large contractual type customers that are in certain types of end-use segments, their growth rate was so astounding, and we had an obligation, if you will, to support their demand either as a percentage of their buy or some other metrics inside our contracts. And they grew at an outsized rate the other segments and some of the smaller customers. And as it absorbed basically all of our capacity, we had to leave certain customers in certain segments where we didn't have those contractual obligations because we just had no more room in our converting system. So that's what I was trying to describe, these are not impacting customers. They're all great customers. It's not ever the customer's fault. They grew very fast and we met their demand. But it cost us in margin because some of the customers that we didn't have row for were actually more profitable. They were regional and local type customers. So the mix ended up shifting more toward very large, what we would call, national accounts as a percentage of our total business. And what we're doing now is in those large national accounts, improving the economics now that the contracts are open post COVID. Some of them were 2 years, some of them were 3-year contracts. And where we can, we're improving the economics, and that's what Tom has been describing. That was a portion of the -- a large portion of the $110 million in the first quarter. Where we're not able to work with our customer to improve the economics and they may have a better alternative we will lose that amount of volume, free up that capacity retarget the original segments and customers that we disappointed a few years ago. And the good news is we've been suppliers to most of these people for very long periods of time. And while it was painful, we're getting opportunities to go back into these customers that we serve for so many years. So a real external shock created demand profiles that were very abnormal. We did our best to meet all our obligations, ended up in spot especially with post-COVID inflation and demand declines and contractual limits of spot economically we didn't like. And so we're doing is getting back to the most profitable mix that we can have. If you think about converting, Mike, it's basically hours of time you have on your converting machinery to add value to containerboard in the form of making a package. So maximizing profitability per hour or converting time you have to offer to the market is always the challenge and the equation, the value creation algorithm that the Box business uses. And that just got skewed for us, not necessarily because we wanted it to, but because we did what we thought was the right thing to do for our customers during that period of time based on the commercial contracts we signed pre-COVID. 
Mark Sutton: Gabe, let me start just at a high level. So the $250 million you talked about, you could probably put a 40% inflation number across that spend. Typically, maintenance is half materials and half labor. Some labor is in annual outages and it's labor that we don't provide in specialty works. So we hired that labor during those 2-week outages. And so that $250 million automatically jumps up in the neighborhood of 40% more. Now the numbers you've quoted at $380 million, $400 million, that's more like 50% more. Some of that is additional targeted spending and a lot of that's in the box business. It shows up as maintenance spending, not capital expense because box plant projects tend to be small enough in many cases, where we don't need a new machine, we just upgrade an existing machine, that flows through the P&L as an expense. A lot of the mill projects are so expensive and large and OEM equipment is of a scale that it ends up flowing through our CapEx in that $1 billion of CapEx. So the way we think about it, and I'll ask Jay and Tom maybe to give you some particulars, we look at the cash investment in our business, whether it's a maintenance expense or whether it flows capital as the investment in protecting today's cash flows via reliability and generating tomorrow's cash flows in the box business via new capacity and capability and in the middle business by lowering our cost changing grade structures and those types of things. But the 40% is inflation in that neighborhood is the part that I think a lot of people miss. And while inflation isn't going up as much, there's no deflation in any of that stuff. There's some deflation of energy inputs and all that. There's no deflation in what drives maintenance cost. It's just going up less fast than it was. So Jay and Tom, do you want to add a little bit of color. 
Mark Sutton: Gabe, this is Mark. I think you broke up on the first part of your question, but I think we got the gist of it. On the $110 million, yes, it's a fair assessment to say you can annualize that number. And that is definitely inside of the build better IP. But I didn't hear the very first -- we didn't hear the very first part of your question when you were referencing the bridge, one of the bridges. 
Mark Sutton: Yes, that's the part we didn't hear Yes, that's correct. And that's the right way to think about it. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you, Greg. And I'd like to wrap up today's call by sharing my conviction that International Paper is well positioned for the future. Andy Silvernail steps in the CEO role next week on May 1. I'm very confident his leadership experience and proven track record, combined with the industry expertise of our senior leadership team will amplify the company's success going forward. When I provided updates along the way about the CEO succession process, I said the Board was looking for the right leader for the company's next chapter, and I am confident that Andy is that leader. Andy and his team will look forward to sharing updates with you starting on next quarter's call. Thank you for your time today and for your continued interest in International Paper. 
William Hamic: Sure. Thanks, Mark, and Matthew. I would say we exceeded the price component for 2 reasons. First of all, at the local level, we had better-than-expected improvement as we were starting Q4. So these are customers that are really the decisions are made in the field. Most of our forecast thinking about the improvement was focused on very large customers that are across the country. We exceeded the expectations there, but the big move was our investment in teams in the field, training, execution, driving benefit for our customers and frankly, getting a fair price that maybe we didn't in the past. I can say that the volume gap to market was almost exactly where we expected it. So these trade-offs are playing out the way we expected, but the margin improvement is more significant. 
William Hamic: Sure, Matthew. This is Tom again. I would say that second quarter is going to be close to plus 2% for the industry. So that's an improvement from 4% to 1% to 2%. We expect that improvement to continue. But I would say 2% is probably in line with a fairly tough economic second half. And obviously, when you're forecasting the toughest things to predict or when you have a turn. And we are going to have a turn. Our customers do not have enough inventory. And at some point, they're going to have to reinvest in that base as the economy improves. And so our forecast, if you go down to 2%, that suggests no improvement at all and probably a fairly tough retail sales environment. I think it'd be closer to 3%, and I would not take 4% off the table. So a moderate adjustment to be conservative is what I would say. 
William Hamic: Mark, this is Tom Hamic. I think, Jay and Mark laid it out very well. I would say the one difference with the box business because we are increasing maintenance spending is that it's very targeted to places where either we've struggled with reliability or we have an opportunity to grow. So if you look across the country, it's not that we're spreading the maintenance dollars. We're really reacting to the marketplace and the strength of demand. And then we're targeting maintenance spending to improve reliability for those customers. While at the same time, we're improving our margins. So this real focus on reliability and delivering on time, it's going to pay off. 
William Hamic: Mark, this is Tom Hamic again. I think there is a large part of it that is adjusting. But I think the key is what I talked about earlier is we've got to respond to the market, and we can't wait for the market then respond. And so there's a bit of this that is getting ready, as Jay talked about, for what we see as an expansion in box demand going forward. And one of the really positive things about maintenance expense in the box plants is what we've seen is a very short payback. So we're seeing the results. We're tracking the results and I feel very good. It really is our fastest way to react to customer needs. And so I feel very confident what we're spending is going to pay off. 
William Hamic: Sure. And I think Mark, Gabe, summed it up well. I would say the increase if you're -- there is an increase in the box spending that is focused on reliability. If there's any change in our focus, I would say that in the past, we were comfortable running over time. So say, 2 Saturdays a month in a box plant. But that doesn't -- that might you get the orders made, but it doesn't satisfy the reliability. So we've become very focused on on-time delivery and quality. And there is significant amount of maintenance spending that we're targeting towards that shift. And frankly, it supports our margin structure going forward. 
William Hamic: Yes, this is Tom Hamic. I think we can comfortably separate the 2. So the improvement you saw in Q1, as Mark said, it's sustainable. The $40, I expect to be like it always is. I mean if you think back to previous price increases, you should feel confident that it's going to flow through the same way. But I would see those a bit separate. In terms of continuing the margin expansion there's a lot that gives me confidence. Piece 1 is we're investing significantly in our commercial capability. And that's a shift. We've always focused on commercial, but not as much as we are going forward. And I think the other piece is where we really understand segments, and we are very close to those segments and the value proposition, we are very successful in terms of market growth and in terms of margin structure. And so our job is to take that capability, and this is what we're doing and build a better -- I mean, Go-to Market is expanding that to other segments. So there's know-how in the company. This is really the change for us of driving that across the entire business. 
William Hamic: Sure. That's a great question. I'll take a couple of pieces of it. I think in terms of the investments, if you look at the first quarter, we still have a bit of a weight of new employees, and that's why we're very on retention. But new employees are not as productive as experienced employees. However, when we look at the productivity across our machines, even though we have a few extra people in place, it's not significant to the financials but a few extra people, we are seeing productivity improvement for the first time in a long time. And so I feel like those investments are at a very good payback rate. And we're -- it's not insignificant, these are 2%, 3% improvements in throughput. And I think the most positive shift we've made in terms of our capital process and our maintenance expenses, we have spent a lot of time, put a lot of people in place to make sure that the local decisions are primary. What's happening in that market? Why? Tie that back to the national piece and make sure that we're reacting to the market because I'm talking, not all 120 plants are in the same position. You've got to be very targeted and where you spend the money, which is what we're doing. And then to your last question, I would expect that as a percentage of our business, the local business will grow over the next couple of years. It's improving faster right now than the national business, and we know that when you have the capability to match the local demand, it is much more profitable than the national. And so I don't see some huge swing where we're abandoning national accounts but I do see a rebalancing similar to what Mark talked about in the segment discussion. 
