John V. Faraci: Thanks, Glenn, and good morning, everybody. As you all know, this morning, we announced our third quarter results. I characterize them as strong results despite a challenging macroeconomic backdrop. We increased our EBITDA sequentially by $100 million to over $975 million, while continuing to generate excellent cash flow from operations. And I'd note, this is after the divestment of 3 containerboard mills, which took about $45 million of EBITDA out of the quarter. In line with our commitments around capital allocation, we've reduced our balance sheet debt by $800 million in the quarter, partially funded by the proceeds from the building product from the 3 mills sales, containerboard mills. As well as increased our dividend by 14% to $1.20 a share, reiterating our confidence in our outlook for free cash flow into 2013. And as Tim will speak about after we wrap up earnings, we strengthened our global portfolio by announcing yesterday our strategic entry into the corrugated packaging market in Brazil. Within our North America Industrial Packaging business, during the quarter, we successfully implemented a $50 a ton containerboard price increase and importantly achieved our original merger benefit target of $300 million, 15 months ahead of schedule. So the headline there is more and faster. While maintenance outages were lower in the third quarter across, really, all of our businesses, seasonally softer demand in our corrugated box business because of our heavy concentration of ag business in the second quarter, coupled with overall slow growth in North America and in a lot of the markets we compete in around world, our packaging businesses were a little slower and we took a lot more downtime in Industrial Packaging that you'll see during the quarter. On the strategic front, Franklin continued its successful production ramp-up and qualification of fluff pulp, and the Sun joint venture started up the fourth coated paperboard machine in September. Let me just move to the next slide, which is the financial snapshot. Revenues were in line with the last quarter and up more than 6% versus the third quarter of last year. That's principally due to the Temple-Inland acquisition. EBITDA margin compression was primarily due to lower pulp prices. Pulp prices hit their bottom during the third quarter. And lower export price realizations really in all the places where we make paper and export, which is principally North America and Brazil, and they were offset partially by the Temple merger benefits. As I said earlier, really the story in the quarter is continued strong cash flow from operations, nearly $900 million. Let me turn it over to Carol now to kind of go through the details.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. So let me just summarize our fourth quarter outlook, precisely is really a more of the same type of demand environment, but it's going to be impacted by the normal expected seasonal slowdown in North America that we see every year after Thanksgiving, and then it's either more of a slowdown if the weather is bad or the usual slowdown if it's not. So with that, let me talk to sort of high-level about how we're seeing 2013. And at this point in time, we still expect and are going to be planning our next year for a more of the same global economy. I am quite positive and quite confident that our earnings runway will materialize in 2013, is quite positive. It's going to by led by the trajectory of the North American Industrial Packaging business with year-over-year earnings improvement due to pricing increase, Carol talked about, as well as continued synergy realizations. And we've also got other strategic and cost savings projects and initiatives in Brazil, Russia, China and North America that we've talked to you about. They're all going to turn from cost this year into contribution next year. We do expect higher fiber and energy costs in that new year, probably $100 million to $200 million, as well as a noncash pension expense, which is going to be sizable of $250 million to $300 million as a result of lower discount rates, start of return on assets and amortization of gains and losses. So net-net, as we look at 2013 and again, I'd say with the continuation of slow growth around the world, we think IP is very well positioned for significant improvement in EBITDA, free cash flow and return on capital as we get into 2013. Before I turn it over to Tim to talk about the announcement he made yesterday, he got us in the corrugated packaging business in Brazil, let me just take an opportunity to underline our commitment to the balanced use of cash that we think drives our shareowner value creation and talk about what we've done over the last year. So over the last 9 months, International Paper has used its free cash flow in line with what we shared to investors on Investor Day in May, and we'll continue to do so. We've returned more cash to shareholders in the form of a 14% increase in the dividend, which we plan to review annually. And we'll continue to adjust in line with our principles of sharing 30% to 40% of mid-cycle free cash flow in the form of dividends. We're going to deliver on our dividend growth commitment as free cash flow permits. We've aggressively reduced our debt on our balance sheet by $1.5 billion, as we've said we would, and we'll continue to do more of that through 2013. Keep in mind, however, though, with Temple, we've got more debt capacity because we've got more EBITDA. And finally, we've reinvested in our businesses very selectively in domestic and growing regions -- in domestic markets and growing regions in our core businesses, and those will continue to be a significant portion of our earnings profile going forward. So with that, let me turn it over to Tim to talk briefly about corrugated packaging acquisition that we announced yesterday.
John V. Faraci: So I'd just add, this is not -- I don't think this is a consolidation strategy for the industry in Brazil. Think of it as we bought, the #2 or #3 player depending how you want to measure it. And we think there's good growth opportunities with this business as the Brazilian market grows.
John V. Faraci: The volume that we had to purchase from the containerboard mills, it wasn't available for us to ship from our own mills.
John V. Faraci: Gail, we lost some business. Or Temple was in the process of losing some business in the fourth quarter last year. So as Mark said, we feel pretty good about how we've operated with customers since we closed. But there's -- but by the time we got Temple, they're in process of losing some business in the third and fourth quarters of last year.
John V. Faraci: Yes, that depends on how -- whether we sell the business in pieces, which is one option or sell it all in one shot, which is another option. We have -- the good news is we have bidders for both. So it could go faster if it's one sale. It could go a little slower if it's 3 sales. Either way, we expect to have it closed in the first quarter. And I think we're looking at the bidding process. We've got a healthy, very healthy process going on, so we like the hand we've got.
John V. Faraci: And I think in our discussions with -- he was a major shareowner, and this discussions have been going on for quite some time. We come to believe that we can be -- he'd make a good partner. So we're not -- his preference was to keep the stake, and we were okay with that.
John V. Faraci: Yes, this is not an M&A agenda. This Orsa has been on the radar screen for quite some time in terms of discussions. So we like the hand we have. We've got a lot going on, as you said, around the world. And as I said, we're poised to deliver significant improvement in EBITDA, free cash flow and ROI next year with everything we've got. So the balance allocation of cash is going to continue, and I don't think there's a big M&A pipeline ahead.
John V. Faraci: Carol, why don't you talk about how we financed Temple, and then I'll come back and kind of share some thoughts on capital allocation going forward.
John V. Faraci: So we remain committed to an EBITDA-to-debt target of 3 or less and we're making progress moving in that direction. We're going to be able to carry more balance sheet debt because of the increase EBITDA. And if you think about -- go back to Investor Day, we think our mid-cycle EBITDA target is just north of $5 billion. The -- we're not there yet, but we're moving in that direction. So I think we've -- it's playing out the way we financed it, and we like where we're at.
John V. Faraci: At some point in our lifetime, interest rates will turn up. That 200 basis point increase in interest rates wipes out that pension gap. So we've been incorrectly thinking that interest rate at some point will move up. Last year, this year, next year, the answer is probably they're not going to, but we don't want an overfunded plan. So we'll put cash when it's needed. That's all part of our cash allocation plan. And our free cash flow is strong enough that we can be increasing the dividend while we're paying down debt, funding the pension plan while we're paying down debt and spending the appropriate amount of CapEx to keep the business competitive.
John V. Faraci: But think of it this way, the second quarter run rate was about $240 million, another $15 million in the quarter means -- at the third quarter run rate is about $300 million. So that the kind of annualized impact of what happened in the quarter is $60 million. We're not done.
John V. Faraci: Well, it's not reported as part of our business because it's a business held for sale. And its EBITDA numbers are quite -- are pretty good, and their quarter-over-quarter, they keep on improving.
John V. Faraci: As I said, Mark, earlier, we're -- we told investors that we think 30% to 40% of free cash flow with the cycle is the appropriate dividend. We're going to be reviewing the dividend with the board on an annual basis. And absolutely, I think as we make progress and I think I've said it, we're quite confident in the earnings runway for next year, even in a kind of a confusing and sideways global environment that we can improve our EBITDA, our free cash flow and our return on capital. As that happens, we'll be looking to dividend in due course next year.
John V. Faraci: And Mark, I'd also suggest to take up 2 things. First of all, it's now a 13 million ton system, so what's a big downtime number is a smaller piece of the total capacity. And we've also got 900,000 tons that we're contractually obligated to buy back. Actually that ramps down over time.
John V. Faraci: All we can tell you is what we did. But I think -- importantly, look at our margins. Despite that downtime, our margins were better or slightly better than the competition.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Okay. Thanks, John. I'm excited that I can talk to everyone about the strategic entry into corrugated packaging in Brazil that we announced yesterday. Yesterday, IP and Grupo Orsa formally agreed to form a corrugated packaging business, expanding IP's leading global platform to Brazil. IP will hold a 75% stake in the newly formed company, which will hold Grupo Orsa's current containerboard and box assets, and that share is valued at approximately $470 million. But before I discuss the Brazilian corrugated market and specifics around the deal in more detail, let me also update everyone on a change to our paper business, which is good news. We have an option, as you know, to build a second uncoated freesheet machine at the Tres Lagoas mill site. And that supply agreement that we have with Fibria and the option to build that second machine was set to expire in January of 2013. We've now agreed with Fibria to extend the timing on that. So the new agreement gives IP the option to start the second machine between 2016 and 2018, which we think better matches the incremental capacity that we're going to need to supply our customers' demand. And if you remember, to Investor Day, we were talking about meeting that capacity in the '15, '16 time frame. So this enables us to better time capital investment. Now let me turn to the packaging investment and talk about why we think this makes sense for International Paper. First of all, it's a market that we know well and it allows us to expand a core IP business into a growing market where we already have a meaningful presence with our paper business. It gives us the opportunity to earn good margins and an attractive return with industry margins in the corrugated packaging business between 20% and 30% in Brazil. So said another way, we can generate greater than cost of capital returns and increase shareowner value in a business and in a region that we know well. If you move to Slide 29, the case for growth is made easy. Per capita consumption in Brazil in both our core platforms have significant potential for growth, as this emerging margin market continues to expand its middle class. Note that Brazil today is below China on per capita consumption in both businesses or both products. Consumption in the packaging side will increase as nondurable production increases. And in both businesses, as the middle class continues to expand, which over the next 3 years is expected to grow by 15 million people -- growth should also be enhanced by 2 events, significant events, the 2014 World Cup and the 2016 Olympics. If you move to the next line, looking at the growth rates over the medium-term, RISI is currently forecasting approximately 3.5% compounded growth rates for both grades, which will create 1 million tons and 300,000 tons for new containerboard and uncoated freesheet through 2017. Now let me turn to Grupo Orsa, just talk about the company itself. We look at the company and say that the company has good people, good assets and a good customer base. It's currently earning 20% EBITDA margins and the customer base is made up of a lot of household name consumer products companies. Customers representing roughly 20% of the volume have been served by Orsa for 15-plus years, so really good relationships on the commercial side. The box plants are located in what is the largest consumer and industrial center in Latin America. So proximity to the market, also good. And the opportunity here is to grow organically, in line with market growth and optimized manufacturing operations, which when we benchmark against our IP facilities around the world, we think there's a significant opportunity. All of that, we believe, will allow us to take a business from 20% margins to a range of between 25% and 30% margins. If I turn to the deal specifics, purchase price is roughly $470 million at today's exchange rates and it's going to be financed by cash on hand in Brazil and also some financing which may be local financing that we'll be able to repay quickly. That represents an 8x EBITDA multiple and an 18% IRR for the investment, which well exceeds our local risk adjusted cost of capital. And the returns are going to be driven by 3% market box growth and 2% cash cost savings, which is only about half of what we achieved in our Brazilian operations and about 2/3 of what we're able to achieve across International Paper. So summing it up, the opportunity is to create shareowner value by earning attractive returns and increasing cash flow. And the real nature of this investment is all about buying a good business and making it better, and we'll do that by growing organically and optimizing manufacturing operations. So with that, Glenn, I'll turn it back over to you.
Timothy S. Nicholls: On the capital side, Phil, what I really like about this deal is it's really minimal capital. There's a lot of process improvements we think we can make. And there is some capital that will be required, but I'd say it's in line with just running the business day to day. So it will revolve around de-bottlenecking, usage improvements on chemicals and energy and fiber. So in my view, it's minimal capital. In terms of the market itself, it is fragmented, but it's probably, in terms of the operating model, a market that is closest to the U.S. in terms of how it looks. It's integrated producers producing containerboard and corrugated boxes. You really need board supply to be a player in the corrugated box market. And I think the opportunity here is to make this investment and improve what it is. And if there are other opportunities, they'll have to be financially viable and earn the right to be part of the business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. The vertical integration is around 80% plus or minus. I characterize the machines as being good assets. They run fairly well, but just as, for instance, they have more than 2x the amount of unplanned downtime across their system [ph] we would typically expect. So we see a huge reliability opportunity just in terms of how you run the -- how you maintain the machines, how you run the machines. And then there's also some opportunities around cost improvements from, as I mentioned, energy and chemical usage. So I think we like not only the mill assets but the box plant asset. It's actually a very -- in terms of housekeeping, it would rival what we look like in our Brazilian mills, which is probably company standard. So we think we've got a good fleet to work with.
Timothy S. Nicholls: No, they're primarily sold domestically. And yes, it could drop a little bit, but I don't think it will be something that will be material for a long period of time.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I'll just -- I'll start it on printing papers, and then hand it off to Mark. I mean, October looks pretty good so far in terms of order intake, backlogs and shipments. So if you look across all of the segments that we supply, we feel pretty good about October, and we'll see how the beginning of November shapes up.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, I'd characterize pricing as stable, Gail. I mean, yes, there's pockets here and there, and everybody knows we're heading to a seasonally slower period of the year. But right now, if I had to characterize the business as a whole, I'd say it's stable.
Timothy S. Nicholls: There's language in the shareholders agreement, but it's really kind of a standstill for the first 3 years. And then there's an opportunity past the third anniversary to either -- to own more either through a put or a call.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's a typical type of converting business. So there's always latent capacity in converting facilities. But I think that if you look at industry margins, when you look at it over a period of time, industry has been between the low-20s and the high-20s in terms of margins. So there's roughly 500,000 tons of containerboard that gets exported out of Brazil to other parts of the world. And there is less than 1% of containerboard that gets imported in. So I think it's a pretty stable market.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, I do see it as self-funding, more than self-funding. And why 75-25? Well, you got a person who started the business and he doesn't want to leave it entirely. So we'll be -- we'll have a management team in place that runs the business on a day-to-day basis, but he's a local business man. He's built the business up from the ground and wants to continue to be a part of the business.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I mean, he really -- he knows the local market. He knows the customers. They have a very good commercial organization. I think he'd take the power of their commercial organization and our manufacturing and process know-how, and it will be a pretty powerful combination.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. A couple of things. One, it's not uniform across all uncoated freesheet segments of the market. You're absolutely right. Printing Papers is and has been a little bit weaker than some of the other segments. But we look at our footprint here in North America and the customers that we're supplying. And then the second major point is we're able, given our footprint globally, to look out to other regions and take advantage of our presence in Latin America, our presence in Europe. And so where there has been soft places in the U.S. market, we've been -- we've had an export opportunity, not at the same margin structure but on export opportunity to either backfill Brazil and Europe or supplement Brazil's capabilities in Latin America.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Maybe strange a little bit, but I don't think so. You got to look at weighting of position in terms of where people are -- what part of the market different companies are supplying. I can only speak to ours. We don't have a huge roll offset exposure to the market. So we're big on cut size and we're big on converting papers. And then we have a big specialty business that's embedded within printing and communications papers. So I think it depends on business mix across companies.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well I think you're always -- you look at the market, you want to make sure you're competitive. But we look at the fact that we consider ourselves a long-term strategic supplier with good quality and a great service platform, and that's how we're going to compete. We're not going to look at every competitor as an equal.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. There might be, but that's not the primary focus. I mean, we've got good assets in this business and it's just a matter of optimizing what we have at the moment.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't know anymore than what's been publicly stated by the other players down there. So it's -- what I read is that people are bringing on new capacity and shutting down old capacity.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Good morning, Phil. This is Mark. I think what we -- the way we think about the current, let's say, last 2 or 3 quarters in downtime is really trying to optimize the system that we have post-Temple integration. And we're making some choices on channels, segments and customers. And in the process of doing that, we make the board we need for that particular customer demand. But we do have a pretty good system for taking any downtime, whether it's market-related downtime or how we plan our maintenance to really drive to the lowest marginal cost production that we can have in any given period of time. So I think we're managing it very well. It's a big system. Over 13 million tons. And the level of downtime that's market-related plus planned maintenance is still resulting in a pretty decent operating rate. We do believe the market is going to improve beyond what it's doing in 2012. And I think that will, obviously, follow as the U.S. economy hopefully picks up.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Right. So that's the other sort of added dynamic for a period of time as we go forward is as we executed the divestiture of the 3 mills that we were required to sell, we do purchase a good portion of that board back into our system, especially the 2 mills on the West Coast. They're in proximity to our box business there. So that's another added dynamic of 900,000 tons or so that we effectively had in our system in a diminishing rate over time. So really just trying to manage the whole supply chain. And if you look at -- just look at the past few quarters, I think we've got the ability to manage and flex our capacity with all of those variables playing into it.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes. On the corrugated packaging side, I would echo what Tim said. I mean, October is picking up sequentially over September. A couple of spots we see improvement on -- in our online retailing customers or Internet sales look better. We did see some pickup in our durables and building material-related segments, and that seems to have been kept at a sustained higher level. There are some offsets in some of the food segments we're in. Everybody knows what's going on in the meat and poultry industry relative to corn prices and their ability to bring their products to market. But I would say, October this year has got a couple more days than last year's October and I think we like what we see so far as the quarter starts.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Okay, Gail, good questions. On the inventory side, we do our best with our supply-chain systems to predict what we need to make in the quarter or coming months. I would say in the third quarter, we probably got a little tighter than we wanted to from a service platform standpoint, so we'll try to fix some of that as we go forward. But our inventories, we believe, are in good shape at an absolute level. The challenge, of course, is always having the right stuff in the right places. I think we can continue to improve that. But we do like the ability to run the business with a good, tight supply chain. But we need to make sure our service levels are where they need to be. On business retention, we've done a number of things this year. And I'd say largely, we're satisfied. We've been able to earn some business that both companies had before and retained some of that. In some cases, customers have diversified a little bit, but we've been able to replace some of that business. We have been in the process of closing about 9 plants and changing some shift structure with some of the others. And our goal is to retain about 95% of the revenue during those processes, and that's where we're at right now on that. So I'd say, by and large, given we're making some choices about channels and customers, we feel pretty good about it. And our overall objective is to sustain our EBITDA margins, and we've been able to do that given we've got these commercial dynamics while we integrate Temple.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Yes, that's a good point, John. Some of that actually materialized there in the summer, but they were notified at the end of last year that some changes will be made. We worked real hard to try to replace as much of that as we can.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think it's just a general statement that we're working real hard with our customers and we're making good progress with the box. And each -- every customer is an individual and you work with each customer. And we just -- we're making good progress. So I think in general, we'll be heading into the year, into 2013 in good shape on the pricing across our box business.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Scott, this is Mark. I think there are synergies and obviously accrue, some of it is in the sourcing areas. And I don't have that number for the third quarter handy. But there are some synergies relative to the Temple acquisition that's not captured just in Industrial Packaging business, but it's -- the lion's share is in the packaging.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well, I think I don't have every past price increase on the top of my mind, but they probably have been some examples where the box price increase, depending on the segment it goes into and how the value chain is constructed, box versus sheets, that there have been higher pass-throughs. But I would say, if you think about this particular price environment as a normal price environment from a board through box standpoint, not anything out of the ordinary.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Chip, RISI did -- has been working on this for a while. I guess, since they've bought OBM and they're doing a process to get input from all the stakeholders. And we all participate and listen to that process. But we've done some changes over time or have been involved in changes with indexes. And I'm sure we'll figure something out that works for our customers and for us. It's hard to speculate on exactly what they're going to do because they haven't done it yet. But I think we believe we'll be fine with whatever we do to merge those, and it'll work for us and it'll work for our customers.
Mark Stephan Sutton: We're comfortable with the structure that we have right now. A lot of our customers like to have index, and it's more for change than -- indexes at an absolute level in almost any industry are hard to tie down. But adding something that starts a discussion around change, I think works for a lot of our customers. And so we have a lot of contracts that have that. We have a lot of business that doesn't have it, and we are able to do fine with either kind of structure.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Well we took 319,000 tons of downtime, that part you got right. And we have a production plan that made what we needed to make to fill our orders. We do have a segment mix that's not the same as every other company, obviously. And seasonally, since our ag business is so big in the second quarter, we were down probably more than the industry itself in the third quarter, and we're just kind of learning the new seasonality and optimizing the segments we have. But as I said earlier, the plan that we operated under in the third quarter, when you look at the total mix of market and maintenance was, I think, incrementally 70,000 tons or so or 75,000 more than what we've been tracking the last few quarters in basically kind of flat market.
Mark Stephan Sutton: We've got a number of different realization schedules as you can imagine. And I think as you just mentioned, depending on the segment, the customer, the individual agreement, I would say, based on normal realization schedule, we're working through and very satisfied with what we're -- the progress we're making with our customers. And we should be at a run rate as we leave the year with announced price increase largely in place. That's about all I can say in terms of detail.
Carol L. Roberts: Gail, this is Carol. That's something that's been ongoing. We've had our Spain. We built our new box plant in Spain. So we've closed a plant, and we're doing some things to realign that business and take cost out. So it's not a long-term project, but it was something that did hit us in the quarter.
Carol L. Roberts: Al, you've heard it correctly that it's $250 million incremental pension expense, and you know where that's coming from. That is really just really driven by the discount rate. When you look at the interest cost calculation and then you look at the amortization of gains and losses, it's impacted by the discount rate. So unfortunately, it's an expense but fortunately, it's not cash. And if you go back and you look at the cash requirements, we -- looks like for '13, we've got a very small $40 million required cash contribution to the pension.
Carol L. Roberts: Sure. When we financed Temple, we did a bond offering in the fourth quarter of '11 and we did short-term debt this year, which we are paying back pretty aggressively. Our plan for next year is to continue to actually pay down debt. We've got targeted another $1 billion of debt repayment in '13, and we'll take the opportunity to pay down what debt is the most effective for us because we don't have a lot of maturities coming right at us. And with the cash flow generation that we have for next year, which will be strong, that will be a good plan, and we'll have opportunities to look at other options for cash.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, we'll actually pay down most of the bank debt by, yes, by the beginning of next year. And we also have the proceeds then of the building products coming in, along with strong cash flow from the business. So we should be in good shape.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, of course, what we'll do at the end of the year, we will calculate the pension gap based upon asset returns through the end of the year and whatever the discount rate is at the end. So I wouldn't speculate on what that will be, but will do that calculation and we'll do that at year end.
Carol L. Roberts: No, Mark. The LIFO will be into the fourth quarter. What we had is we did have a catch-up of some purchase accounting, and I think that was around a couple of cents, so about $10 million that was catch-up for previous quarters. That does go away. But the LIFO will be -- we split that over the 2 remaining quarters of the year. So we'll see that again in the fourth quarter.
