Mark S. Sutton: Thanks, Tim. And on a related topic, I'd like to cover in this section of our call I want to share with you an update on our portfolio. After careful consideration, we have decided to explore strategic options for our Brazil Packaging business, including the possible sale of the business. Essentially, we have concluded that we cannot competitively serve the Brazil Packaging segment with the structure of our existing business. We plan to provide appropriate updates as we go forward. And coming back to Tim's remarks on capital allocation, to me, it's all about value creation. That's what drives our decisions. Our approach to capital allocation reflects our confidence in International Paper's strong free cash flow generation and our long-term outlook. Turning now to slide 14, I want to take this opportunity to share my views on International Paper and our performance. We delivered a very good third quarter and are well-positioned for a strong fourth quarter with momentum as we move into 2019. We see continued healthy demand globally for our products, but that's not the whole story. The way I see it, it all starts with our customers and our focus on commercial excellence. There's a lot behind those words. It's all about making sure we have the customer relationships and the best value chain to solve their needs – from fiber to box, from fiber to fluff pulp, and from fiber to paper. It's about International Paper's unique capabilities to solve our customers' unique needs. And speaking to packaging specifically, we're very confident in our ability to provide our customers with the best packaging solutions, because ultimately that's what matters – to be the preferred partner, to develop and supply the actual package. Across all of our businesses, we have unique capabilities to thrive through just about any challenge we may face. We have the people, the innovation, the products and a low-cost, high-quality manufacturing system to succeed with our customers. And with that, we're ready to take your questions.
Mark S. Sutton: And Steve, this is Mark. On the plan we have for Europe, we see the combination of the competitive Southern European focused box business with the integration of our high-performance Madrid mill and the integration of the U.S. kraftliner into our Kraftliner segment. As Tim said, the profit for that shows up in the U.S. business. We see our business being able to get to competitive European EBITDA margins. Now, remember, there's always going to be a gap in EBITDA margins. In a North American context, you got a lot more capital employed with virgin mills than you do in Europe. So, working toward a cost of capital return, you get there with lower EBITDA margins in Europe than you would in a higher CapEx environment that you have in North America. But in North America, you generate your own energy, you have a different cost structure, so you trade capital for operating cost, and the goal is to create value by getting well above our cost of capital in both business models.
Mark S. Sutton: It's a great question, Adam, and I think your last qualification is a valid one. We don't really know how all of the capacity will play out. But as I said in my remarks, what really matters is the actual packaging solution, the box and the supply chain services you provide for customers. So being an open market provider of one or two grades of containerboard, you might find a place in that value chain and you might not. And I think the last time, in the 2015-2016 period where some capacity was added by different types of industry participants including nonintegrated, we saw a wide range of outcomes, from complete failure to being acquired by a vertically-integrated company and everything in between. And I think we're probably going to see some of that here as well. The way I look at it though, Adam, the big picture is containerboard globally is growing. And the virgin containerboard that's made competitively in the U.S. primarily is going to feed a lot of the fiber need. There are some dislocations right now, but I think we're going to see that mass balance of fiber to where packaging is made settle out over time because the corrugated box is a really good packaging solution for so many different segments, so I think that's what's going to happen. I said that and others said that in our company when we met with investors a few years ago, it sort of turned out that way. So, I guess we will have to see how things transpire over the next couple of years but I feel really confident about the supply chain, the value of integration because it's what addresses the customers' need.
Mark S. Sutton: George, this is Mark, good morning. That's a great question and it's sort of embedded in those words we used in our prepared remarks. But when you think about all the different types of segments that go into the corrugated packaging market and what different customers need, we have the ability, starting with the base material of containerboard, to design the exact right package uniquely for that customer's need. And, in some cases, that's combining three or four different types of grades into a final package. And we control the making of those grades and the quality that goes into that. You can trade off specs on the inside of the box versus the outside. And all of those types of things are what we bring to the customer. In other cases, customers want additional services beyond just the physical package. They want supply chain services, maybe some fulfillment services. In some cases, our smaller customers want help inside of their plants with health and safety and reliability. So when we go to market, we study every customer – what we can offer, what their needs are and we look for where there's a match and where there's an unserved need, and then we go out and we prepare something that really is compelling for our customers. So when Tim talked about the high-growth segments and the customers within those segments, there is a lot of analytical work that goes on in that process of us targeting the segments that we believe will be here in the future and the customers within those segments. And so it's not just the physical box. It's a lot of what we call value-added services for our customers that we hope make our relationship with those customers pretty sticky.
Mark S. Sutton: George, I would add on that though. The context to your question is about how do you operate, what's your flexibility in a differing economic environment, a downturn or something like that. It's more than just capital though. We've got a cost structure that has a high component of variable cost that we can adjust based on demand, and you've seen us do that in the past. And we've worked very hard to make our marginal economics model for how we buy every input and how we schedule machines and what we make. And when we make less...
Mark S. Sutton: ...the majority of our costs are variable. They go away. And so, we've got the ability to manage our cash flow which is what I meant when I said we are well-positioned to deal and thrive through almost any set of conditions that are out there, especially on a relative basis. And part of that is just the scale of the company and the ability for us to be able to make decisions in high-demand periods, in medium-demand periods, and in low-demand periods. So, we feel good about that flexibility beyond just the ability to temporarily cut capital. It's much more than that.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Debbie, that's a great question. I think there's all types of companies that have announced intentions to make some containerboard. I think the fundamental issue that I always come back to and we come back to in International Paper is that the global fiber trade is a global business. And virgin fiber primarily – but not only – but primarily out of the U.S., some in Latin America and some in, let's say, Russia and Northern Europe, is the feedstock for the global packaging business. The markets are growing more in parts of the world that use recycled fiber as we all know. Recycled fiber, depending on where it comes from originally, was new fiber to begin with. So it's not two separate universes. And so it would be expected as the global packaging market grows, to see possibly more fiber being generated out of the competitive markets. So if OCC was working before but now it's not because of environmental concerns, then taking that fiber one step earlier in the process, cleaning it up and making it recycled pulp or something, and then feeding the box market is another business model. Is it cost competitive? I think that's the way markets are designed. We'll have to see. But if there's no other option because of environmental concerns then it becomes the standard. So it's about moving fiber to the places where packaging demand is growing. And I think that's what we're seeing playing out and we're a major participant in that. We've generated very strong margins many times, best-in-class margins as a longtime participant in these global fiber markets when, in some cases, they're not quite as attractive as our domestic box business, but over time, you can see that we've built this channel strategy that's developed into a very strong global competitor.
Mark S. Sutton: I think it's a great observation, Mark, and it wouldn't seem to make great economic sense, but you always have to measure that value chain against the alternative. And if you have non-tariff and tariff barriers, so other costs that are not operating costs, that raise the cost of your alternatives, one being OCC, one being tariffs on finished products, then the economics change. Is it long-term sustainable? Maybe not, but you've got a burgeoning packaging market in a part of the world that's struggling to get fiber, so in order to survive and provide products for customers, you may do something that raises your costs for a while. And I just think if you look at what makes it economically viable, it's what are your alternatives and right now there are limited alternatives for moving fiber without that extra step of cleaning basically.
Mark S. Sutton: Would I worry? Absolutely. I think you have to stay heavily engaged in government policy. So, when you look at the type of investments being made in odd wood baskets and those kinds of things, I think is reflective of some uncertainty about, well, how long will I need this investment, is it going to be permanent, is it going to be for a while? I think we've got to see all of that play out, but back to what I said at the beginning, this fiber has to move to where the packaging has to be made for customers and it will. It will find a way to move and the economics are going to be driven by the absolute cost of manufacturing and the nonmanufacturing cost of government policy.
Mark S. Sutton: Anthony, good morning. I think that there's no specific timeline because we're just starting the process but we will provide updates as we have relevant information. We're going to look at several options. There's some creative options with that kind of business in that type of market, but we will move at a deliberate pace and there's no read-through on the paper business. The paper business is structured entirely differently in our IP, whereas we talk about trying to build an advantaged position, which has multiple dimensions. We have that in our Brazil paper business with our own land and eucalyptus fiber, but also the cost structure and the ability to export probably the highest quality, uncoated freesheet business product all over the world. The issue with the packaging business is it's a domestic business and it depends on GDP growth. And unfortunately for us, we bought the business that we knew was going to need some additional work but we bought it in the face of a deep, deep recession that I don't think anyone really anticipated. So with negative growth to basically zero growth, we just haven't seen the growth we needed to get the momentum to be able to be competitive in that business. The box plant part of the business is very good. Our mill system needs work and we've chosen to deploy our cash in other places that have a much higher return versus in that Brazilian mill system. And had we had 4% growth – 3%, 4% growth, we might be in a different spot. But we've had now three, almost four years of a contracted economy which has greatly affected the box businesses. The business models that have worked in that part of the world are really similar to the business model we had here, which is an integrated business model for the local market and a very competitive export product for the rest of the world. We don't need that. We have all the export capacity we need out of the best place to make it, which is the U.S., so we're not trying to replicate that business model. And that's what led us to the decision, is that we have better uses for the cash and the depth of the recession in the local economy has just been more persistent than we had anticipated.
Mark S. Sutton: It has been limited. We keep a very close eye on it. We're working our own channels of policy lobbying. The issue for us is that the type of products we sell, whether it's through our Global Cellulose Fibers business or even our Ilim joint venture, our products that the market really needs and it's even with a potential tariff is still the best option for the local producers. So, unlike some of the people who have been flagging their supply chain with mechanical parts and other things that have reasonable alternatives with just a little bit of work, this is a natural resource business that the alternatives are known and we have real competitive positions for the type of products like the absorbent pulp or the softwood tissue and fiber that we sell out of our joint venture with Ilim, that really is the best solution for those markets. So we are watching it very closely but that's really the reason for the limited impact.
Mark S. Sutton: So, Scott, I'll just add to Tim's comment. I think you'll see – if you go back and look at recent history, you'll see our strongest margins tend to occur when the economy is the strongest, which also tends to be, at the same time, some of our cost – input costs are up and have pressure. And then if you put all that together, there's a huge leverage on the demand side of the equation. So at a 2.9% or 3% GDP economy in North America, we have a business that's capable of generating in the margin range of 24%, in the mid-20s. When we have less than 1%, which we had just a couple – a few years ago, we had about 22% margins. And it follows logic in a way based on the price-cost relationship and what's happening in our customers' lives. When they're moving their product, we're there to serve for them, we have the flexible capacity, our margins tend to be a little higher. When the economy is slower, they tend to be a little lower. But from a result standpoint, we had strong results at 22% from a return basis and stronger results at 24%. But you also have the ability to look at the high and the low being a relatively narrow band now versus a long time ago where there was a huge swing in margins based on economic outlook. So, that's why we feel confident about in the company we built, and in particular, this part of the company that we've built.
Mark S. Sutton: Good, morning Mark, this is Mark. We have a tremendous business over there and really good business partners and we've said we'd like to continue to do more with Ilim because of its competitive position and we are pursuing as was previously discussed, Ilim's capital plan – normal capital plan to expand our softwood pulp capacity. We also have a competitive kraftliner business there that's perfectly suited to serve certain specific needs in Asia, a narrower grade range but an important grade range, and so it's a good business. There's obviously a geopolitical component to it but on the ground with our employees, with our respective governments, the business has really never operated better and it's got more growth potential.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Steve. It's Tim. It's all based on contracts and the negotiation around those contracts as we go through the implementation. So, for us, it's kind of a normal type of implementation across the mix of business that we have. And if you remember going back to the second quarter, we actually were able to accelerate part of that realization at the end of the second quarter and then I think the third quarter followed right as we would have expected it to.
Tim S. Nicholls: I'll take the transfer pricing question. Mark probably wants to comment on the margins in Europe. We transfer at markets, so we are in the open market. We are shipping board to our integrated business. And everything we do, whether it's here in North America or other parts of the world, we're always attempting to be right on top of a market price as we think about how we sell to our integrated businesses.
Tim S. Nicholls: In our quarter, we felt very good about; it was very strong and we see it continuing into October into the fourth quarter. So, we only know what we see in terms of the segments that we're exposed to and the customer mix that we have. And as I've pointed out in the comments, we think we have the best customers across all of our segments but especially within these faster-growing segments very well-positioned. So, right now as we're in October, it feels like our third quarter momentum has continued.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Gabe, it's Tim. We feel better about our inventory levels now than we have in a long time just based on a string of events, whether it was natural disasters or specific issues that impacted our mills. We spent most of last year and much of this year really working our supply chain hard to get back to more sustainable levels of inventory at a time when you had all of the transportation issues – first, rail; and then truck and so it's been timing to get product where it needs to go, but it's also been sourcing the right kind of transportation at the right time. So, I would say, across our channels, we've been chasing to catch up on orders especially in the export markets and also working hard to get back to a sustainable footing on inventory levels and I feel like we're just now beginning to get there.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, I think you've seen -good morning, Chip, it's Tim again. I think you've seen the price realizations over a period of time. The demand has been and continues to be very strong across all of the geographies that we serve and we've always thought of export as something as a strategic channel to market for us especially with a core group of customers. Part of what we've been doing, as I referenced in the response to the last question, is just catching up on orders as backlogs had extended out in time. So we saw healthy demand in the quarter. We continue to see healthy demand. I think that continues as we exit 2018 and go into next year. And it's been that way for several years in a row now, so this is not something that's new. The demand has been there consistently. On the capital spending, it's really timing. We're a little bit lower last year than what we had guided to and part of that has spilled over into this year and so we're thinking that it's right around $1.6 billion in 2018 after being $1.4 billion last year.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. I think – I don't want to try to forecast for people about what we will do. I think we've laid the framework out and we see the same numbers that you see. And so I think the approach that we're taking is we're reporting after the fact what we've done in the quarter and let those actions speak for themselves over time. And the other part of your question about 2019, we're still working through the numbers. It will be lower but we don't have a number that has been finalized at this point. We normally put that out at the end of the fourth quarter when we release in January.
Tim S. Nicholls: Thanks, George, this is Tim. Just on the capital, I mean go back and look at what we've done in prior periods. All the years are different. Circumstances are different. But I think we've demonstrated, over time, a level of flexibility where we can manage capital in the moment if we absolutely have to.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. Hey, Debbie, it's Tim. Yeah, we did cover it a little – a few minutes ago. But the synopsis was that we had a strong quarter in the third quarter. We've actually outperformed market all year long based on a lot of the factors that we talked about in the commentary, and we see that momentum continuing in October as we've gone through the month. So, I think you could look at third quarter and see the similar type of result so far.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. And we work closely with all of our customers. And I just – I think on principle, it's better if they speak for themselves and we don't try to. So we're very close with a lot of our customers, all of our customers in e-commerce. We understand the trends. We're working closely with them. I think the key there is that because we are viewed as a leader in the space, they seek our involvement and input. And so we feel like we are on the front-end of a lot of the innovations and changes that come about and I would just leave it at that.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hey, Brian, it's Tim. Yeah, I think you highlighted a great story in the quarter. Printing Papers, across all of our regions performed very well, and it's just like we've said, it was across most facets of the business. Brazil had an exceptional quarter but even in North America and Europe, solid commercial and operational results. And I think that one of the aspects that's consistent across the regions is the ability for all of the businesses to sell more product closer to home where they can secure better margins. In terms of Riverdale, we're still working through all of our detailed engineering and making progress. There is no update that we have in terms of timing but we're looking at how we do it optimally for our businesses involved – both white paper business and the Industrial Packaging business, so no change, no update at this time but we continue to work through all of our analysis.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. We haven't seen anything so far, so hard to predict the future. But yeah, it's – we've had better opportunity, as I said, to sell more product closer to home and all of the regions. That includes North America, so we'll have to see how it plays out based on currency and other factors over the next few quarters.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. I mean I wouldn't comment on price going forward. I think we laid out our expectations on the outlook, which would include also the export market. But we – I mean, we've continued to see extremely strong demand across regions. I think in a seasonally low period, it's normal to see some spot business that pops up in different parts of the world. That's the way I would characterize it and we'll see what happens as the season starts picking up now that we're in the fourth quarter in different regions of the world.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. It's a great question, Mark, this is Tim. So, I just want to tell you we were always partially hedged on interest rates. And based on the improved funding level that we saw near the end of the quarter, we did increase that partial hedge to a higher amount. We can disclose all of that when we come back and re-measure in our, I guess, it'd be in our fourth quarter call at the end of January, but we felt pretty good coming out of the third quarter. The pension risk transfer, we thought was a very good move for us to make. And based on the improved funding level that we were experiencing at the end of the third quarter, that gave us the confidence to also make the shift on our asset allocation to increase the fixed income exposure and take down equities.
Tim S. Nicholls: No, I think we feel like we've reduced risk greatly and that we're well-protected. And, of course, when we re-measure and we put out our annual number, we can share more details about that but I think we feel pretty good right now.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah, it's a good question, Mark. And I think what we've said is we want to try to do both. We have not always purchased shares in a very consistent fashion over time. It's been very episodic, both in terms of timing and in terms of amount. And I think what we were talking about was systematic as we're going to be thoughtful about how we look at share repurchases versus other options for capital allocation. But we also always want to keep in mind our view of intrinsic value and buy below that. So, yeah, it's – will it always line up? I'm not sure. But we want to have a posture where we, on a more regular basis, are in the market buying our shares where we see value.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. We've pressure-tested it under a lot of different scenarios. But even under trough scenarios what we're saying is we're committed to 40%, 50% of free cash flow on an ongoing basis. We want it to be sustainable. We think, given our view of normalized and trough margin levels and cash flow, that we can return the current dividend at the $2 per share under most scenario – most all scenarios, trough-tested and as well as normalized. So it's a view of returning free cash flow under any circumstance except maybe something like we experienced in 2008, but we view it as sustainable throughout the cycle, up and down.
Tim S. Nicholls: Well, if you look at our history, I think we've been within a fairly tight range through a lot of different macro factors. If you go back to 2015 and 2016, we were still in the 22% range. So I think, over the past five, six, seven years, we've demonstrated, within a band, our ability to manage our margins by the way we choose to participate in the various channels that we operate in as well as the investments that we've made in our facilities, the lower costs and improve supply chain capability. You're not immune from the market. But I think Mark alluded to it earlier and talked about our ability to manage through different types of circumstances given our size and our capability, I totally agree with that.
Tim S. Nicholls: Hi, Mark. It's Tim, could you repeat that? I'm sorry we missed the first part of your question. It cut out.
Tim S. Nicholls: Yeah. It varies region by region. Latin America has been very good for us. Brazil has been up and down as you might expect from the economic performance in the country. Russia has been very stable and solid. We've actually not been able to meet all of the demand that we had in Western and the Eastern Europe because of the fire that we had earlier in the year at Kwidzyn and the amount of capacity that we lost. So, yeah, I mean, it's – there are secular trends everywhere to varying degrees, but there's also differences in usage that make some regions less susceptible, we think, over time to the types of secular decline that we've experienced here in North America. The usage here, on a per capita basis as you know, Mark, was extremely high in North America. The rest of the world never had those type of per capita use numbers. And so we see stable demand across most of the other regions that we operate in.
