Mark Sutton: Tim, thank you very much for all the detail. As we look forward, we're positioned for strong earnings and margin expansion in the second half of 2021. My confidence in making a statement saves on the following. Our commercial initiatives are driving revenue growth and our building converting systems will regain meaningful operational and supply chain efficiencies, as we replenish inventories. Although raising input cost will likely linger, uncertain we can successfully navigate the environment, given the strong demand backdrop. Our papers business carries strong momentum as we approach the October 1 spinoff. Our team is doing an outstanding job, managing the business and taking care of customers. I want to take this opportunity to thank our employees for their tireless efforts as we plan for a successful separation. As we moved through 2021, we had a significant operating and non-operating cash catalyst, and we are laser focused on the capital allocation framework that Tim just described. All of our cash will flow through our framework with one objective, maximizing value creation for our shareholders. I'm excited about the actions we're taking to build a better IP or accelerating earnings growth and building a foundation for long-term success. We're looking forward to sharing more about that with you in the months ahead. With that, we're ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: Tim, if I could and George just wrap up that was a lot of ground covered in the capital allocation questions that you asked. And we do take a long-term view. And as I said last quarter, one of the things we're really excited about is that we've got IP position for the first time in really almost forever or definitely recent memory for our entire capital allocation levered set, strong balance sheet, ability to pay strong dividend, share repurchases at the right times, and very importantly, smart investments in our business, as Tim said, organic or inorganic. We have all of those levers available at the same time. And our past history, as all of you know, is we’ve had two or three or maybe two out of four, sometimes only one out of four. And that's what we really are excited about as we're going forward. As we separate into two companies, the new IP is going to have a capital allocation posture that we haven't had in a long time. And that's very exciting for our shareholders. It's very exciting for the company, because we have options to grow the businesses that are growing to manage our return of cash, all generating, hopefully, outstanding shareholder return.
Mark Sutton: No, Gabe. I think we also do the corrugated packaging market as potentially having a bit of a reset through this last year-and-a-half. We listened to our customers on that, which I'm not sure where it's 8% every quarter-over-quarter and quarter out like it was in the last quarter. But definitely, a step up from the low single-digit growth rates, and that's what we want to be positioned for. When we talk about growing at a minimum with the market, we mean over time and a reasonable assumption of growth on the U.S. market, and that's a number that I think is leaning towards the higher end, just because of a couple of things. The adoption of e-commerce through the pandemic, which has, I think proven to be very sticky and valuable proposition that fiber-based packaging represents to people in terms of its circularity, renewable natural resources, making energy in carbon-neutral biomass way, and a high recycling rate is finally with all the talk about sustainability and climate and a number of other issues finally getting attention all the way down to the consumer level. So we're very excited about the corrugated packaging outlook. And we want to make sure we're there with the right asset base, the right customer list, the right technical capabilities to grow – to sharing that growth.
Mark Sutton: Yes, Gabe, we plan on starting that as we head towards the third quarter release and then for the end of the year to get an expectation about 2022 performance.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think the other perspective on inventories and I've seen a lot written by analysts on normal inventories and one, just thing to remember the way we look at it. Normal inventories averages from the past, tend to correlate with more normal supply chain environment, so normal transportation, velocity, so forth and so on. And we are nowhere near any kind of normal supply chain performance by third-party partners in the transportation world. So our inventory view in IP for the next quarter and the quarter after that is also influenced and adjusted by what's happening in the transportation and supply chain networks. So I would expect that normal right now should be higher levels of inventory to perform the same with customers as we had when transportation velocity was much higher.
Mark Sutton: Anthony, I think the way you should probably think about how we make that decision together Tim and his team and me is, we try to look at the company and its optimal weighted average cost of capital, a portion of that is what credit rating we need to have that delivers and supports that. So you're absolutely right, we're going to be a different company going forward, that analysis is something that we do continuously, we’re relied at the credit rating target we have based on the company, we will continue to look at that and try and make sure that our ROIC is constructed in the most effective way to get the best solid high quality return we can for shareholders and definitely debt ratios and credit ratings are part of that.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think the way to think about the – I was looking at what we had – what we sort of put in our outlook in the first quarter call. And we actually had stronger performance and we thought we were going to have, but we didn't know like a lot of people didn't know the market was going to grow 8%. We had the inability doing a quarter in some cases to pick up incremental business, we didn’t lose any business, because our core customer lists that was coming into the quarter as business. There may be some business that we didn't bid, most of it is shorter-term business. So that the answer is, yes, we have people still call on us today. Can you supply me more boxes? In some cases we can, we just couldn't do it in the second quarter. So I'm not concerned about losing anything permanently. We basically had a classic mismatch between the available capacity in our system and the demand in a 90-day period.
Mark Sutton: Yes, the two factors I mentioned Mark in my opening comments, we have more than one quarter of recovery from the winter storm, 140,000 tons just evaporated from our containerboard supply chain. And on top of that, we had a highest maintenance quarter in ITT in the last 10 years. So if you just normalize what was above normal maintenance plus that winter storm, that's a chunk of containerboard capacity that could not be converted into a box. And that's coming back, it's just going to take a little while to get it back. So what we had available ran wide open, but we have the capacity offline for maintenance and we have the lingering effect of the 140,000 tons from the first quarter. None of those are permanent, all of those will be significantly improved as we navigate through the second half.
Mark Sutton: So that's a complicated question, because of the nature of some of these contracts by customer type by region. But let me just kind of state – restate what we talked about the last two quarters, that a, you could expect, quarter-by-over – quarter-over-quarter improvement in this business, steady improvement in this business, and we're seeing that. But our strategy is to have the kind of margins in this business that reflect the value that fluff pulp provides for the end use customers. So we're taking a very structured, very measured approach to each market segment and to the agreements we currently have in those segments with individual customers. And so, as we implement this approach, we would expect that there’d be some volume shifts and movement between segments. And our goal is to have mix improvement, better agreements with better economics that reflect the value of fluff pulp. And that is a kind of customer-by-customer region of the world by region of the world and I would expect and we're making progress, good progress on that. But given the length of some of these agreements and the way they're structured, we should expect to continue to see margins improve over the next several quarters. So that's a long complicated answer to whether we have any more price flow through, it's not just about price flow through, it’s about restructuring these commercial agreements and getting the proper value for this product.
Mark Sutton: That’s three question Mark. And the answer is, coming into maybe the middle of 2020, we were saying, and I was saying, we feel really good about our containerboard capacity, we have what we need, the amount, the type of grades. When everything is running, we have enough capacity. But everything isn’t running every day, colleges and of course events that you don't predict like that winter storm issue. But yes, we are looking continuously at debottleneck and we've done a bunch of that in the last several years painfully, because we need that containerboard now. We are looking at different options for adding containerboard into our system, if it looks like this kind of demand level it’s going to be consistent. Remember we are structured maybe a little bit uniquely in the sense that we bring containerboard to market, if the three distinct channels, our own box network open market in North America to companies that provide a certain service in the box market and the long-term partners of ours, but we don't make the box and then our export. So much you have seen and you will continue to see is movement of containerboard within those three channels. And obviously, we have favored the U.S. box market as much as we can, but trying to continue over time, not just in the second quarter of 2021, but over time get the highest possible margins at our business by participating in ultimately those channels. Containerboards you're right, is a high demand product all over the law, but recycled and virgin, we obviously only export the virgin, we saw the virgin version of it. Box capacity, we've been actively investing locally with the acquisitions we did with that in the early part of the past period, we had a lot of opportunities to fill out existing plans by adding single or a double lines of box making equipment. We've built a few plants and we've acquired a couple of partnerships, but there's definitely opportunity for us to continue to invest in our converting network. The other option with converting as you well know, Mark is when you know demand looks like it's going to be solid. You can bring on more employees and actually fill out an extra shift in many plants. And you've got lean capacity turned into productive capacity. You obviously want to do that when you're pretty sure. And first do it with over time and then you do them with permanent employees. That's a challenge right now, given the main market dynamics, but we've got several levers to pull to continue to invest in not only box capacity, but the kinds of capability we have, e-commerce specific assets for example, is something that we're also bringing to market.
Mark Sutton: I think if you look at the legislation in detail, there's a federal view that's kind of in its nascent stage. And there's a state by state view and we are actively working in the state by state legislatures. The big issue and the big goal of this extended producer responsibility tech legislation was really targeted non-recyclable or hard to recycle in many cases, plastics. In some cases that has led people to believe all packaging should be included. So the first thing is separating the facts of what corrugated packaging can do, and actually corrugated packaging could be a solution to the problem because of the high recycling rates. But that message has to get to policy makers. And we worked very hard on that. I spend a fair amount of my personal time talking to people about that. And in many cases, it's a new learning mark for people at the local level, that there is a completely different story on fiber-based packaging, it's made from renewable resource and a high recycling rate in the 90% range versus many of the other substrate choices. So I think that's the case we're making that is actually part of the solution, not part of the problem. But as usual in legislation, sometimes it starts with a blanket, all packaging needs to be managed in a different way and people need to be responsible for their packaging that they put out there when we have a system. So for example, we spend a lot of times and it's in there right now. On the infrastructure work that commerce is working on, in that bipartisan agreement, they made yesterday a significant amount of investment in recycling networks in the country is part of that. We'll see if it stays in there, but that's the answer is improving recycling rates for even to recycle and reuse materials. That's the value proposition for corrugated packaging, not being included in the intent of similar legislation.
Mark Sutton: Phil, we think it will be a steady progress. It won't be all solved in the third quarter. We think we'll make steady progress through the second half of the year. We have targeted to grow at or slightly above the market over time. We were really hampered in their ability to do that in the last couple of quarters because of the issues you just mentioned. But we will definitely have more options available for incremental growth as we go forward. Just based on the fact that we won't have so much of our system down for maintenance, but it will take a slow and steady progress month after month through the second half.
Mark Sutton: Not necessarily, not necessarily, a part in what happens in 90 days, but that's a pretty short period of time. Part of what happens in the 90 day period is your segment exposure and what happens in seasonality if you've got more of this versus that. And so I think you should – I wouldn't automatically assume the lag the market. But I think it will take us the next second half of the year to get to the point where we feel comfortable that our inventories are more sustainable. I think the first thing we'll see is we won't miss any sales. The second thing we'll see is our costs will come down.
Mark Sutton: Well, if you think about the remarks, I made a couple of questions ago about what we're changing in the business versus the last 10 months or the last 10 quarters. That's what gives me confidence that this is a very value creating material for our end user customers. And we just happen to always extract it that proper value that gives us a value creating return. And that's what we're working on. I think the growth rate will stay solid as economies around the world improve. So there's a growth component, but we're going to run the business in a different way than it's been run before. When we made the decision to invest in the business, it changes the profile of this being a legitimate first rate business for a company versus in many cases, a smaller side sideline type of business. And some of that's reflected in some of the way the commercial agreements have been made. And we're working on changing that for the better.
Mark Sutton: Yes, that's – I mean, it's hard to predict that with certainty obviously, but we believe that part of what’s happening is the goal that fiber-based packaging is playing in general commerce driven by a few segments, has taken a step change off. And so we think the base will be stronger. It depends on a lot of things and number one, the structure of the U.S. economy. And so if there is really action on some of the things that have been learned now around supply chains and global issues with supply chains and we do have more manufacturing that actually occurs in the U.S. for certain components, I think that'll bode well for the business and then how strong the consumer is going forward. Coming out of this, I think you're looking at maybe what's going to be close to two years of pent-up demand by consumers because of the things that happened during the pandemic and how that plays out and consumption will play a big role in what that growth rates going to be. I think the data, we have this model we use, I know others have models. There's third parties that are models, a correlation around GDP and has been slightly less, has been what's happened in the box market. And we think that'll still stand and it looks like we're poised to have a stronger consumption oriented GDP or at least as far as you can see right now.
Mark Sutton: On the longer term part, I'll ask Tim to look for that cost offset part of your question. But on the longer term, we believe as a combination of how we operate. So in the manufacturing sector and the kind of the cost structure of our build system, and I've said this before, especially the part that was the legacy IP system, which is mostly converted mills from other products versus what we acquire with warehouse or which is most, all built for purpose. So they tend to have a better efficiency and lower costs. We've got opportunities to lower the cost, primarily in the legacy IP in factoring system, coupled that with commercial arrangements improvements that we're talking about and that we're doing now, you put those two together. We should have the margin structure to have a solid business above the cost of capital with a slight growth potential. So that's what we are working on. And we see a path to that. It will be a steady path, quarter by quarter and that's where we're heading. And the question on the cost on account, it's modest, but it's really transportation. I mean, we're continuing to battle the transportation in general. I think part of the transportation issue in this business, Paul is export port congestion, much more exposed to international causes break than the other businesses in the company.
Mark Sutton: Yes, it's really due to having access to the fiber as being able to get it out of the woods based on the rainfall that we've had. So we looked at it very long lead time in terms of how we manage what inventories that mills and across basins and it's really been the Gulf states that have been more heavily impacted but some of the Southeastern mills as well. So depending on the weather as we go through the rest of this quarter into the fourth, but our inventories are in decent shape, but they're a little on the low side and it's just going to cost more to get the blood out and get it to the mills. Transportation's not helping either. I mean, we've referenced inbound materials and whatnot and that's seemingly impacting everything.
Mark Sutton: Thank you. On e-commerce no disappointments still very, very strong. And then we're getting into the period of the year where you start to build for the year end demand increases as you move toward holiday season. So still a very strong story. We're continuing to invest in that segment. Food service continuing to improve, I guess, there's a question mark about what happens with Delta variant and COVID, whether everything continues to open. I think that a big question, Mark, our big potential upside is as schools and events start to open food service related to those, which obviously hasn't been opened during the summer as is another potential upside. If that in any way, shape or form gets delayed and the food service growth could slow a little bit, the only segment that I think it's kind of predictable that maybe saw some flattening with processed food. And I think it's directly related to the general opening of the economy and a little less stocking up of kind of the center of the grocery store, if you will. So good strong performance across the key segments and we believe listening to our customers and looking at order patterns that’s continuing has been going to the third quarter.
Mark Sutton: Well, internally the best thing we can do on the cost side is to have our system optimized with the right inventories and what that means is make a product in the right factory so that the transportation costs to the customer or in the case of our industrial packaging business, our containerboard mill makes containerboard for box plants that are nearby, not loss plants that are all the way across the country. So that's the number one thing on cost that we can do internally, we don't – we all have our own trucking company or anything like that. It's about really optimizing our supply chain and any dramatic improvements we can make on cost. So your first part of your question, I don't know this for sure, but looking at what the analysts that follow the transportation industry talk about is that there is a belief that labor and some of the impediments to Trump capacity and the training that's required to bring on more employees and more assets in the rail industry will get better and people will want to return to those industries. Many of those companies laid off a lot of people, you can't just bring people back in rail, there's required training and other things, same thing for trucks. And the belief is that that'll get better. So capacity should get better. If the economy stays kind of red hot and it's a good problem to have, but then I think capacity will get absorbed pretty quickly. So we think it's really disruptive right now and velocity is really slow for a lot of reasons. We think part of that, at least on the human labor side, we'll get better.
Mark Sutton: Thank you. Let me go ahead and wrap up just a couple of takeaways. I would like to leave with investors. First, you heard today that we are really positive on the strong momentum we're building for the second half. Both earnings and margin expansion were absolutely laser-focused on capital allocation and a balanced approach to that. And we are in very good shape, all elements that our capital allocation framework and we're very excited about the prospects we have in front of us, as we separate IP into two companies and we work on building a better IP going forward. So thank you for you're interested in International Paper. We look forward to talking with all of you next quarter.
Tim Nicholls: The way we're thinking about it is, we are trying to maximize value. We have a lot of cash coming in, in a moment. We do – everything looks positive as we go forward, but we recognize this as a cyclical business to some extent. And so, the relation to the balance sheet where we are trying to build strength, reduce risk and also the flexibility and optionality. And so taking it down below the target range, which is really a target range through a cycle, sometimes we'll be below and sometimes will not be a little bit above. But we just view it, that coupled with our attention performances, derisking the company share repurchases and dividend is very important. And so that is over time as we not necessarily quarter-by-quarter, but over year-by-year. We look to be returning substantial amounts of cash to shareholders, and then everything else gets tested, whether it's organic or small bolt-on types of acquisitions, it gets tested against that.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Just on the last, we do. And that will be - the Form 10 is going to be coming out here in short order and I think that will answer all the questions. To your first part of your question, I think, we try to look at both. We try to look at circumstances in the moment, but we definitely have a long-term view and we're thinking about how to create value and what our value is over time. So I hope we try to take those into the calendar for time.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's – I mean through the second quarter, we saw the lowest inventory levels in our system that we've probably ever experienced. Coming out of the second quarter into the July, we're able to start recovering a little bit of that, but look we're – I mean the winter storm impacted us hard 145,000 tons followed by that normally high outage quarter in the second quarter. So it's going to take a little bit of time for us to recover that as we go through third quarter and probably into the fourth quarter to some extent. So yes, we were at our lowest levels we've ever seen in the second quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It’s a great question, Anthony. And certainly, we – none of this is static, right? So we wanted to be understood and we want to be consistent and true to the framework as we talk about it. But that doesn't bother us from reevaluating based on portfolio and other specifics potential changes that we think are beneficial to our investors and stakeholders, so nothing now, but something that we will turn over time.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey Mark, it’s Tim. So I think the increase from the fall as we talked about last quarter went through a record amount of time, it was the fastest size I've ever seen. The pace on the second one, we were kind of expecting a normal historical rent up on it, it seems to be going faster, not as fast as the first, but still faster than what we've seen over time. We'll see as August comes, we'll see how that will plunge out. But right now we see our fundamentals looking very strong, we’ve seen strong demand and as Mark talks about, all of the complications from the supply chain are really stretching inventory tighter than they would normally be. So far this is the first two price increase implementations we feel really good.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I think if you look at the two of them combined, we'd be about 80% complete on implantation at this point.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, I don't know, I mean that's forward-looking and we feel very confident at the moment, but I don’t want to speak to forecasting price at this point.
Tim Nicholls: On white paper side, it’s just a little bit muffled coming through. So when you are talking about looking forward, Mark.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Well, I mean, all the regions we're seeing price increases or realization of price increases in some degree, some of this in other regions started earlier in the year. So Russia was kind of on the forefront earlier in the year, implementing a price increase. Brazil as well, domestically so those are sort of – they're running their course and playing out where we still see traction in North America and in some of the export markets as well.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean, I wouldn't want to forecast price looking forward. I've talked about how we think about the mom of what we believe we're seeing. We're seeing a bit of a pullback in some of the markets. Our view at the moment is that things are more stable. And look at not only the underlying demand models but the transportation difficulties, which are really in effect extending supply chains at this point. So you're right, full commodity product, but our view at the moment is this is a bit of a correction, not a complete turn.
Tim Nicholls: Well, we're still working through that. I mean, I think a good way to look at it. The way I'm looking at it last year was an abnormally linear. This year is a little bit of a out of range high here. When you put the two of them together, it looks roughly in line. I mean, our outages can be anywhere from 500 to 500 million to a little bit less or maybe some years, a little bit more pushing 550 last year, given all the uncertainty we pulled back and per sales this year. We're catching up on some of those outages from last year. So we put the two together what's more normal. Next year, we have to take a short planning. We always provide that as we – near the end of the year and look into the coming year.
