Mark Sutton: Thanks, Tim. Now I'll turn to Slide 16. I want to reinforce my confidence in the resiliency of International Paper and our ability to navigate through this dynamic environment from a position of strength. As Tim mentioned earlier, we're well positioned due to our diverse portfolio of products and services and our strategic relationships with a large number of national and local customers across a broad range of attractive end-use segments. Also, our teams at IP know what it takes to successfully manage through a business cycle by leveraging options and capabilities across our large system of mills, plants and supply chain to optimize cost while continuing to take care of our customers. In addition, our building a better IP initiative initiatives are focused on continuing to invest in projects to drive structural cost reduction through efficiency improvements and accelerating profitable growth. We exceeded our target in 2022 and we have solid momentum as we enter 2023. And finally, as I mentioned earlier, we have significantly enhanced our financial strength and flexibility. This strong foundation makes IP well positioned for success across a spectrum of economic environment and to deliver profitable growth over the long term. And turning to Slide 17. As we look to 2023 and all of the dynamic conditions at hand, I draw confidence from an incredible milestone that reflects the resiliency of our company. To be precise, today marks our company's 125-year anniversary. On this date, in 1898, 17 pulp and paper mills in the northeastern part of the United States joined to form International Paper Company.  I think our founders would be amazed at how our enterprise has evolved through the years, including the incredible products we make and the expansive list of customers we serve. I would also appreciate our long-standing commitment to the pursuit of excellence in safety and environmental stewardship. While the world has changed, our commitment to providing essential products, people depend on every day and the talent and dedication of our team has not changed as we embark on our next 125 years. Our principles and resilience will continue to serve us well. I'm excited about how we are reengaging our company. We haven't performed to our full potential but that's behind us. We are committed to take our performance to a higher level. We recently made talent and leadership adjustments to match the right skills to the right opportunities we have in front of us. It's the right team to execute our strategy. We continue to make a lot of traction on our build to better IP focus areas.  The things we're going after will set us apart and will drive our results. In essence, we are proud and well positioned to build on our 125-year legacy in the days, months and years ahead. I'm confident you'll like what you see. With that, operator, we're ready to take questions.
Mark Sutton: I think you sound like you got it about right on the split between the one times which usually get corrected in the last quarter. But through a lot of efforts, especially on things like the medical cost and all of that. On the question about energy and geopolitical, I mean, part of the reason we have lower energy cost is our energy usage can be optimized actually when we're running less than full capacity because a higher percentage of our energy is our own make energy. And so we can actually just stop consuming purchased -- as much purchased energy whether that's raw natural gas to power the auxiliary boilers or whether it's the electricity we buy that we don't make ourselves.  Our view on geopolitical is no better or worse than anyone else's. As we look out ahead, part of it is what's happening with weather and what's happening in Europe in terms of demand for some of the fuel, natural gas being the main one. We feel like it's a more stable environment going forward. But what we've been able to do is really manage and optimize our consumption. And as you know, Gabe, in the integrated mills, at the right output level, we are generating from wood biomass fuel most of our own steam to generate most of our own electricity. Not that we don't want better demand but when it is lower, we can optimize our energy profile which is what we're doing.
Mark Sutton: George, this is Mark. I think that's a good way to think about it, although they're not the same market be the numbers work out. There one way to just verbalize what you should be thinking about with Cellulose Fibers, a lot of commercial changes on all types of accounts and customers and regions of the world occurred through 2022. And those benefits now are largely locked in, in our commercial agreements for the full year 2023, coupled with improving our cost position. So that's where the expansion comes from, commercial is the driver, layered on top of a much more sane higher-velocity supply chain and lower cost structure. And that gets you the significant earnings improvement.
Mark Sutton: George, the way to think about the example of the Pennsylvania box plant coming on and then with obviously a softer demand environment. I'll take you back to the last maybe 3 quarterly calls where I commented on our running to meet demand required structural over time in a lot of our plants. And so in that particular part of the country, we are -- we don't have enough capacity even with our employees working a fair amount of overtime. So this plant is going to help us not only gain business, we've had to turn away in some places but stabilize the entire region of plants around it by getting onto a more sustainable operating schedule for our employees.  So customer retention because we're stretched on our capacity. And it's not an average statement. It's in different parts of the country. This is one of them. This will actually have benefits from the incremental volume of the plant and secondary benefits by stabilizing the nearby operations into a more sustainable schedule. So I think we feel really good. It's a total net add and an improvement in our operating cost and our operating efficiency and our employee resiliency. So we've got several other examples in different parts of the markets where we're going to be doing the same thing.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I think it's fair to say our commercial objective is to improve profitability, as Tim just described and there's multiple ways to do that depending on the segment and the type of customer. And then secondly, obviously, to reduce volatility in the way that we make When we throw words like strategic customer relationships, that's partly what we mean by the word strategic versus transactional that there is a longer-term view which usually comes with less volatility versus playing a very transactional market by the month or by the quarter. you need probably a mix of all of it but our objective is to improve profitability which we are doing and reduce volatility.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Mike. We shifted it to the algorithm for marginal cost. And so that's one of the important one, also logistics and transportation costs which haven't relaxed as quickly is an important one and then, of course, fiber, wood fiber costs as well as OCC. And I would say, yes, you saw more of our production shift to the lower-cost energy mills but not in a material way. We ran everything. We didn't make any dramatic shifts but you can see the efficiency and cost reduction showed up in our numbers. Because, again, as I said, at certain sweet spots in an integrated mill where you're making at full capacity, 80% of your energy at less than full capacity you can make almost all of your energy and you're not subject to the open market for purchase electricity or gas virtually at all. So that might even trump a lower gas price. When you have a mix of integrated mills and recycled mills like we do.
Mark Sutton: If you mean -- this is Mark. Thanks for the question. If you mean permanent, like adjustments of capacity, we don't see that on the horizon. Given the types of products we make, the different grades, cost structure of our mills. We're quite capable of running at 105% of nameplate rating and 85% of nameplate rating. And we do believe long term, fiber-based packaging market is growing. So structural cost reduction, where we can now say it's worth making a capital investment to take out this permanently, this marginal cost that ends up only coming out when we are taking economic downtime. Yes, there's opportunities for that. But there's no consideration right now or any major adjustment in our asset base because it's very competitive; it makes the products we need. And I think we've got to figure out also industry in general and I think in particular what's the new normal in supply chain because location of facility near -- converting or near market matters a lot more now than it used to. So we've had a lot to figure out on that but lots of cost reduction opportunities through modest capital investment would be our focus on taking it out for good.
Mark Sutton: John, I think the way we think about it is our containerboard and box system obviously, is an integrated system for the board that we use to make our boxes. And the balance is what we would call our open market position. There's 2 pieces to that: domestic market and export market. And for the domestic market, all of our customers that buy board from us are long-term strategic agreement type customers. We do very little in just kind of what would be considered a spot market. And so we really don't have some of that churn issue that you're talking about. And then we look at demand for virgin kraft linerboard which is all that we export and we oscillate our output on that to match the demand signal. So we've seen capacity come on in the past and it comes on in varying degrees of velocity and varying degrees of success. And we'll just navigate this one like we've done in the past. But we really do run -- for all practical purposes, we run a pretty integrated operation from fiber to box, whether we're making the box or whether a long-term strategic open market box makers making it.
Mark Sutton: I think, Adam, we're hearing -- there is a range but we're hearing, as Tim, I think, mentioned in the earlier question, a large portion of the destocking did occur in the fourth quarter. There are a couple of segments that are maybe still going through it. But in some cases, we've had orders pick up in certain segments to kind of replenish inventory. So it feels like based on what we're hearing qualitative and what we're seeing in order book that the destocking story of demand chain played out largely.  And now the question mark on everybody's mind is what does the consumer do as we move through the first half of the year with respect to disposable income, what happens with inflation, they're getting some relief on fuel prices and does the consumer move back into the goods economy. And more than likely, everybody who looks at it will get it wrong and it will probably come back faster or it will take longer to come back but we won't get it precisely right but that's what we're hearing.
Mark Sutton: Thank you and thanks, everyone, for joining our call today. Just to kind of wrap up with a couple of key points. We're excited about 2023. We believe in our outlook. We've got opportunities to maximize our performance in this uncertain environment. A lot of opportunity to get our cost structure back to something that we would consider more normal on different cost ratios. And then, looking at the commercial improvements we are making throughout 2022 and into 2023, we expect to see dividends on improving our profitability regardless of the demand environment and then the investments we're making are primarily in our box system, we'll continue to make those and we will be ready with a more sustainable operating model when demand returns to a more normal level with the appropriate level of converting capacity and capability in the right geographic locations. So a lot to do. We're excited about it and we look forward to updating you along the way. Thanks for joining our call today.
Tim Nicholls: Gabe, it's Tim. And I think you actually summarized it quite well. We are front-end loaded in the first quarter on maintenance outages, so we get a step down. If you look at it on average across the quarters 2 through 4. But really, the benefits to GCF come through, the contract negotiations that were closed in the fourth quarter. And so we're going to see a step-up in profitability based on those. And then given build a better IP and what we expect to achieve this year and just flowing back some of these marginal costs. I mean the past 2 years have been -- the costs have been going up almost relentlessly across every category. Supply chain cost has proven to be a little bit stickier. But we think both from a rate and fuel standpoint, there could be an opportunity. But the real opportunity for us is just on the operations side, just getting back to more of a normalized mode mix type of scheduling of transportation and taking out the premium freight and higher marginal supply chain and logistics costs to move product to customers.
Tim Nicholls: I'm sorry, I missed the last part of that, George. I mean I think it's no different than what I was just talking about with Gabe. We got big structural changes in the contract negotiations in GCF in the fourth quarter. So that hits now. That starts as we go through first and second quarter. And then just in terms of most of the initiatives their internal self-help, whether they're structural through a build a-better IP or they're just getting back to more normalized levels of operation across a number of categories including supply chain, usage in the mills on inputs and the like. So we're not immune from the macro environment but there's a lot that we think we have in front of us that we can work on, especially as it relates to the marginal cost that were incurred in a more run full type of environment.
Tim Nicholls: George. Yes, on the inventory side, it's a combination of 2 things. So we believe inventories are historically low. They've been that way for the past couple of years. But you've got a little bit of a phenomena going on with the accelerated velocity in supply chain through the third quarter that people were able to recover a little bit but still not get back to what would be historical levels of inventory. So they've got a little bit more to work with but they're low on a historical basis and then we believe once you get through Chinese New Year, buying picks up again. So on GCF, the labor issue, yes, that's been a battle through '22 but the business is deploying a lot of strategies there.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean it's -- so Mark, it's Tim. I don't want to start making forecasts or predictions but we do believe, as we've said, that the business is structurally taking efforts to get paid for the value that they're delivering. And you do have a mix across the different channels and segments that we serve. This last piece that we referenced in terms of the contract negotiations in the fourth quarter were structurally something that needed to be corrected by the business and it took a little bit of time to do it. So not making a prediction but we believe that the actions that we're taking consistent with how we get paid for value. And so you can read into what you think that means as we go through '23 and '24.
Tim Nicholls: Well, I think it's the intent of the approach that we've taken with each of our customers and just recognizing that the value equation doesn't change dramatically over time.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think that's right, Mark. A large portion was taken care of in the fourth quarter. It feels like maybe there's some remnants but that it's getting close to the end. And if you look at where we are just in January, year-over-year, it looks like we don't have numbers yet but just following cut out. It looks like we're down 5% year-over-year but stabilizing from fourth to first.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I think it's probably a bit too early, although we agree that there is an opportunity past Chinese New Year, China reopens, we see that as a positive.
Tim Nicholls: I mean I don't want to speculate such a fluid environment but I think we look to closing sometime this year at the regulatory approval process, will take what it takes. So as we know more, we'll report it.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It usually runs a couple of quarters. It's all over the map. But when you look at it in total, on average, usually see it coming through over a 2-quarter period.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. We don't comment on any plans we have or don't about economic downtime going forward. But we have a view of the market growth and how we'll need to run the system as we go through the year.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean we look at free cash flow through the cycle. We do trough testing around sustainability of the dividend. I mean, we feel very good about our ability to meet the dividend requirement. And the 40% to 50% is not a hard and fast rule that it will always be within that. Sometimes it could be a little bit above and sometimes it might be a little bit below. But over time through the cycle, we think averaging 40 to 50 across a number of years is an appropriate range to shoot for.
Tim Nicholls: I think it's within $100 million or $200 million, it's probably in the zone. I mean we were trying to spend more on last year but just given supply chain difficulties and long lead times, it was impossible. And so we were just short of $1 billion last year. We're targeting between $1 billion and $1.2 billion this year. But again, it depends on suppliers and vendors' ability to deliver within a time frame. But D&A runs about a little over $1.1 billion. We've looked at average that over time in terms of capital spending.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. I mean without getting into the numbers, they came down a little bit in the fourth quarter. We're going into heavy maintenance outage season, first quarter for sure but in the second quarter. So we'll look at inventories and make sure that we are at an appropriate level to support our outages. So -- but I don't expect a lot of movement.
Tim Nicholls: I mean we do see a modest recovery. I think we're looking at something in the neighborhood of maybe 1% absolute over the course of the year. So as we get out of the first quarter going into the latter part of the year, a pickup is anticipated but modest.
Tim Nicholls: Anthony, it's Tim. We said approximately $2.8 billion. It could be a little bit higher or a little bit lower is just a dynamic environment and we think it will be around that $2.8 billion level.
Tim Nicholls: No. I think it's OCC and virgin fiber, we're expecting to be down modestly. You've had a lot of transportation cost impact on -- really on both. But on virgin fiber and our inventories are in good shape. And so we think we have an opportunity to bring virgin wood cost down slightly as well.
Adam Josephson: Just couple of questions about your -- the assumptions embedded in your full year guidance. One on demand, I think, Tim, you mentioned you're thinking underlying box demand will be flattish sequentially 4Q to 1Q. Could you talk about what your expectations are thereafter? Just given the destocking that you talked about affecting the fourth quarter, one would think that demand would be getting better sequentially at some point over the course of 2023. So just wondering what exactly your expectations are beyond 1Q and for full year shipments '23 versus '22, if you're able to talk about that.
Adam Josephson: Got it. And on price, Tim, just given the lags you mentioned with respect to when the previously published price changes hit your P&L, is it reasonable to assume that your realized prices in Industrial Packaging will fall sequentially not only from 4Q to 1Q but also from 1Q to 2Q? I would assume so but I just want to confirm that.
Adam Josephson: Okay. And my last question is just if I think about the implied 1Q guidance, I think, around $530 million, maintenance will be higher by about $120 million compared to the latter 3 quarters. So if I take the $530 million, I'd go up to $650 all else equal, if you assume the last 3 quarters of that, you get to about $2.5 billion for the year. So obviously, there's additional improvement embedded in your guidance, I assume from higher realized pulp prices or otherwise. So you're assuming that even though prices in Industrial Packaging will likely be lower from 1Q to 2Q and thereafter. Is that -- I just want to make sure I'm clear on the moving parts from 1Q onward.
