John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody. During the next 15 to 20 minutes, Carol and I will review our third quarter results and performance of individual businesses, then I'll speak to our outlook and will open it up to your questions. So for the quarter, International Paper delivered record operating earnings of $471 million or $1.05 a share. That was driven by continued margin expansion and very solid operations around the world in our manufacturing businesses. In spite of much higher wood costs due to the wettest weather we've had in the Southeast in over 100 years, we've got meaningful improvement in our North American Industrial Packaging business, and also a price improvement as well in our North American Coated Board business. We also got some price improvements in pulp, although it started a little bit later in the quarter than we expected, but it's going to flow through into our fourth quarter. And we announced price increases in our North American paper business and expect to see implementation beginning in the fourth quarter. We successfully executed $80 million of outages and saw a very significant progress in the ramp-up of the new capacity and capabilities in our Ilim joint venture in 2 of the facilities where we made major capital investments. And finally, in the quarter, we had late-breaking favorable development on the tax front, which resulted in a one-time benefit of $30 million, reducing our tax rate to 24%. But even without that tax -- that tax adjustment, the third quarter, from an operating earnings standpoint, was an all-time record for International Paper. Free cash flow continues to be generated at solid levels, and we see good momentum going into 2014. The run rate free cash flow for the last 2 quarters, which Carol will talk about, was $1.8 billion. All in, another milestone quarter for International Paper, taking a big step on our journey to becoming a stronger and more valuable company that creates value for our customers and our investors. So let me just quickly go to the financial highlights on the next slide. Sales were up 6%. Margins expanded by 160 basis points. EBITDA improvement of 12% or $100 million, both quarter-over-quarter and year-over-year. And as I said, an all-time record even without the tax benefit. So with that, let me turn over to Carol to take a closer look at the quarter, and then I'll come back and talk about the outlook.
John V. Faraci: Thanks, Carol. First of all, I'd like to emphasize that while this was a record operating earnings and EBITDA quarter, we've still got additional upsides from here. We continue to build momentum and generating free cash flow in our EBITDA results, and have line of sight to the $5 billion plus EBITDA goal we talked to investors about 1.5 years ago. In the fourth quarter, as Carol said, we expect to realize the full benefits of the OCC's price increases announced in April and further price increases in North American Coated Paperboard, North American Papers, and Europe and Brazil Box businesses. We're also going to see some volume improvement in Brazil and some improvement in both our European and Brazilian Packaging businesses. Carol talked about the Courtland headwinds, about $40 million. But we like how this business is going to look in 2014 with the 4 mill system. Boxes -- Box volume will be lighter in North America because they've got 2 less shipping days. And wood costs are going to continue to be a headwind, but I'd say the Southeast is finally drying out and inventories are getting rebuilt. And we have slightly higher maintenance outages in the fourth quarter and expect tax rate to return to normal level. So what makes International Paper different and attractive? This last slide here, I'm on Slide 23, we have strong leading positions in our primary North American markets and the best margins, with further upside potential. We've got a global footprint in our key businesses with attractive growth potential, and we have the talent to lead the business and execute against our plans. We've transformed the company and strengthened our position in our core platform businesses. We continue to manage the portfolio aggressively and have more upside through optimization, repositioning of our North American Papers business and strategic investments like Ilim that are ramping up with a lot of upside. We've improved our free cash flow generation and have plans to grow and sustain it, which leaves us in a good cash position and able to return better-than-cost of capital returns. At the same time, through a balanced use of cash, we returned some of that cash to our share owners, as evidenced by last month's actions to both increase our dividend and authorize a share buyback program. So with that, I'll stop right there and open it up to your questions.
John V. Faraci: George, the only thing I'd add about Coated Board is we don't see -- we produce Coated Board in Poland and in Russia, and we don't see the Asian impact -- impacting those core markets for us. Most of it is staying somewhere in Asia. And if you just look at -- on our table, our Coated Board volume is up 48% year-over-year. Unfortunately, so are bunch of others. And that's -- that excess capacity situation has got to work through.
John V. Faraci: Mark, before I let Mark set and answer all those questions, we're not going to forecast market downtime. We don't do that.
John V. Faraci: Mark, when you look at box demand for the industry, relative to where we were prior to recession, we're still 5% or 6% below the 390 billion square feet that were shipped in 2007. Box demand is growing at GDP less a point, and that's where we kind of think it is. If we get 3% GDP growth, which we should get at some point in time. And we're going to get positive box demand, which is going to be a big tailwind.
John V. Faraci: And I'd say, just to that point, if you looked at the page that shows our shipments year-to-date by volume, even though box market is up 0.5% in the U.S. our shipments outside the us or outside shipments in U.S. and exports are up 5% in the first 9 months of the year.
John V. Faraci: Chip, regarding India. The quarter that you see on, what is it, Page 33, that's all about an annual outage at Rajahmundry. We would have to get into the recovery boiler and do a lot of work. We were down for almost 25 days in the quarter. And we had a -- frankly, we had a pretty good September. 20,000 of the 40,000 tons that we sold in the quarter were sold in September. And we're set up for a good fourth quarter. The issue that we have been fighting, and the industry has been fighting over there, wood cost had run up as some competitors have added a pulping capacity. So pricing has been chasing wood cost increases for the better part of the year. And we're finally, at this point, I would say, catching up. So we had a pretty good September, and we expect a much better fourth quarter.
John V. Faraci: Mark, I'd add just a comment out of capacity. I mean, our objective in all our businesses is to make what our customers require with a minimum amount of assets. So the fewer machines, fewer facilities, and so, we'll run our system as hard as we can. We're going to make the right products and only start up more capacity if we absolutely need it.
John V. Faraci: I can talk to that, Mark. What's happening is, you've got to remember, Europe is just coming out of a huge recession, so there's a lot of pressure on market demand. So it's more difficult with demand being negative year-over-year, certainly, in the Industrial segments, to get box prices up, as board prices are coming up. I think absent that, if we had a more normal economic environment, you'd see a quicker flow through.
John V. Faraci: So let me wrap up and say, it was a very good quarter for International Paper. We performed to record levels. We've got more to come in 2014. We're going to generate a lot of cash. We're going to use it in a balanced way that creates value for our shareholders. That's the story, and we'll be talking more about it as we revisit with you in -- for the fourth quarter in January. Thanks.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Sure, I will. The kind of the outlook, as we enter into the fourth quarter, in October, box demand is about where we thought it would be, still tracking kind of like the market tracks, just slightly positive. And for us, we were behind the industry numbers 300, 400 basis points early in the year. We've narrowed that to less than 100. In September, we were much less than 100 basis points behind. And that's what we're seeing going in the fourth quarter. So I think we don't anticipate any major changes in demand. On the other 2 channels to market for our Containerboard, the open market, domestic, of course, that reflects the U.S. Box business, and so that will track about the same. And the export market, we expect a normal fourth quarter seasonal demand pattern. With respect to your comment on the lack of order downtime, it was 70,000 tons. As you know, a very large system. And as we look at how the quarter unfolded in the third quarter, and we realized what orders we had and what basis weight and whether it's recycled and virgin, we made the paper we needed for the customer demand we had, as well as trying to position our inventories to the best way possible as we prepare for the beginning of next year and the maintenance outages we have. So with all those considerations, we come up with 70,000 tons of capacity we didn't need to employ.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Right. Thank you, John. Question #1. Yes, Q4 typically, I think, would be seasonally a little lighter in demand. And that's a general statement about the market, but in particular, about International Paper's segment mix. And as Carol mentioned, there's a couple less shipping days, which is not really a seasonality issue, but just a reality. We're going to make the board we need to make for the business we have in all 3 channels: the box business, the open-market here in the U.S., and the open-market globally. The price question around exiting in the high 40s, we will recover, as John said, more than the $50 increase, which is compensating for some of the waste you have in the convergent operations. And so as we sit here today, we're up $101 from last third quarter. And I think your $10 quarter-over-quarter is probably not a bad number.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I Oh, I'm sorry, your third question. Growth for next year. I was writing them down, and I didn't write that one down. Growth for next year, flat. I think when you look at the people who are developing forecast for box and looking at the macro indicators, there's a lot of energy around a slightly positive demand environment next year, maybe in 1.5%. And I think it's really going to be dependent on the U.S. economy. Box demand is going to track, nondurable is going to be a bit behind GDP. So as the consumer comes back in the market, we'll see good box demand. And hopefully, it's better than flat.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think we like where our inventories are right now, from the standpoint of operating our large system at the lowest possible cost. We had to prepare for some of the outages we have coming up, maintenance outages at the beginning of next year. And I think inventories are in good shape from the quality of inventory and returns. And we will operate our system, really, to the demand for our business, and not anticipate the need to build any inventory.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think all that depends on the demand profile. But I think the point in all of that is we have opportunities for very low cost to make more containerboard if we have the demand for it. And as we prepare in the future for how we view our current offtake agreements with the mills we had to divest. So all of that will play into a decision we make on capacity. It's out there if we need it and it's low cost.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I wouldn't -- Phil, this is Mark. I would say, it really evolves through the quarter as we look at the actual demand from all 3 channels that we send Containerboard through and the inventory that we need. And inventory is not inventory. There's recycle, there's virgin, there's heavyweight, lightweight. And knowing what our seasonal demand is going to be for the upcoming few months, all weighs into it to -- the science behind it is balancing that system and making the board at the lowest possible marginal cost. So it's not a wait and see what happens and slam it in at the end. It's an organized process to really make our product at the lowest marginal cost.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Okay, Gail, and this is Mark. On inventory, and I can only speak for International Paper on the inventory front. And for us, it was just running our business for, as I said, balancing the near-term needs and making sure we have the lowest possible supply chain cost as we go into what we know is going to be a maintenance outage season. And quite honestly, we weren't as prepared in this past first quarter and second quarter as we would have liked to have been, and we spent some money. We don't want to do that again. So for us, it was about really having our system be the most efficient, from a service platform and the cost standpoint. From the rest of the industry, I think every company, obviously, has its own issues with how they view inventory. On capacity, we are seeing, as everyone has recognized, some new capacity coming in the market. We haven't seen any, I would say, direct impact. But I think the -- the thing that will unfold over time is some of this product will probably find a home in certain segments, and then the secondary impact would be that we may see some additional suppliers showing up in some of the export markets. But so far, I think the new capacity coming on, it's not all the same type of product, and it's not all completely applicable to every segment we compete in. So we're monitoring that like we would in any other business issue.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So just to remind you, the offtake agreement is going for 3 years and there's a decreasing step down. So it's going to, over time, have an effect, but we don't expect any sharp effect. We've got to manage that as part of our supply chain, and it's a -- in the first year, and even in the second year, it's a pretty big part of our supply chain. So I would say, it has a sort of effect to the plan. And we've organized that step-down so that it works for us and our customers and our supply chain.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think, we -- Carol mentioned it in her comments, that's one of the options we have for some very low-cost capacity that is available for us, if we need it. And we look at the whole system, Mark. And based on that and our demand of our customers, we'll decide what type of products we actually need to make. Because as you know, every Containerboard mill is not the same. And so we haven't -- we're not prepared to talk about an estimate or anything, what it would take, capital-wise, to change the great output of that machine. But rest assured, all of that is in our consideration. But the main thing is, we'll bring capacity on if need it for the demand of our customers and for improving and getting at this optimization that Carol talked about in this new Industrial Packaging system.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Tom Kadien here. On the Asia Boxboard, we really haven't seen a lot of impact here in North America. Where we see the impact is in the global export markets, where pricing has come down. We are largely out of most of those difficult market segments, and it really hasn't had a big impact on us in North America at all. On the move from foam to paper, we're the largest cups stock producer in North America, out of 2 of our Bleached Board mills. And we've got push in about a 50% market share there. So if we've got our normal share, that would be 50%. We expect we'll do better than that. And we're also the largest supplier of paper cups and lids to the quick service restaurant and coffee segment. And we think we'll do better than our share there as well, as we have been over the last couple of years.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: I would say, it's kind of moving along on the bottom. It hasn't gotten materially worse. Pricing is about where it was. We're starting to see some of the high-cost capacity come out and be shut down, at least temporarily. So I would say that's offering a bit of an offset to some of the new capacity that's come online. But I would call it kind of bouncing along the bottom. And demand is actually getting a little bit better over there in Asia right now. So we're seeing that, as well as we're seeing some mixed improvement for ourselves.
Thomas Gustave Kadien: Yes. We're running at about 500 tons a day in the Rajahmundry pulp mill. We have capacity to do more than that. And we're, frankly, waiting on consents from the government to allow us to do that. So we've got some upside on cost, as well as productivity that we're just waiting on. We hope that to come through by the end of the year.
Carol L. Roberts: And one more part to add to that is, we did care about global demand for boxes. So with global demand up 3% to 4%, we all know there's a part of that segment, global segment, that we get to participate in. Specifically for International Paper, exports are very strategic. For the industry, they're strategic. So if you think about that, that could add another 0.5 point to 7/10 of a point of growth in North America.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, as we said, we've got authorized $1.5 billion share buyback that we said was a 2- to 3-year program. And so we'll continue to monitor our options, but we'll probably stick to that path of that $1.5billion, 2 to 3 years. So you kind of do the math on that.
Carol L. Roberts: Well, Phil, you make a great point. I think $1.8 billion is a good number. And if the working capital headwinds, because we're raising prices and expanding margins, I think we'll take those headwinds all day long. So it's hard to speculate on what next year might bring. And yes, this year, the headwind, the sales are up and -- because pricing is up. So that has been be a headwind that will level out. But I think $1.8 billion is kind of a good normalized level for where we're operating today, and we think it should go up from there.
Carol L. Roberts: No, I wouldn't speculate on where the working capital will go in the fourth quarter. There's so many moving parts to that. And there's also a piece of working capital that's at corporate, that -- accruals and other things that aren't directly tied to ops. So I think we'll see where the fourth quarter comes out, but it should be helpful.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Gail, that's illustrated. So 100 basis points equates to about that. And interest rates over the last few days have come down a little bit, so going the other direction. And if you look at that total accounting, funding, we do that at the end of the year, and it's a combination of how did our assets performed versus what's the liability math tell us. But directionally, it should be moving in the right direction for us. So it should be better at the end of this year than it was at the end of last year, unless something changes dramatically between now and year end.
Carol L. Roberts: No, I couldn't. Because I'd have to be trying to predict what asset is going to do between now and the end of the year, and where are interest rates between now and the end of the year. And that would be -- if I could do that, I'd probably be doing something else.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes, Chip. Those are good questions. You're right. The math on your first part is if the 100 basis points stays in the market, it stays around where it is, there's going to be a significant reduction in the unfunded liability. And what you said is very accurate. So you're right also, relative to accounting versus funding. There are 2 different completely different sets of math. And from the funding, the 2014 funding and the '15, because there's a smoothing element to that, those are pretty well, I would say, locked in. The thing that could change that would be policy in D.C.. Law changes could change that, and that happened a couple of years ago. It could happen again, but not saying that or speculating. But the first 2 years, '14, '15 are locked in. Where a higher interest rate would help us, is -- you're also correct that it would start to feather in to what we would have to put into plan in the '16 to '17 timeframe. And it would reduce any money that we might have to put in there. So net-net, higher interest rates would be great. It would help us on the accounting and ultimately, it would support us on the funding as well.
Carol L. Roberts: What those -- to add also to that, John is exactly right. It does ebb and flow there. So if you look at the margins as an independent converter in Europe, there's -- kind of go up and down a little bit. But we feel pretty confident that as board goes up, ultimately, box prices will go up as well. And we're just in the trough part of that. We hit the trough part of that in the third quarter.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Phil, it's Tim Nichols. We're going to update that as we go. I think the important point to make here is the process is well underway. We're trying to do it at the lowest possible cost. We'll have 2 machines down in the middle of November. When we announced, we said the other 2 would come down by the end of the first quarter. We now had moved that up to mid-quarter, and the goal is to keep pulling that forward as rapidly as we can. Part of what we're doing is we're working through qualifications in other facilities for various products and customers. So you can think of the first 2 machines, that capacity coming out fairly quickly. You can think about the machine time used on the other 2 machines as being to do 2 things. One, cover for those qualifications. And number two, to help us build some inventory around unique products, like our colors, uncoated free sheet, where we need to build a little bit of inventory to manage the transition. So those machines are not fully available for current customer demand.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes, it's Tim Nicholls. I'll talk about Brazil, and then turn it over to Tom for India. In Brazil, we've been squeezed this year. OCC has gone up dramatically, not precedent setting because we've seen this kind of cycles before. But we step into the operation right as OCC was taking off, and we saw our margin squeeze. So we've seen the worst of it. I expect margins to improve quite dramatically as we go into the fourth quarter. And I think the business has done a nice good job recovering price to cover the OCC increase. So we're still going to like the business a lot. We have no change in view on what we think the margin potential is. We -- even in a slower economic year, we still feel good about the growth this year going into next year. So it's unfortunate that we have margin compression, but I think we're on the road to recovery.
Timothy S. Nicholls: It's Tim, Mark. The way I would say it is this. We operate a system, and we have a mix of customers that we use the system to support. We had grown exports, we had grown some marginally profitable tons to fill up machine time over the past couple of years. And as we looked at the system that we had, we said, we can run a smaller system and do it better. So we're not going to forecast what earnings are going to be, but you can be assured that we look at the economics of we were going to run a system, and we have, in the 4 mills, a low-cost commodity set of assets. And even with [indiscernible] and Georgetown for they products they produce. We have a very low-cost system for specialty and value-added. So it's a combination of getting the right amount of capacity for the business that we want for the long-term, and not -- and from a capital allocation standpoint, keep investing in a system that sized larger than we need.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, it's a great question, Mark. And the way we think about these options is based on the dynamics of the business. We view the uncoated freesheet markets around the world as very much regional markets. They have regional supply demand dynamics and margin dynamics. And so part of the complication around -- and we see this in Brazil, as we've told everyone. We're trying to grow into the region as fast as possible. Supply chains are long, you tie up cash and inventory, you have FX exposures. And depending on where you're planning to supply, you have different environmental certifications and forestry certifications that are required. So it's very hard to supply from one region of the world to the other for the long term. So it will be made on a case-by-case basis, region-by-region.
Timothy S. Nicholls: So it's like what we said when we acquired the business. We think it could be solidly the mid-20s. So our view on margin opportunity has not changed, Mark.
