John V. Faraci: Thanks, Jay, and good morning, everybody and thanks for dialing in. Let me go over the format that we're going to follow this morning. First, I'll review our full year 2013 results. And then turn it over to Carol Roberts to speak to the fourth quarter. And she'll cover the performance of the individual businesses. Then we'll cover the first quarter, as well as the 2014 outlook. And as we usually do, we'll open up for your questions. So I'll start with the full year. For the full year, International Paper achieved record operating earnings of $1.4 billion, as well as record cash from operations of $3 billion, driven by margin expansion across many of our businesses. EBITDA increased from $3.7 billion in 2012 to $4.1 billion in 2013 and EBITDA margins across the enterprise increased by 80 basis points. This drove strong free cash flow of $1.8 billion, which enabled us to return $1 billion of value to shareowners through dividends and share buybacks and strengthen our already strong balance sheet by paying down an additional $650 million in debt. We had solid operational performance across our key businesses. Additionally, we saw good progress in the ramp-ups at Ilim by the end of the year. We'll talk about that a little bit more. For the full year, however, though, higher cost of the startups of the projects and the devaluation of the Russian ruble on the JV's U.S.-denominated debt significantly impact the joint venture's year-over-year results. We spent a good portion of last year working hard on the opportunity to spin and merge xpedx with Unisource. And as I think most of you know, last week, we announced that we signed a definitive agreement with Unisource and Bain Capital and expect to -- that deal to close this summer. We'll also talk more about that a bit later. So as we look back on 2013 for International Paper, I'm very pleased with our progress and the results, which did result in us exceeding our cost of capital for the fourth consecutive year. Moving to our financial snapshot. I'm now on Slide 6. Revenue was up 4%, despite, I'd say, a challenging economic environment around the world. EBIT was up $400 million year-over-year and EPS increased by 19% to $3.16 a share. And as you can see on the slide, we had a significant increase in free cash flow year-over-year, up $200 million from $1.6 billion to $1.8 billion. This next slide shows our history of return on invested capital. And as I said, this is the fourth year in a row of returns above our cost of capital. Turning to Slide 8. International Paper's cash flow story and our free cash flow of $1.8 billion continued a strong trend of free cash flow results since 2008. I think its evidence that the company's results are less cyclical than they've been historically. And as we look to the future, we remain confident in the sustainable nature of our strong free cash flow. We also believe we can continue to grow it over time. Carol is going to cover the fourth quarter, but I'd say that we finished the year in terms of very strong free cash flow, almost $600 million in the fourth quarter, which is a run rate well in excess of $2 billion. So turning to uses of cash, which we talk a lot about and all of you have an interest in. We've done what we said we would do. In 2013, we returned $1 billion to shareowners. In September, we increased the dividend for the second time since outlining our dividend policy in 2012. We also obtained authorization from our board to buy back $1.5 billion of stock. And as of yesterday, we purchased roughly $530 million of -- at an average price of just over $45 a share. We are taking advantage of the opportunity to buy back shares at prices we feel are below the intrinsic value of International Paper. And you can see the other major uses of cash that are consistent with our capital allocation strategy, which we shared with you. So with that as a summary of 2013, I'll turn it over to Carol.
John V. Faraci: Okay, Carol, thanks. Let's turn our attention now looking forward to 2014 and the bigger global picture. I'm on Slide 28, the map. This slide shows the most current collective outside view of year-over-year changes in GDP in the major regions around the world that we operate. So sitting here early in the year, recognizing it's early, the macro environment from my perspective actually looks and feels somewhat better than it is as we exited 2013. Demand is modestly better, although it's hard to see, given the recent widespread weather disruptions in North America that Carol talked about. So the bottom line as we look forward to 2014, we're not counting on a lot of help from North America or global economies, but we see global group GDP inching up. If North American global GDP and demand are better, that's a good strong tailwind for us. But internally, I think this is important, we have many levers to pull, which are within our control, which will meaningfully impact results this year. And I'd like to highlight a couple of them. In North America, we have a large opportunity within our Industrial Packaging business for optimization. In Industrial Packaging, we've been very busy integrating 2 large acquisitions over the last 5 years and we haven't had a chance to optimize the combined business, which has grown from $4 billion to over $12 billion. The optimization opportunities are significant. They're around system integration, commercial and portfolio decisions, cost-reduction opportunities that are unique to International Paper because of these 2 acquisitions and best practices sharing. There's a significant opportunity with the emerging trend in our Coated Paperboard business and Foodservice for customers to move away from foam cups to paper cups. Companies like McDonald's have already made that decision. That's going to benefit our Foodservice business and our Coated Paperboard paper business. We talked a lot about Courtland, and the repositioning of the papers business is well underway. The end result, when we get to the back end of next year, is a smaller, a better and more cost-efficient footprint for our Printing Paper business in North America. Outside North America, we have projects at Ilim and synergy opportunities at Orsa that we didn't get in 2013 at the Brazil packaging business. At Kwidzyn, Poland, we're completing -- we'll complete it this quarter a coated paperboard project that will enable IP to enhance and improve our product offering to customers and expand our margins at one of our best facilities in the world. So a lot of things that we've got going on internally that are independent of the macro environment. So let me move to the next slide here and just give kind of a high-level financial outlook for 2014. Overall, we expect another meaningful increase in EBITDA results of roughly 10% in 2014 over 2013. As a result, free cash flow generation should approach $2 billion. This will enable International Paper to return a significant amount of cash to shareowners through our recently increased dividend and the share buyback program, which we have underway. We've been very active and opportunistic. As we've previously highlighted, we'll continue to have more runway with the dividend as we generate these results, and we'll be evaluating our dividend as the year progresses. We'll also make a contribution to pension fund of approximately $450 million. And we'll continue to evaluate investment opportunities that have the potential to create significant value for our shareowners. With the expected proceeds from the xpedx spend, our cash position is strong as is the outlook. So let me wrap up things and then we'll open up for questions. As Carol said -- I'm on the picture now that shows the -- an interstate highway in Atlanta, I think, a week ago. January and the first couple of days of February have been a challenge. And I think this picture sums it up. We've got a temporary hiccup in terms of higher costs, lost production, lost sales. But importantly, the truck there isn't upside down, it's just sideways. So I think we're going to get beyond this, and 2014 certainly looks like a significantly better year for International Paper on top of a good year -- good solid year in 2013, even with January hopefully behind us. So in summary, 2013 was a strong year progress results for IP, we move into '14 with a lot of internal initiatives. We expect solid growth and EBITDA and free cash flow and EPS for the year. I think IP is better positioned than ever to achieve the results that, frankly, should be records for -- on a number of fronts. And in 2014, we're going to take another significant step toward our near-term goal of achieving over $5 billion of EBITDA, $2.2 billion free cash flow. So with that, operator, I'll turn it back to you and we'll open the line for questions.
John V. Faraci: Let's say that looking at the GDP numbers, if we get a continuation of what we saw in the third and fourth quarter, we're going to have a positive, better box demand market than we had last year, which is basically flat. If we're at 3% GDP, we're not going to have a flat box market like we saw in 2013. So I think that's reason to be quite positive on how the year is going to play out. I mean, it's early on, but the macro data is not blowing out but it's incrementally better.
John V. Faraci: And very different situation running a $12 billion business versus a $4 billion business with the number of facilities, the segments we've got, the options we have and not a lot of that stuff is going to be big capital project related. So we're pretty positive that we got a lot of opportunity to mine here over the next couple of years.
John V. Faraci: I'd say Gail, I'll let Tom Kadien comment. Both India and China feel like they -- in China's case, the car was driving 80 miles an hour, now it's 60 miles an hour. It feels slower but it's still pretty fast growth. And India is probably the same thing from a -- at a slightly lower number. But they're still large markets that are going to grow and their economies are growing, but at a slower rate than they were in 2012 and '13.
John V. Faraci: If you think about that 4% growth, that's -- on a 40 million ton market, that's 1.6 million tons of boxes a year. And if you do the math, it's a lot of volume.
John V. Faraci: I think the spike we saw, Gail, is all weather related. It was mostly on hardwood, not in pine, which is where the OSB stuff is going to show up. And it's amazing with no tropical storms or hurricanes hitting the East Coast -- I think I got this right, Virginia, North Carolina, South Carolina had the highest rainfall in over 100 years. And we have a lot of mills running along that coast that got impacted, Riegelwood, Georgetown, Eastover, Augusta, Savannah. So we see it as temporary. It's going to take a while to work that down, but it's -- I think it's peaked.
John V. Faraci: Well, let me give you a couple of numbers, Mark, kind of put that into perspective because yes, it did go a little slower than we thought. But this is the project that, first of all, is done. It's completed. That's a milestone because projects like this in that part of the world always don't get completed. And we made 66,000 tons in the third quarter, 105,000 tons in the fourth quarter. And in January, we produced 36,000 tons, which -- that run rate is twice what the fourth quarter was. So we're starting to come up pretty quickly. We're probably a quarter behind in terms of -- but that's behind us, I'm looking ahead. And with the progress we made in January both on the volume side, the quality side and the cost side, there's a lot of positive runway there. But it's -- they were complicated projects, Mark. Operating in Siberia in the winter with the number of people we had to mobilize and the number of project management people we have from around the world cycling in and out in a very tough environment wasn't easy. But with our partner -- we could have done it without a partner. We proved we could do it. And then Koryazhma, I'd say that's a different story. We're -- in January, we were on the CIP, that's our capital project run rate of 200,000 tons. So we're right there in terms of uncoated freesheet production. And we're already -- I think we've made 700 tons of coated papers. So when that project is fully balanced out, we'd have 130,000 tons of uncoated freesheet and 70,000 tons of coated paper. But that's running -- that's the machine we moved from Scotland from Inverurie. That's running at its capacity already. Now we got to optimize the cost and get the quality and all that stuff down. But we're qualified on branded cut-size.
John V. Faraci: We do not get -- try to forecast prices here because we can't and we shouldn't. So I'd say, we've got some price increase momentum that's been talked about, as we've mentioned taking the questions, going through the presentation. So we feel pretty good that we've got a line of sight to that kind of increase with plans we have in place.
John V. Faraci: So we do have higher hurdle rates when we're investing in parts of the world that are outside the developed markets. And we're not going to make investments unless they meet our hurdle rates. So we're disciplined about that.
John V. Faraci: And I guess, as I -- just thinking about your comment about investments outside North America, our biggest investments are in Brazil and Russia. Brazil's got 30% EBITDA margins. We've had 2 years of consecutive EBITDA improvement. We're generating a lot of cash. We had some currency headwinds down there when the real was strengthening, which were hurting our returns, but now our returns are getting better. We've got a great market position in that part of the world. So we're very pleased with our investment in Brazil. We'll get the Packaging business right. And in Russia, which is probably our second largest offshore investment, IP Russia, which is our paper business, is well above cost of capital returns, well above our hurdle rate. And we think Ilim is going to turn out to be a fabulous investment now that we've got this big capital projects behind us. So we've got some challenges in India and China, no question about it, for different reasons. But where our big offshore investments are -- and I haven't even talked about Europe, our paper business in Europe continues to perform very well and returning well above cost of capital returns. So I don't really see it that we've had -- we've struggled with the emerging market investment.
John V. Faraci: Well, the project at Kwidzyn, George, is really about making a higher-end grade of coated paperboard. We'll make a little more volume, but basically, we'll move up the quality scale and be -- compete in some segments that are growing segments in Europe. And Kwidzyn is one of our crown jewels. It's one of the best mills we have in the world. We're making great returns there. And we want to keep that facility kind of at the forefront. And it makes uncoated freesheet, also makes coated paperboard. Just to comment about APPM. We knew when we bought APPM, we paid a full price and it was really kind of the price you had to pay to get into the market to learn the market and figure out whether International Paper could be successful there, both in paper and maybe eventually in packaging. And we just -- so that premium price was really expressed as goodwill, and we came to the conclusion that the proper thing to do is write it off, but we knew we paid that premium when we bought it.
Timothy S. Nicholls: The first price increase, it was not on 100% of the volume. There were some branded products that were not included, but it was a solid 80-plus percent of our capacity product lines. And in the month of January, we have completed implementation of that increase. So it was a little bit -- through the fourth quarter, price increase and the numbers that we're showing also include the export impact, which was down in the quarter. But in North America, we saw prices move up 20 through the quarter. And then for the month of January, we completed the increase.
Timothy S. Nicholls: 100%. And so on the March increase, we're up $70 on all of our commodity grades and $40 on branded products...
Timothy S. Nicholls: Well, we announced capacity and we're shutting down 765,000 tons of uncoated freesheet capacity out of Courtland. And at this point, all the machines are down. So there was close to 1 million tons total, including coated. There's basis weight changes. There's a number of puts and takes. But it's going to be in that 750,000 ton range.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Yes. We feel like we had a full realization, Mark. We -- as I was saying, we had about $20 in the quarter but we finished up the rest of the implementation in January. So as we exit January on the $60 increase from last year, we felt like we had a full realization.
Timothy S. Nicholls: Mark, it's Tim. Part of the problem was we got hit with some onetime accounting charges at the end of the quarter. The underlying business we saw improve, the first couple of months of the quarter, our margins had moved back up into the mid-teens, 16%, 17%. And then we had a bit part of that wiped out in the last month of the quarter. My view is we still have a business that can earn in the mid-20s. And we'll see a meaningful change in performance this year. Part of what we dealt with last year, we got squeezed on OCC. We've now caught up to that on the price side. And quite frankly, we found out that we had to spend more on maintenance in some of the facilities than we thought we were going to have to. We think we've got that mostly behind us now, too. So price has moved in the right direction. Volume has moved in the right direction, and I think we'll run better. We've gotten these onetime accounting charges behind us. So I think 2014 will see a meaningful improvement.
Timothy S. Nicholls: I don't think it's going to take a whole lot of capital. The capital that we're spending is on smaller items. It's about automation in some facilities. It's about getting -- quite frankly, getting people out of facilities. They've thrown a lot of labor at the operations for a long time. So in terms of the forecast on when we get to the mid-20s, there's a lot of puts and takes there. I think we'll be -- we'll take a meaningful step towards that this year, and we'll see what 2015 brings.
Timothy S. Nicholls: This is Tim. Yes, I think there is reason to believe it might be stronger. Most of the forecasts that are out there are still between 3% and 4%, but I think they'll be updating it based on how last year ended. There's probably a little bit of pull-forward in December. But if you look at the underlying economy, we see an increase in white-collar workers. We also see an increase in consumption of paper per white-collar worker. It had been on kind of a downward trend and as you look at 2013, it leveled out, maybe even ticked up a little bit. Commercial print indices were up. Even mill volume last year performed better than expected. So if the economy continues to improve, I believe that there is potentially a modest help on the demand decline for this year.
Mark Stephan Sutton: This is Mark Sutton. On the demand question. You're right, the weather interruptions kind of masked what we're seeing. But I'll tell you, before we got into the weather, we were pleased with the way the volume profile was developing in the U.S. box business. And actually, after the first weather event, we were headed toward offsetting that. The second round of activity is, as Carol described earlier, we're just not sure about. But it will be a temporary issue. We'll put it behind us. But when we looked at our fourth quarter and we looked at the way December unfolded for us and for the market, we're actually on the positive side of sentiment for volume. And as you know, and you can look at the numbers that we put in the appendix charts, there is a seasonality to the market demand. There's also a seasonality, obviously, to International Paper's demand. There's also a seasonality to our capacity that we create by managing our maintenance outages. So we really need to run our system very well through the first couple of quarters of this year, given the amount of maintenance outages and other planned activities we have. So we have really have to execute very well going forward.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Mark, we have talked before around the optimization that John referenced, at least the initial line of sight, to being $200 million. And we said as we entered '14 that would be a multiyear program. And we think a big portion of that, we think, we'll be able to realize in the coming couple of years. However, we're not done looking, and optimization is a general term. But it really is about making this business the best it can be and helping all components of the business reach its potential. And we're still discovering new opportunities, as John said, now that we're finished with the integration and synergy -- early synergy acquisition activities.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Alex, our inventories through the fourth quarter trended down, which is what we planned for. It's very difficult to forecast customer demand too far out, given the nature of our customers' business, so a lot of just-in-time. But we believe we're set up well for what we need in the first quarter from a demand standpoint but also, referencing my earlier comment, from our own supply profile, given our annual outages start in the first and second quarter. So we feel real good about our inventory levels. It's something we manage very closely. We've got a lot of new tools to be able to do it now that our recently acquired mills that we got from Temple are all on the same supply chain system as the other legacy mills. And so we're really starting to work at optimizing that. But we feel good about the inventory we have. We're going to make the board that we need for the customer demand we have and the service level we need to provide.
Mark Stephan Sutton: So Anthony, on the first question, I think we have really ended the shed of business that was related to acquiring and integrating Temple. And as Carol mentioned, we've really pretty much closed the gap with our performance versus the market, which was an objective of ours, and we saw progress throughout the year. On the 40,000 tons in January, a portion of that is probably going to come back. It's hard to tell how much because of the segments that you would say demand wouldn't get destroyed, it's just delayed. But for example, if it was demand in the restaurant industry and people couldn't get to a restaurant to go out to eat because of the roads or weather, it's up in the air whether they go out to eat twice later. So we're going to track it closely. But I think it'll be a mix of maybe lost demand and demand that comes back.
Mark Stephan Sutton: I think, Al, on the assumption that volume stays flat, which we don't believe that's the long-term trend. But on that assumption, if you look at our current capacity footprint in containerboard and the seasonality that we described both on the demand side and the supply side, we like the footprint we have. You got to remember a couple of things. Every mill is not created equal. So some mills make linerboards, some make medium, some make both. There are lightweight and heavyweight products. And so a mix of recycled mills and virgin mills in our fleet allow us to flex our capacity in a pretty cost-effective way. And I think for the box system, we've done a number of rationalizations. There's still more to do that will fall under the category of optimization. But we like the North American box footprint we have. And I'll remind you that we have a multichannel strategy in our business. The North American box business that we own and operate is very important. But we're also an important player in the open market with very good customers in the domestic open market. And we also have a very meaningful strategic long-term position in containerboard export markets throughout the world. And those work in unison to really optimize our revenue line and our EBITDA margins, and we'll continue to do that.
Mark Stephan Sutton: Al, I think volume definitely helps. If saw north of 1% it allows you to do some of the optimization activities maybe a little quicker. But when we talk about optimization, John mentioned that we're talking really about improving what we have that's unique to IP. So it's a mix of commercial activities, service offerings and, of course, on the cost side. Volume would definitely help give you a firmer foundation to work on that. But one thing that I did neglect to mention in your first question around the capacity is that we are still, as you know, buying a certain amount of containerboard from the 3 mills that we divested. And obviously, as we can see our way to make some of that board ourselves, we recapture that margin as well. So that's got to play out as we think about what our real permanent long-term capacity footprint is going to look like.
Carol L. Roberts: Alex, this is Carol. We'll put it in throughout the year, it won't go in all at one time and it will pretty much meter in fairly evenly throughout the year.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. So on the special items, we did take a charge. We wrote off the goodwill that we had in India. And so that's pretty straightforward. And then we had a small business in the box business over there that we closed. It wasn't corrugated, it was another packaging business that just was eluding money and not productive, so we took that down.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. I normally wouldn't comment on that, but it is depreciated pretty significantly through the month of January. So since we're on the call, I thought I would take an opportunity to point that out. You need to take a look at that as the quarter progresses.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. This is Carol. Actually, if we just -- if you look at Slide 30, we talked about input cost inflation in the $175 million to $200 million range for the full year. So we didn't really talk about it as stable. I think what we were -- maybe I'm not quite sure which part, but maybe referring to the fact that there's a spike in the first quarter on gas, and that will come back down to a more reasonable level. Now that's just input cost. We do have other inflation that happens. And then our goal is to have our initiative to offset that type of inflation through our productivity initiative that we have across the company.
Carol L. Roberts: Yes. I think it's a combination. It's definitely natural gas. Natural gas is probably a good $20 million of that, maybe 20 plus. I mean, the gas, it's spiked and it's staying off it, so the gas prices that we're seeing at least through February are much higher than what we had anticipated. Now natural gas responds pretty quickly, so it should get better. The other one is just the consumption in the mills of everything we use because it's been so cold. And we have had disruptions in operations. They're costly when that happens. So it's kind of a combination of all of the above. Volume being one piece.
