Mark Sutton: Gabe, I'll ask Jay Royalty to comment, but at a high level, looking at all the variables around demand and our recent capacity investments that I think I mentioned in my prepared remarks, we feel good about being able to make this change and continue to grow with the market. I mean, essentially, with this level of downturn, there's been somewhat of a reset and I think the market demand signal will engage again and we have options for future container board investments. So, Jay, I don't know if you want to add any commentary on how we're thinking about the near term ability to grow.
Mark Sutton: Yes. On the EMEA question, we like the business. We don't like the absolute performance, but we have doubled the earnings from ‘22 to ‘23 after they were hit so hard with high natural gas costs. And we've made some very successful single plan acquisitions over the last couple of years that's really built the density around the Madrid container board bill. So we view our Europe business as a regional strategy. It's mostly southern Europe. We think there's growth opportunity, but it's largely going to continue to come in that region. We think it has a long-term growth potential. It's a very attractive market. EBITDA margins to get good returns in Europe. George, remember, can be a bit lower than we're used to seeing in the U.S. because of the mill structure being mostly recycled. You have a lot less capital employed to generate the revenue line. So if you like 20% EBITDA margins here, low to mid-teens, get you the same return on invested capital. So it's a different capital structure. And we have $1.5 billion business for revenue basis there. So in the regions that we're in, we have pretty significant positions like the Iberian Peninsula, Morocco, we're a leader. We're significant in Italy and France. So I think long term, it fits IP and it gives us some growth factors in the packaging business that obviously is most of our company now.
Mark Sutton: Mike, I'll take the first part because I'm the one who said we didn't have any permanent closures on the horizon. I think what I said was we look at permanent closures around secular declines and we don't believe we have that. I think what's changed is the depth and duration of this downturn. It's not like anything we've seen since we built the industrial packaging business starting in the mid-2000s. And we also, and Jay mentioned this. We also have a long-term plan for that business and the kinds of containerboard we need to make for the future, in some cases, is different than the containerboard we make today. We invested in high-quality whitetop at our Riverdale Mill. That's a future-looking product that makes a bleached pulp container board, not using recycled. So high quality, we've got basis weight and high performance, lightweight needs that our system can't address today for the future. So I think part of what allowed us to make this decision is the depth of this downturn and the duration and the fact that we need, over time, to change our product offering that we make boxes out of. So we're taking this opportunity to do a reset and then we have to get the timing of any future investment right. But that's what's changed. We still believe in the long-term fundamentals, as Jay said, about growth. Two quarters ago, I would not have thought we were still in this type of demand environment taking this type of economic downtime.
Mark Sutton: That's a great question, Mike. As part of the cost takeout is something that no one's really had to do before, meaning we had four year high inflation that's gotten stuck into a lot of our inputs. So that becomes a, not just using less, but that becomes a real commercial challenge just like with our customers on the sales side. In our global sourcing world, no one wants to give back any of the pricing they were going to get through ‘21, ‘22 and early ‘23. So positioning ourselves as a large buyer of all of these inputs and to some extent having to play hardball and getting some of that cost out, we put everybody in the company on clear directions around what our EBITDA per ton needs to be to get the kind of margins that drive the kind of returns on invested capital. And what that does for us is we need to be here and we have a gap. So everybody has a role to play in closing that gap and the cost takeout of inputs especially and I'm including distribution and logistics and things that are at levels that we've never seen before and stubbornly staying at those levels. Can't cover all of that just with higher prices and revenue because you run into all these other strategic issues like substitutions. So we've got to work on all of it. But that's really the approach is to take out some of the things that have found their way in and have become a bit structural but do it in a very analytical and organized way and then divide and conquer so we can close the gap. Much of what we've had success, you mentioned Build a Better IP. That is a very focused, formal, initiative, unique to IP initiatives. They're not dependent on the market per se, but a very focused process. We plan on using that same process to continue. We won't name it and we won't call it and we probably won't report on it, but what you should hopefully see as analysts and investors on the call is improved earnings quarter after quarter after quarter. We're going to use that same rigorous approach. We have some outside help in setting it up. We're running it entirely in-house now and we plan on continuing to do that to get the cost takeout.
Mark Sutton: It's a great question, Phil. When we put out the announcement to notify publicly that we were moving to the kind of last phase, we have a multi-phase process like most public companies do, and it's a multiyear process for leadership succession, and CEO, but also senior leader succession. The board is working very hard, obviously, on the board and working with them to make the best possible selection for the next leader of IP from both our internal talent, as you said, we have tremendous talent in the company. But again, good governance and a best practice is also to look at exhaustively at outside talent. And one thing just to remember on it, we're making progress, but the board is not looking to replace me. They're looking to find the next leader for IP for the future. And we think about what the future holds with respect to technology, with respect to what's happening in markets, the changing workforce. We built a specification about the future, the leader we think we need for the future of the company, and that's what the board is laser focused on. They're working hard on it. They're doing a great job with it. And we will get to a point where when we have something to report, we will, but I think the process we're using, high likelihood we come out with a great choice for the next leader for IP. But that's really the focus and how we're approaching it from the process standpoint.
Mark Sutton: Thank you, operator. I want to thank everybody for your time today and for your interest in International Paper. I look forward, along with the leadership team, to updating you on our progress on our next call at the end of January. So have a great rest of the day. Thank you.
Jay Royalty: Sure. Good morning, Gabe. Thanks, Mark. First of all, our long-term view of demand has not changed. So this was more about kind of how we see the near term and options we have. If you think about where we are, we've been matching our supply to our customer's demand and running the system as effectively as we can for quite a while now. And all along that way, we've been evaluating our options and trying to develop an informed point of view on a couple of things. One is demand and the shape of the recovery. And secondly would be where do we think the market is headed and what capabilities do we need for the future? And both of those factors influenced our decision to reset the mill system, as Mark said. We have a large low-cost fleet with tremendous flexibility and capability. And so when you think about that, we're able to close Orange without compromising our ability to serve customers and we have what we need for the short term and midterm. When you think about the amount of EDT we were taking and even with this closure, we still have room to grow. And then when we think about the future, we do have options to grow in the right product ranges at the right time. And as you heard, this move in the near term allows us to run the system in a more optimized way. And all in lowers our cost structure by about $140 million.
Jay Royalty: Hey Mark, good morning, this is Jay. So we're working through the early stages of the transition and obviously there's a winddown that is underway as we speak. It's not down at this point. We do have to transition business and transition customers and work through all of the dynamics, but it did all of that will be complete in the fourth quarter. So we would expect to see that type of EBITDA impact fully recognized in 2024.
Jay Royalty: Sure, Mark. This is Jay again. And if you go back to the last call, we spoke about starting to see some improvement in the export markets. And that definitely continued in the third quarter. So when you think about the major markets, we serve Latin America, Europe, Asia. We've seen inventories normalize in all of those markets at this point and we see demand continue to improve. Latin America continues to be very solid as we sell in the second quarter and that's being driven by bananas and pineapples, melons, these types of products. So very resilient. Europe, we saw a shift in a positive direction in the third quarter, rebounding. And that's been a fruit and vegetable driven as well, really in anticipation of a much better agricultural season beginning in early ‘24, late ‘23, early ‘24 versus last year. Asia is the market that continues to lag a bit but we're seeing recovery there as well. And so when you look at all of that and look through the fourth quarter, we see strong quarter bucks all the way through the end of the year. So we believe we've seen demand bottom and the outlook is certainly more encouraging.
Jay Royalty: Yes, I mean you have to see demand improvement to see the market turn. We're seeing that. There still is a supply demand imbalance, but that's shifting both because of actions that are being taken on the supply side as you know about and also this demand improvement. So at this point, we're as I said, we think we've seen demand bottom, the outlook's more encouraging. We'll see where it goes from here.
Jay Royalty: Hey, Mike. This is Jay. We've made this announcement. We came to it through a very thorough and extensive evaluation of both the commercial side as well as our fleet and capabilities. We're very comfortable with the decision that we've made and how it sets us up for the future. We still have room to grow and we're in this business to win and to grow, and the system that we will have moved forward will enable us to do that.
Jay Royalty: Hey, Phil. This is Jay Royalty. Your math is good that's how the math works but we are in a transitional situation and I think you've heard both Tom and I talk about the improving demand trajectory so obviously with this move it still leaves us some flexibility, it still leaves us some room. We won't change anything about how we're operating to make the cost of that flexibility to minimize the cost of that flexibility but as we get our commercial analysis and we work very closely together on this in terms of the outlook. We're very comfortable that our commercial plans and our commercial execution of what we're doing, what Tom's doing in the box business and what we're doing in the containerboard business, that we need that flexibility and we need that capacity for how we see the future. So, that's where we are.
Jay Royalty: The $140 million is the number that we've put out there in terms of the EBITDA impact, but yes, there would be further benefit from taking up that economic downtime or eliminating that economic downtime.
Jay Royalty: Yes, so this is Jay Royalty. So there's clearly costs there that the containerboard business has to bear as a consequence of that move. Just putting a little perspective on how we think about Pensacola. Pensacola is a unique asset within our portfolio. It's globally competitive, lightweight, craft liner, really serving all the channels, both domestic export and as well as NAC. And if you think about the grade range that we have there, it goes from about 20 pounds to the mid-30s, so definitely differentiated from a lightweight standpoint. If you look at it on a traditional cost curve, it's right in the middle of the pack, but that's not on a per ton basis, it's not really the right way to look at a mill like Pensacola. You have to look at it on an area basis, which is the way boxes are made and sold. And Pensacola is a very capable machine. It's a live machine. It's a well-equipped machine. It's got significant output, about 550,000 tons, which is significant, in particular, when you consider that basis weight. And the capabilities at Pensacola, from our perspective, really match where the market is heading. Demand is high and growing for these wider weight products. And also in the context of being a single machine mill, we have other mills that are single machine mills that are competitive and successful, and we expect Pensacola to be no different in that regard.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, Hey, Gabe. Yes. Good morning, Gabe. It's Tim. So I think as you said, right around D&A and on a normalized basis, I think that's where we are for the foreseeable future. Some years higher, some years lower. We haven't finished our planning work for next year yet to have a specific thought about what the level will be there. So we'll complete that over the next month or so. And then in January, when we release, we'll have more to say about 2024 and how we're thinking about capital at that point.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, we showed it at the second quarter and then third quarter actuals, and now we've given a fourth quarter outlook. And but the short answer is there's no material change in any of the categories that we provided a full year, a full year outlook for. We're still solidly in the EBITDA range, right in line with capital and cash flow the same way.
Tim Nicholls: Yes, hey, George, it's Tim. So yes, I think generally speaking, you're in the zip code of how we're thinking about the fourth quarter. Of course, the IR team will talk you through all of the essentials and everything. But I think ballpark, it sounds like you're close. And with your –
Matthew McKellar: Hi, good morning. Thanks for taking my questions. It sounds like you're looking at opportunities to further optimize your cost structure in global cellulose fibers. Are you able to provide a bit more detail on what opportunities still exist there and whether you're maybe looking to either further capacity actions or capital investments that could drive stronger cost performance? And then when you think about what can drive you from your current run rate in that business to achieving above cost of capital returns, how do you think about the relative importance of optimizing that cost structure versus other factors like achieving more favorable production mix or driving stronger pricing? Thanks.
Matthew McKellar: Great, that's helpful, thanks very much. If you're sticking with Pensacola, I think you also produce containerboard at that site. How does taking capacity down in the pulp side affect the cost profile of that mill, if at all? Thanks.
Matthew McKellar: Great. Thanks for that detail. And then last one for me, and you touched on this as part of your response to Anthony's question, but last quarter you showed a slide that indicated where your customer inventories were versus target levels broken down by customer segment. And it sounds like destocking is generally run its course, but if you're to run that same analysis today, do you think all customer segments would show inventories at or below target levels? Are there any segments, particularly within North America here, where destocking could still be a factor in the fourth quarter? Thanks.
