Mark Sutton: Thank you, Tim for all the details and for walking us through the key earnings drivers. As we look ahead, I am very confident in our ability to grow our earnings in 2022. We anticipate a solid demand growth environment. We're positioned to operate with a fully optimized mill and box plant system as we exit the first quarter and our team is laser-focused on delivering $200 million to $225 million from our Build a Better IP initiative. We have a clear plan and we have a team in place to make it happen. With that operator, we're ready to take your questions.
Mark Sutton: Yes I think that's a great question Gabe. The results we posted in the fourth quarter, so I don't know what the market will be, but half of our sort of gap to what we think the market was like just given our participation rate in all the segments was really due to the -- our inability to service demand that was there related to the gyrations caused by the lack of containerboard from Prattville. And so, just practically speaking, what that means is we've got to source that board from another mill and it just so happens some of those other mills are in the most rail congested shipping lines. So getting it to the box plants in time to meet the order expectation by the customer was compromised. It's a different version of the same thing we struggled with after the winter storm and freeze earlier in the year, which took a number of -- took 150,000 tons offline for us just based on the geography of our plants. And the other half of what we think we missed relative to where the market might be is really just our own impact in our company and in our supply chain partners with labor around Omicron. Now, the good news, if there is good news in all of that is as we look at our key targeted customers and the customers we have large positions with, it doesn't appear that we're losing any share. What we have not been able to do and it's been consistent really since the second quarter, third -- the second quarter, when we were coming out of these production disruptions, we have not been able to enjoy some of the incremental growth. Everybody in the industry has been running relatively full out. So finding replacement packaging, if you don't have incremental capacity coming online, I think has been a challenge for a lot of customers. So, lack of ability to take advantage of incremental growth, so far has been where the damage has been limited to. And we're ready to be able to be in a position post the first quarter, when Prattville is fully back online, a big chunk of these outages are behind us. And our system can be optimized again, where we're shipping from the correct mill to the correct set of box plants, our costs will go down as well. And we should be in very good shape to take advantage of what the market has.
Mark Sutton: Thanks, George. Yes, the box plant question we do have other opportunities. There could be somewhere between three to five box plants geographically placed with the same set of economics of a market area where we are low on capacity and a customer list that wants to buy more from us and it's fully integrated with our mill system. That gives you a return in the 17% to 22%. So we think we've got several more 20% opportunities for new box plants and we've got many opportunities as I mentioned on our last call and at the last conference I spoke at that we have to put additional equipment inside of existing plants that have the physical room and space and are in the right market geographies. So when Tim talked about capital, expenditures moving up, most of that is for converting capability and capacity throughout the US box system. On the Europe question, the Europe returns are moving up. I think again, we got to look at the moment of extraordinarily high energy cost. Natural gas is at all-time highs. We don't think that will stay that way. We've got the normal lag in recovery of containerboard prices going up against box prices. That usually takes a couple of quarters. When you look at normalized energy, when you look at the value of integration from these small acquisitions we've made, the business is at a value-creating return level in the not-too-distant future. So with one large mill and it being 100% on purchased power because it's recycled, that natural gas phenomenon, if you're following it in Europe is a huge blow to the profitability. But it's a moment in time. It's not a – we don't believe it's a permanent issue. 
Mark Sutton: Yes, it's a great question, Anthony. I think the inventory – this is the IP perspective and it may be what others are saying as well, the absolute number is less important right now versus where it is and how fast or slow the supply chain is moving. So we have struggled with having not enough inventory, regardless of what the absolute number might be to really take advantage of sourcing our box plants with board through most of 2021. It started back in February, March and we never really were able to catch up because demand kept accelerating. So we think we've got inventory as we enter 2022 in a much better position. It's not all in the right place. Our experience is also that our box plants still don't have everything they need. The paper is made, it's sitting at a mill in a warehouse and we're waiting for railcars to get switched to a specific mill. We have several mills below a certain rail line that kind of joins up in Birmingham. South and East of that is the biggest choke point in the country right now. So moving our containerboard into our box network has been just a random occurrence almost every day. So our inventories are better but I measure it as can we fund the box plants with the board they need at the moment that they need it. And we're still not where we want to be on that.
Mark Sutton: Mark, I don't know what numbers you're looking at. I think the issue that we have is our margins in North American Industrial Packaging have been compressed and there's two main reasons for that. Because of the way we've operated since essentially March, we have moved off of our most cost-effective supply chain approach. So we have hundreds of millions of dollars of incremental costs related to running a sub-optimized system. Sub-optimized means making the containerboard and shipping it to the wrong places because we don't have another alternative because other capacity was down. Given the size of our system, given the fact that we make containerboard in the Southeast and ship it to California and all of those things, we have not been able to realize as much of our price realization to the bottom line as we normally would. And so that's been a big portion of margin compression for us. And then when you look at the overall full breadth of our customer and segment mix we have varying degrees of sizes of customers timing of realization. So for example, Tim called out we're still getting $65 million of realization in the first quarter of 2022. That's not for every customer. That's for a group of customers that it takes longer. So I think that's really what you're seeing, if you're probing on margins, which I know you talk about a lot and we work on a lot. That's really the biggest issue. I think when we get to the second quarter and we're back to where we can optimize our network it really works well like a flywheel for us. And then we get margins north of 20% again and it's in the zone of what we would expect. It's been very hard for us to achieve the margin structure that I think most people would expect us to be in when we have operated with the initial 150,000 tons that came offline with the weather events at the beginning of the year and then coupled with the challenges we had through the rest of trying to make sure we put the customers first in many cases. And one way to not have had all of these issues is just to cut off a bunch of business and reset everything which is the wrong thing to do for the long-term. But the good news is most of that is behind us Prattville's coming up as we speak and we should be ready to optimize and regear the company back to the 20 -- the margins north of 20% again, which we would expect to have at this point in this business.
Mark Sutton: Adam, if I could add to Tim's comments and you mentioned it in the way you phrased the question, one of the reasons we're more confident than we have been is because the portfolio is narrowed. And we now know that the Packaging business and for that matter the Cellulose Fibers business both have performed very well in the environment of a pandemic. And we know what they perform like if we weren't in a pandemic because so much of our packaging goes into essential materials like food. If there's another difficult year with a pandemic, we think the packaging business because of who it provides packaging for, is going to perform very well. We performed very well in the first part of the pandemic. We got our system out of whack in the second year of the pandemic but still grew our earnings and our revenue. And whatever 2022 holds pandemic related, we believe, because of what we make, we're going to have really good opportunities to perform. We think we have the ability depending on where cost go to capture pricing to be able to offset some of that. And what we're not -- what we're going to have in 2022 that we didn't have in 2021 is a more balanced operating system. So, that's about as confident as we can be without knowing the future.
Mark Sutton: It's -- I just think what I would do if I were you as an analyst, I would try to look at the historical absolutes weeks of supply, whatever number you want to choose. And then I would look -- I would map that against supply chain. There's a few metrics out there around velocity and recognize that operating rates, absolute inventory, supply chain velocity and the pure supply-demand balance. So, against a backdrop of firm demand and companies that knowing IP's case, have cut corners a bit on maintenance because of availability of equipment and just the demand environment last year, we'll be taking facilities down for maintenance which takes supply offline, I would look at that holistically and I would shy away from looking at an absolute inventory number and comparing it to normal times. I just think that leads to the wrong conclusion. 
Mark Sutton: Thank you. What I'd like to do is just reiterate that we're confident in our ability to execute for the remainder of 2022. We've got a solid demand environment. We've got the full year benefit of the pricing that we've already implemented flowing through for the full year. We highlighted the $200-plus million of benefits associated with building a better IP. We will have very importantly the biggest part of our company optimized again for the majority of 2022 that being our mill and box plant system. And very importantly, our balance sheet's in the best shape that we've been in a very long time. All the capital allocation levers are available to us and we plan to invest smartly in our US box system over the next few years to grow profitably. So, thank you for your interest in International Paper. We look forward to talking to you next quarter.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. And we'll report out in Q1, when we get to the end of the quarter. So, it will show up mostly in cost. Now we do have -- as we go into next year, we do have growth initiatives that we believe will begin ramping up. But early on, it's going to be in a couple of places. One, just rebalancing for the stranded costs that we have from Sylvamo. We shared a slide I believe last quarter that showed that we have just under $100 million of costs that we will overcome as we go through this year. And then the other place where there's significant opportunity that we will see ramp up as we go through the year and these are things that we've been working on for 12-plus months is around process optimization. And a lot of that has to do with how we source inputs in our global sourcing organization. There's some supply chain impact. And in our Industrial Packaging business, there's actually a lot of advanced technology projects that are being deployed for allowing us to operate slightly differently and make better operating decisions real-time in the moment. And so we had targeted the $200 million to $225 million for this year gross which will overcome and then some the $100 million that we have in stranded cost. And we'll be -- as we go to the first quarter we'll start sharing quarterly updates and we'll do that throughout the year.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. It's really hard to speculate on that scenario or what might happen or how the US government might respond. I think the good news is from a currency standpoint, there is very little exposure from currency movement to the debt position. They hold a lot of debt in rubles. And so they're somewhat insulated from maybe what we would have seen in prior periods. And we also referenced in the speaker comments about the dividend and that dividend is paid out of the entity in Switzerland, where they manage all of their export sales. And currently, it's viewed that there is sufficient cash in that entity to be able to pay the dividend, unless there's some other type of restrictions. So we feel pretty good about Ilim, their position and especially, how they're running the business. But from a financial standpoint, they seem to be in pretty good shape.
Tim Nicholls: Yes. Hey, Paul it's Tim. I think there's a lot of moving pieces but certainly our approach to how we're interacting with customers is part of the strategy that we've talked about commercially. And so we feel good about the steps commercially that the team has taken up to this point. Supply chain could also be providing a little bit of help, just given how much disruption there is and we'll have to see how it plays out as supply chains normalize. But I think the way the team is executing and how they're thinking about their opportunities in the market, relative to segments and geographies is producing the results that we wanted. 
Tim Nicholls: Hey Mark, it's Tim. It has a mill-related benefit in it. We look at this business especially here in North America as being an integrated business. So we're deploying capital in our mill system for the benefit of our converting business. And the value proposition is across the whole supply chain. So we look at integrated returns for the investments that we make.
Tim Nicholls: We do that on a regular basis and constantly trying to learn and make sure that we are seeing if there were opportunities that we missed in one instance that we correct that going forward. So I think we have a fairly robust process of -- and we're fairly critical of ourselves as we should be internally to make process improvements about how we do it. Box USA specifically I haven't looked at in a very long time.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. Just at a high level, we think we begin normalizing as we get through the first quarter and then we'll have to see how it plays out going to the second quarter. I mean the disruption from Omicron it came on so suddenly and so severely, I think a lot of people were surprised by how quickly it began impacting almost every aspect of the supply chain. And so it started late November early December accelerated. Hopefully we're peaking here in the next few weeks. But I would say that geographically it's not uniform because of the way it's spread. It's going to peak in different places at different times and then fall off.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah, what we're expecting in the first quarter is that there will be roughly $25 million of additional costs related to the inefficiency of the machine coming back up. And then we won't have the mill fully restored until we get through the outage in the second quarter and then we would expect the mill to be back up and fiber balanced and running at its optimum cost structure.
Tim Nicholls: Yeah. That's a great question, Adam. I mean just a few thoughts for consideration. When we stopped we stopped because no one knew what the pandemic was going to bring. I would argue there was more uncertainty at that moment in time back in 2020 than there is currently. But -- and in 2021 as well. I think if we look at what Omicron has done globally, we see where it started and ramped quickly peaked and then fell off. And so, we used that as a base case for a set of expectations here. There's always going to be things that crop up like you mentioned that is difficult for us to really calibrate on in the moment. But what we have confidence in is what we've been working on for the past 12 to 18 months and how we believe those initiatives are going to come through this year. So, there's the things that we can manage and control, and then there's the impacts externally that we'll just have to deal with. But in terms of how the business we expect to perform, what we're going to see in terms of initiatives falling through to the bottom line, we're very confident in.
Tim Nicholls: I think normalized. So with the new portfolio, we're at about $1.1 billion of depreciation. And so we're in line with that for 2022. I think we should be close to that in future years. There may be times when we're slightly above, but it will be above for very distinguishable strategic opportunities that we can highlight.
Tim Nicholls: No, not really. It's mostly supply chain related due to COVID and all of the disruptions that we've seen as we've gone through the past year. Yes, we haven't noticed anything outside of that at this point.
