Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcast are located on our website. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I’d like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The investor relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Brian Doubles: Thanks, Margaret. Good morning everyone. My comments today will center on our efforts to diversify to our direct-to-consumer channel starting on Slide 5. Among our top strategic partners is evolving and growing our business through the development of new Synchrony branded products and services. More specifically, our objective is to become a leading digital bank with competitive products and capabilities that drive deeper customer relationships and provide an attractive source of funding, while also launching innovative lending products.  While we’ve been introducing synchrony branded consumer products over the past two years through our Synchrony card care and Synchrony home offerings. We have also recently been focused on the Synchrony branded general-purpose card. Today, I will spend a few minutes outlining how we are progressing on both our banking platform and the general-purpose card.  First, on our deposit products. We have made significant progress over the last several years in building our consumer banking from platform. Our deposits are growing faster than the U.S. direct banking industry and we have expanded market share over the last several years. Deposits currently comprised 76% of our funding profile. With consumer deposits becoming an increasingly larger portion of our mix of total funding. The investments we’ve made over the past few years have enabled us to rely less on rate to attract new deposit accounts. Our strategic investments have been focused on enhancing our digital advertising, developing the right content and message to the right audiences, as well as enhancing our digital experience. For example, we launched our New Native App earlier this year, as well as redesigned our marketing side with a better user interface and overall customer experience. On Slide 6, you can see the results of our efforts. Over the past several years, we have grown deposits 20% per year versus an industry growth rate of 5%. During that time period, we have also been less reliant on rate and have successfully reduced our savings product rates below the competition as shown on the slide. We have also reduced our acquisition cost by 20% in the last three years. We remain focused on making investments to reduce rate sensitivity and acquisition costs. As we look ahead, we plan to invest in additional capabilities, products, and features. We will also continue to improve customer service and launch differentiated rewards and loyalty programs, all of which not only will drive a better customer experience, but also allow us to continue to grow efficiently and effectively.  Importantly, we are focused on all aspects of the customer experience, starting with a quick seamless account opening process all the way through self-servicing features once the account is opened. We are confident that we have built a solid foundation from which to build for the future objective in the deposit platform. Similarly, on the lending side, we have made significant progress with our general-purpose cards. As you will recall, we successfully rebranded Toys R Us accounts that qualified for a Synchrony MasterCard, which was a substantial portion of the portfolio. This was a cost-effective way to expand into the general-purpose card market, while also providing continuous and improved utility for our formal cardholders. Slide 7 highlights our initial results for this product. We had a strong activation rate and repeat usage. In fact, we have also increased sales per account by 40% and balances per account by 50%. At the same time, we are [indiscernible] as we no longer pay the RSA and use those savings to fund the value prop on the cards. Approaching a general-purpose credit card in this manner has allowed us to utilize an iterative test and learn approach to growth. We’re leveraging customer insights and data to test general-purpose card value propositions and features with consumers. At launch, we offered an attractive 2% cash back value proposition, as well as spend incentives, which delivered a strong card and spend activation rate.  We are currently testing different combinations of APRs, promotional offers, and incentives. We are taking a very disciplined approach to future product offerings, value propositions and features. Looking ahead, we will target our marketing efforts to customer segments where we believe we can achieve attractive risk adjusted returns. While our growth expectations are modest in the short-term given the disciplined nature of our approach we’re excited about the opportunity and early results we’ve been able to achieve so far. As we seek to diversify our offerings in the direct-to-consumer space, we will leverage the strong foundations we have built. We are evaluating opportunities across a large and diverse market and we're very excited about our prospects in this space. And with that, I’ll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure Sanjay. This is Brian. Look, I would say, overall, we have been pleased with the trends in the performance that we're seeing on that MasterCard portfolio, it’s still early, but we're seeing good activation, good usage. We’re seeing a nice retention of balances, good spend on the accounts. As you know, we put a very strong 2% cash back value proposition on the card. Given we are not paying the RSA, we’re able to offer an attractive value prop and still earn a very attractive return. Look, we’re pleased with what we're seeing. In terms of a broader strategy, we’re certainly evaluating that. We’ve got a great team in place. They’ve got a lot of general-purpose card experience, you know look, we are monitoring the usage, the performance on the portfolio. We also started to do some new account originations. So, we’re testing into different segments, but look I think the thing that’s important to note is, we're going to be disciplined around profitability and returns on this. So, we have some modest growth expectations here in the short-term.
Brian Doubles: Yes, thanks, Rick. Look we don't see it as a competing product. If you think about who we’re in there competing against, they all have general purpose card portfolio that are much more substantial than what we have here. You know, while we like this as a product and it does give us some nice diversification; it’s pretty small today; we’re in the very early innings here. There's a lot of positives I think in terms of what we’ve rolled out. We like the trend that we’re seeing on the new account originations that we've done so far, but, you know, look, this is still a small piece of the overall portfolio. We’re still a partner-led business. That'll remain the case for the foreseeable future.
Brian Doubles: Yes, great. You know first with regard to CECL again, we indicated on the call earlier that, you know, our expectation now is consistent with the second quarter and the range we provided back then. You know as we think about the ultimate amount that will get posted at the end of the year, that's really going to depend upon the asset composition, the economy and our kind of view that economy as it moves forward. So, there are some moving pieces and as well as we’re finalizing some of the assumptions. So, it’s a little bit premature to talk about the seasonal impact as well, you know, there is going to be an RSA offset, not for the day one transition adjustment, for day two. We’re still working through that with our partner. So, as we finalize that here in the fourth quarter, we’ll provide, you know, comprehensive guidance with regard to that in January. With regard to your second part of your question with [CECL] impact capital, you know, first I’d say again, it does not impact our capital plan that runs through June 30, 2020. We incorporated our view of that with our submission to the regulators back in the first quarter. So, from the [first plan] perspective, it's already addressed. You know as we think about [CECL] and the post up of the incremental reserves, we obviously have been in contact and in discussion with our regulators and stakeholders the fact that we should be getting capital credit for the post up of those reserves as we move forward and we’re in ongoing dialogues on how that should occur. So, it's a little bit premature to talk about that relative to future capital plans, but we plan to incorporate it as we move forward, and will you give guidance when we have greater clarity.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I don't think in the short term, certainly, you're going to see this pressure, the efficiency ratio at all, I think. Just going back, one important thing I said earlier. We're testing into new account originations, we're testing into different customer segments, different APRs, etcetera, but it's very important to note that we're going to be very disciplined around profitability and returns. So, we're being very disciplined here in the short-term as we run new tabs, we're trying to find those sales where we can, one, where we can compete. It's obviously a very competitive market. We're trying to find those areas where we can compete, but still earn a very attractive return. So, that's our primary focus here.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Look, first I'd say this is a very close adjacency to what we do today in our core business. We have very experienced underwriting credit teams, very experienced marketing teams. We have had a dual card product, which is a top of wallet general purpose card like product for years. So, this is a space we actually know really well. We actually have a great team in place that has a lot of general-purpose card expertise. And this is – part of the strategy is merging kind of practical reality with future long-term objectives. And when we have the opportunity to convert the Toys R Us portfolio, that was a great way to kind of maintain utility for those cardholders, give them an attractive value proposition, and has frankly provided us with a great test bed now to kind of learn and see how we want to enter into the space. It's been on our strategic roadmap for years. I think the conversion allowed us to accelerate that. And we're pretty excited. But we're also cautious. We're not confused that this is a very competitive market. We're very focused on targeting profitable accounts that have a good risk adjusted return. And so, we're – I would say, our growth expectations in the short-term are modest, but we're excited about getting some nice diversification, but laser-like focused on maintaining our return profile as well.
Brian Wenzel: Great. Good morning, Sanjay. As you think about net interest margin for the quarter, a lot of our book – 45% of our book is floating. When you think about transactors it's more like 25%. So, we’re not necessarily as exposed to interest rates. We also think about the margin. We have a positive benefit from the purchase accounting last year for PayPal that’s not reoccurring again this year, as well as the CIT that we put in place before we purchased the portfolio that’s beginning to bleed in. So, those are positive impacts on the portfolio as we move forward. Obviously, with Walmart coming out of the portfolio there will be a little bit of headwind to net interest margin because that portfolio operated at a higher net interest margin than the over book. So, [again been] our assets and liabilities are fairly well matched we don’t see a lot of pressure from the interest rate environment as we move forward.
Brian Wenzel: Great, great. Thanks, Don. First of all, we don't provide necessarily forward-looking guidance relative to delinquencies. They’ve been consistent and stable throughout 2019. With regard to PayPal, again, we don’t provide specific information on one portfolio, but when you look at the guidance, you know, we’ve guided on net charge-off basis to the low-end of 5.7 to 5.9 range. So, as we move through the quarter, clearly, we've seen stabilization to improving credit trends, which is via reserve rate in the third quarter was below the guidance that we provided back in our second quarter call back in July. So, as we look at the net charge-off environment and credit environment, we’re optimistic we don't see any pressure on the consumer and all the measures that we look at and our collections really have performed. So, again, we view credit to be stabilizing to better and expect the net charge-off rate for the year to be at the low end of 5.7 to 5.9 range, Don.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, you know, obviously, you know, as we look at – as we move through the capital planning and the repurchase cadence for the year, there is a basic capital plan, a basic repurchase plan that happens over the four or five quarters that we go out. Then we had the Walmart, they kind of laid in. Obviously, you know, we had to have certainty relative to that transaction. You have to record those reserves getting into earnings. You know, we’ve purchased $1.3 billion approximately for the first two quarters under the plan. We have $2.7 billion remaining under the $4 billion authorized repurchase plan. We feel confident that we will be able to execute that plan. If you go back, in our past history, we were able to execute twice, both the fourth quarter of last year and first quarter of this year. We purchased in the open market of $966 million. So, we feel we have the execution to get to $2.7 billion done over the next three quarters. Most certainly we evaluate lots of different options to get the best execution on price, and we’ll continue to do that, but we feel confident we can execute on the plan that we outlined.
Brian Wenzel: Great. Thanks, Betsy. You know we’ll provide guidance on RSAs in our call in January encompassing full guidance for the year when we think about all the other elements. As you think about Walmart, Walmart did operate at a lower RSA percentage than the company average, which is why we see it, you know, slightly up in the fourth quarter versus past seasonal trends. Obviously, that will impact us as we move forward into 2020, but we’ll provide that guidance in January.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Bill, for the question. So, as you think about the RSA, when we renewed transactions, the economic formula is kind of set at the store. So, those formulas don't change as we move forward. So, really what’s going to drive the RSA as we move forward absent the Walmart portfolio is really good to be the underlying performance of the portfolio from growth, from net interest margin, charge-offs etcetera. That’s going to be the bigger drivers as we move forward. To the extent that we have, you know, improved performance on those lines, there will be more RSAs, to the extent it’s going to be less, then the RSAs will decrease. So, that's the benefit to us as a company have that RSA buffer, but they participate in both sides. So, again, the contracts are generally set and won’t change. It’s really just a performance and growth of the underlying portfolios.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Obviously, we're in discussions with them. First of all, educating them on the CECL standard, make sure they understand it. And as we finalize our adjustment, how that impact then flows through the RSA structures. Again, I think we've said in the past that day one transition adjustment, there will be no impact from an RSA perspective. I mean, it does not go through the P&L. But as we move to day two, we are going through and really working with the partners, explaining the implications to them, and then we'll come back with – again, in January, with the complete guidance, with how it impacts RSA, as well as the provision line.
Margaret Keane: You know, I would say that's probably about a question for the Venmo PayPal team, but what I can tell you is that as we work with that organization, they’re really looking at how do they expand customer choice and ability for their customers. So, I would expect them to look at all avenues for growth for the use of the Venmo credit card, and, you know, we’re going to work closely with them on terms of how we build out the capabilities, the digital experience, really try and understand what are the customer, you know, frictions that are out there that we want to try to solve to really have what we’re describing as exclusive in-app great customer credit experience across various channels. So, we’re going to work closely with them as we continue to develop both the PayPal program that we have with them as well as Venmo.
Margaret Keane: Sure. Well, you know, first, they have 40 million Venmo customers. So, we think that’s a great target market and its growing. Secondly, it has a great brand and we know that, in particular millennials really love Venmo. And so, I think as we look to build out that value proposition, we’re going to be looking at what are the type of rewards that those customers are looking for. So, you know, it could include cash back, but I wouldn’t say it’s only going to be cash back. I think we really want to get into some deep research with that customer base. And then, the other piece of this is really, as we all know, these particular or this particular segment of customers really look at experiences as a really important element of how they live and choose to live. And so, we’re going to be looking at that both from a value prop perspective, as well as the experience they have themselves on using the app.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So, you know, we’ve said since the beginning of the year, one of our strategies was really to grow the CareCredit platform. So, in the core business itself we continue to see really good growth, and that's really the dental and vet businesses that we highlighted this quarter. But as we look to expand into more of what we’re calling a health and wellness card, you know, we've expanded the utility of the card over the year to latest being the Walgreens’ acceptance, and we’ll continue to look at those. But our other strategy is really in two areas. One, is really shifting from what we're calling [vets to pets]. So, the acquisition of Pets Best this year is a function of that and really looking at ways to leverage both the insurance side of settlement in our card product to really ensure that the consumers are getting a really efficient process going forward as they pay their vet bills. The other part of this is really going after, when I call, payment management systems where we can integrate into those system and have care credit as an option in that system. So, the Loyale example is one of those. And then, lastly is, really expanding into what we’re calling health network, so hospital network. So, I think in the past we’ve describe we've gone out and sold dentist office by dentist office, vet office by vet office. We continue to look at various verticals where we think our card can be used and are now working with hospital networks to integrate CareCredit as a payment option in the hospital network. So, you know, our view is, we have a lot of expertise and experience in this space. We’ve been at it for over 30 years, and we think this is a great growth opportunity for us. And, you know, while fintechs are there, we see them, we’re still very confident in our capabilities and what we’ve built out and where we want to go.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So, I would say that – obviously, we have Lowe's, which is a big retailer related to the home. But our Payment Solutions business is really where the verticals are really dedicated to a lot of the home, particularly furniture, home improvement, HVAC, all those types of things. And I think you've seen us talk about the fact that home has definitely helped us I would say over the last probably 18 months, and we're seeing people invest in their home. So, we're seeing that on the Payment Solutions side, for sure, and in loans. I think the other thing we did this year is, we launched the HOME Network, which is a card that allows you to purchase in a number of our retail partners and others. It's a network card, particularly dedicated to purchasing a home, which – the launch was very good. We're continuing to invest in that network. So, to your point, we see the home as a critical element of growth as we look forward in this business and feel that we have a number of merchants across the system that are particularly dedicated to that vertical. So, definitely a nice opportunity for us as we see home purchasing increase and home improvement being a big part of that.
Margaret Keane: So, we actually have a product out there already called SetPay that we've tested a pilot in the market. That is a product like that. What I would say is, from a PayPal and Venmo perspective, first of all, they are obviously a very customer focused, digitally focused organization, and I would say they look at all opportunities as a way to grow their business, which is a benefit to us growing our business. So, we're in talks with them on a bunch of different things, both on the PayPal side – I'd like to remind everyone we only converted PayPal in June. So, just on the pure PayPal side, we have a list of initiatives that we want to work on and execute on, particularly from a growth, marketing, product design perspective going forward. And now we have the added opportunity of Venmo. So, I would say the teams are looking at all different types of ways to really leverage the opportunity that's out there in the marketplace and really make sure we have the right offer for the right product in front of the customer as they're making their purchases. And that would all be in-app and digital.
Margaret Keane: I think the opportunities are in a couple of key areas. One is just pure marketing. In the past, we were kind of on the PayPal side competing because they had their product, we had our product. So, I think from a merge on how we're kind of targeting customers, I think that's a real opportunity. The second thing that I think has been – has proven to be very beneficial is the sharing of data on both sides, meaning, we have a lot of information, they have a lot of information, so how do we leverage that information, both from a growth perspective, which I think is the most exciting part, but then also making sure from an underwriting perspective we're making the right decisions and, more importantly, is protecting on the fraud side. So, we see lots of opportunity to just be – what I would say, more efficient on the marketing side, and then more robust on the credit underwriting and protecting the consumer. I think we are still in early days as we’ve laid out the conversion, which was as you know a big one. We have a bunch of what I would call technological advances that we’re going to make together that we’re really driving and that’s really going to be more around the customer and merchant experience. Really trying to make that as seamless as possible and ensure that customer never leaves the PayPal App if you will and it’s all done within the App and so we have teams of people, and I mean teams working on a bunch of initiatives to really drive all of that. And it’s all around what I would say two key things, growth and experience, both on the consumer side and the merchant side, which is very important here for PayPal.
Margaret Keane: Yes. That’s something we’ll probably look at as we talk about the strategy for 2020 going forward, but generally speaking, you know, we have, first of all we have, first of all I would say, the space itself is fairly fragmented right. So, one of the advantages we have is just the fact that we have created a brand name for ourselves and are recognized by a lot of folks in that space, but we are still, honestly I would say we're still learning, particularly on the big hospital network side, each of these networks operate very differently. And I think you know that we brought on our board an expert in this area who is helping us think through how to target and where to go after. So, we’ll talk more about that as we go into 2020.
