Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. Looking to 2023 and beyond, Synchrony is well positioned to navigate the uncertainties of the operating environment that lies ahead. As we continue to leverage our differentiated business model to add new and deepen existing customer and partner relationships, further scale our comprehensive product suite, enhance our programs and expand our markets and deliver best-in-class experiences centered around each customer's individual financing needs. Synchrony will increasingly attract new customers and forge more expansive relationships, support our partners' ability to grow through evolving market conditions and solidify our leadership position as the digital ecosystem of choice, all while driving consistent, high-quality growth at strong risk-adjusted returns for all stakeholders.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Kathryn to open the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure, Moshe. Thanks for the question. You're absolutely right. I think our partners, in an environment like this, tend to lean on us even more heavily. It's -- there's a lot of uncertainty out there that we've all talked about in terms of consumer trends and behavior and what we can expect from inflation and just kind of the broad uncertainty around the macro environment. And so our partners look at us and they say, okay, what are we doing to drive sales? What are we doing to drive new accounts? And this is when they lean even more heavily on the rewards programs and the credit customers, we've talked about in the past, always is their best most loyal customer. And so in this kind of environment, this is where they really double down and have really constructive discussions around, should we be refreshing the valve prop, should we be doing more promotions, more offers, are there new capabilities and new products that we should be introducing? And we've had really great discussions with our partners, particularly around the multiproduct strategy. So the combination of being able to offer a revolving credit product and installment buy now pay later loan and how those products work together. And one of the things that, as you know, we've been very focused on in that multiproduct journey is creating an easy experience for the customer, but also a really easy experience for a partner. So how do you offer multiple products and use our data-driven analytics to make sure that the customer, their customer is getting the right product, the right offer at the right time. And I think in an environment that we're heading into, that becomes even more important. So going all the way back to our Investor Day, we talked about that strategy. We spent a lot of time on it, and I do believe still to this day that the multiproduct strategy is the winning one. And we're hearing that from our partners. They're highly engaged in it. And I think, over time, it's going to pay big dividends for Synchrony and all of our stakeholders. So thanks for the question.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So look, I think the timing that's been kind of speculated upon out there is pretty much in line with what we assume, which is we might know something here in the first quarter, but I think probably won't have an effective rule until late this year or early next year. So again, pretty much in line with our expectations. We're prepared for that. I think we've talked about in the past that about 60% or a little over 60% of our late fees sit in programs that have an RSA, so that's an offset. Obviously, we'll work with our partners on that. They have an incentive to help us offset the impact if there is one. So we're ready for it. We're preparing internally. We'll see what comes out. But I think we'll have some time between when we have some clarity and probably an effective rule, like I said, late this year or early next year.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. I mean, look, we've talked about this in the past that we try and manage the business really well through cycles. And we try and provide a level of consistency to our partners in terms of how we underwrite. And so if you look at the last couple of years, we're coming out of the absolute best credit environment we've ever seen in the history of the business. And we didn't take an opportunity to underwrite a lot deeper. And I think that's why you saw, again, I think, more consistent loan growth from us than maybe some others, and that's really important to our business. Because if we take an opportunity to really underwrite deeper and take approval rates up, then we know, at some point in the future, we're going to have to pull back on that. And we try really hard not to do that. Again, consistency is really important to our partners. So we feel pretty good about the guide for next year, the 8% to 10% growth. And we think that that's prudent. That's not -- that doesn't assume significant changes in how we're underwriting. Now clearly, if things change, and we see the macro environment play out differently than we're contemplating right now, then we'll go in, and we'll make some tweaks, and we'll make some adjustments. But we feel pretty good about the 8% to 10%. And look, I think the one thing on expenses, you've seen us be pretty disciplined over the years. We had some opportunity last year to make some incremental investments. We did that. Really happy with the return and the payback on those investments, but we stay really disciplined there. And if we head into a tougher environment in '23 or '24, then certainly that's an area that we'll look to pull back on if we have to.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So look, first, I would say that we're always looking to renew where we can at attractive terms for us and the partner. So the teams that we have on the ground sitting with our partners every day, you come across things where it makes sense to add some years to the deal investments we want to make, changes in valve prop, et cetera. So our teams are out there every day, finding ways to renew in ways that benefit our partners and benefit us. So we're thrilled to extend with Lowe's. They're one of our oldest clients. I think this extension will take us over 50 years, which is pretty incredible when you think about it. I would say, competitively, just more broadly, it's still competitive, very competitive environment. But I do think, as you start to head into periods of uncertainty like we're heading into now, you do start to see the competition get even more disciplined. And we all know and appreciate that we're not going to be operating at half of our targeted loss rate like we saw in the last couple of years, and you start to see that discipline work its way into the competitive dynamics. So I think that's good. We're a very disciplined bidder in these processes, and it's nice to see that kind of happen across the industry. So we feel really good about how we're positioned. I think in times like this, back to the earlier conversation, you're really competing on capabilities. And that, combined with good price discipline across the industry, is a good thing for us.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Look, I think you're right. I mean we're finally seeing valuations check up pretty significantly in some areas that we're interested in. Our business development team has a very active M&A screen, so that's certainly something that we look at. You've seen us do small acquisitions where we can kind of leverage our scale, Allegro is a great example of that, pets Best is a great example of that, and we've grown those businesses very significantly since we acquired them. But we're a very disciplined buyer as well. Those were very modest in terms of the capital outlay, but we saw a lot of future growth and earnings potential. Those are the things that we like to do. And so if we can do more acquisitions like that, we'd certainly look to do that, but we're a very disciplined buyer when it comes to allocating capital to M&A.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Well, so obviously, we serve a very broad range of partners, as you indicated. And clearly, you saw really strong growth in Digital, strong growth in Health & Wellness. We would expect that to continue. I'll tell you where you see the biggest differences, John, is actually in how we engage with those partners. And our solutions inside of those partners differ quite a bit. Venmo and PayPal is a great example where we're completely integrated through our API architecture. And if you're inside of the PayPal or Venmo app, you don't know if it's something that we built or something that PayPal built. It is really seamless to the customer. And that's really important. And I think that really helps make that experience a good one for the customer and helps us drive growth over the long term. And you compare and contrast that with what we're trying to do in the one-to-many space like with Clover and other solutions where we want to make it really easy for our smaller partners to leverage the financial products that we have, and we have to do that by building it once and then scaling it across the enterprise. So you really run the gamut from highly customized, fully integrated API architecture to a one-to-many solution, which just makes it really easy for our partners to offer our financing products. So that's where you see the biggest difference between our partners and the partner set that we have today. I'll tell you, at any given time, you're going to have some partners that are doing really well and just crushing it, and you're going to have some partners that are maybe struggling a little bit. As I said earlier, heading into uncertain times like this, the credit program becomes even more important, and that's consistent across the board. So heading into an environment like this, we feel like we're really well positioned to help our partners succeed.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Moshe, for the question. As I think about it, that engagement really to drive the compelling value proposition and linkage to the customer can really drive, what I would say, spend probably above what you'd see either in retail sales or in the general economy. So that would help fuel a lower payment rate as well. So I think you can see upside to the asset of 8 to 10, if that gained a lot of traction in 2023.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ryan. So I think as you think about our asset growth, there's two dynamics that come into play. One is, you will see a slowing payment rate. Now, again, we don't expect the payment rate for the entire business to get back to historical levels during 2023. So that is one that will help you from an asset perspective. But if you believe that the economy is going to get a little tougher, the headwind then becomes, will the consumer pull back on spending a little bit? So I think those two dynamics kind of play with each other and how we think about it. Again, if the economy doesn't -- is stronger than we think, again, I think -- I still think you'll see slowing payment rate, but you'll see stronger sales kind of going in and you could have upside in that scenario to the outlook.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks. First, Ryan, just to make sure we're on the same page. The guidance for full year 2023 is 4% to 4.25%. And again, I think you have a couple of things. One, you do have a little bit of the net interest margin coming down that plays through the RSA, #1, with the interest-bearing liabilities cost going up. Two, you have the increase in that charge-off rate kind of coming through. Three, you have a little bit of the OpEx piece coming through. And four, you have growth in the denominator with really receivables. So I think that plays through -- to the extent your question, can it operate below a 4% level? Yes, it can operate at 4% level, but that would be more dependent upon trajectory of net charge-offs and how much of that is offset through net interest margin. Again, given the timing of losses, we're sitting here mid-January, which we have pretty good visibility really through mid-July now. So there is an opportunity for it. Again, we've given you the guidance we think is the best estimate for 2023 as we sit here today.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks for the question, Sanjay. So the qualitative portion, which brings the unemployment, effective unemployment rate up to that, call it, 5% level, again, we look at claims. But that essentially says that in that environment, there probably wouldn't be any form of significant rate-related reserve increases. Again, for the impact in net charge-offs, there is a timing issue here that happens. So the unemployment rate have to move up pretty rapidly in the beginning part of the year to have a factor in the back half of the year, which would impact the net charge-off rate. So if that happens, you're probably more looking at some headwinds towards 2024 from a net charge-off basis, but again, you should have that reserve for in the short term.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. I mean, obviously, we were most sensitive to unemployment claims. Obviously, there are other things in the economy that we are sensitive to, but that would be the biggest factor for us to have to relook at reserves. And again, I know there's a lot of questions on reserve rate dipping down. That's a seasonal factor that happens every fourth quarter because of the denominator. I mean we're up in absolute dollars from third quarter to fourth quarter. And again, you'd expect as your receivables come down in the first quarter, that rate to rise.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Yes, thanks for the question, Erika, and I'll try to be clear here. The 4.2% is the baseline, which we take from Moody's. Effectively, when we run through the model, you're probably more like 4.5%. There are qualitative overlays that bring it effectively to 5% right? Or closer to 5%? So in theory, if you were to hit that, there should not be rate related provisioning. It should just be growth-related provisioning at that point. It's only if your outlook changed above 5%, which you would anticipate more rate-related increases.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So as Brian mentioned earlier, not many will talk about it, but there is, what I would say, a more K-shape recovery or we're seeing it, where the lower end consumer has been normalizing at a faster rate both, I'd say, from a payment rate behavior standpoint as well as a delinquency and charge-off standpoint. And as you continue to move away from the pandemic and stimulus, you begin to see the other cohorts, which is the prime and super prime, which had already started to normalize, continue to add normalization trends. I think the important part for us, Betsy, is as we take a step back and think about the entire portfolio for a second, if you looked at historical 30-plus and 90-plus-day delinquencies to pre-pandemic levels and applied it to our balances as you step through this year, what you'd see is a very linear normalization of delinquencies for us. And again, that's really the bottom end normalizing a little bit quicker. And now you're starting to see the top end. So -- but if you look at that linear pace beginning in the first quarter last year, I mean, we're about 80% of our pre-pandemic delinquencies and it's moved about 10 percentage points each quarter. So we're not seeing an acceleration in normalization. It just kind of is flowing through and that's on top of a larger balance, but it is normalizing in a manner in which we expected. But again, there is a little bit of a K-shaped recovery where we're starting to feel -- again, moving back, all our vintages from '20 on are performing better than our vintages in 2018. So we feel good that the normalization that we're expecting is happening on a path that we expect.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. I mean, if you break it apart for a second, Betsy, the '20 vintage and obviously, the early part of 2021, that's performing the best, right, because that's when we put in refinements at start of the pandemic because no one knows what's going to happen. Latter part of '21 and '22 performing between that vintage and 2018. So I think, in all cases, they're doing better, but again, they're slightly different under different underwriting standards. I don't envision, and Brian talked about this, the consistency that we have both in underwriting for origination, but account management that we're going to use that as a growth lever. I think we have a really diverse and attractive set of partners, so we get spend across a multitude of different verticals and categories. And then when you look at the fact that we're really having -- have compelling value propositions and are aligning to our most loyal customers at our partners, we don't have to use credit or growth engine as opposed to others. So I don't envision us using credit and opening up the credit box from here forward. Right now, what we're doing is we're making modest refinements when we see things that concern us, but we're not doing anything across the board because we don't see it across the board in our portfolio.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So first of all, thanks for the question, Kevin. When we think about our capital plan and the stress test we run, the unemployment rates that we use in those stress tests are significantly higher than 5%. So the 5% isn't concerning on its face value relative to capital and our capital levels. What really we would look at and our risk committee and the Board would look at is, is there a reduced visibility into the macroeconomic environment where you're concerned, or in the case -- or in the case where you're concerned about the level of net income being generated. That's where you would come back to saying, "Hey, listen, should I think about capital differently?" But remember, these stress test models are built under a very severe scenario. And as long as you're inside of that, you should be able to -- you continue on your capital plans and be able to weather it. That's why it is. There's a lot of buffers on top of the minimum requirements. So again, it'd be well north of 5% before we get concerned.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, thanks for the question, John. So I will deal with the latter part of the question first. So yes, we have seen an extension of the duration a little bit. People have rotated into CDs and we see people into, call it, that 18 month, 19 month duration. So it’s split out a little bit, I wouldn’t say materially.  With regard to pricing as we move forward, I mean obviously when we gave the NIM guidance here, what we saw in 2022 was really a change in the landscape, right? You had a lot of people trying to manage betas in the beginning part of 2022 and then when they fell at the outflow of deposits during the year, got more aggressive with regard to price. I think you saw a lot of that happen in the latter part of the year. It's been very stable now. So our outlook includes deposit betas getting a little bit worse than they have been from here, particularly on the CDs. So again, this is going to be something that we're really going to watch relative to the Fed's actions at the next couple of meetings and what their guidance is with regard to the terminal rate that they have out there. But we plan for in this guidance to have betas deteriorate in 2023.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks for the question, Rick. So I think if you looked at the assumptions that went into the day 1 CECL model versus the assumptions that are in the model today, they're very close to each other. So I do think that you're in a position where there's not a significant difference right now. Where there is a difference is the macroeconomic overlays that we have in here that are much more significant than what they were on day 1. So as that macroeconomic environment clears, right, either through the losses or through the fact that we were more conservative or things didn't play out the way we thought, you're going to begin to migrate back towards that day 1 level. Now remember, in CECL, at the end of the day, you forecast out for a reasonable and supportable period, right, that you have losses, and then you migrate to your mean. So at the end of the day, that mean hasn't changed for us and our expectations. I mean, obviously, I'd like to say we had a normal period during CECL, but unfortunately, over the last two-plus years, we have not. So again, we'll revisit at some point in the future what the mean loss rate is. But again, that does play into the fact that you will ultimately migrate and they should come back in line absent mix.
