Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for, and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Hey, thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The investor relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll close with the summary of the quarter on Slide 11, and then we can begin the Q&A portion of the call. We delivered another quarter of strong operational performance across key areas of our business. We drove strong organic growth and renewed several key partnerships and signed and launched important new partnerships during the quarter and looking ahead, our pipeline remains strong. Supporting our growth is our fast growing online bank, which delivered another quarter of strong deposit generation, further strengthening our overall funding profile. Our capital and liquidity position also remained strong and we were pleased to commence the payment of a dividend and also repurchase shares during the quarter. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yeah so on data analytics I take two things, one as we continue to work with more channels we know that we have to really get more sophisticated and real time in our analytics. We don’t really disclose how much we stand but what I can tell you as we are working very hard this year to build out a service sophisticated platform where we are really looking at building out data and CRM capability that goes well beyond just data for growing but also from a productivity perspective and really enhancing the whole win to win experience from our customer from the time they apply for credit all the way through to servicing and we have a pretty big cross functional team working on number of initiatives around data analytics. I believe and I think as our partners continue to look at ways to create more loyalty with our customers this is going to be in an important element of what we can bring to our partners combining that with the digital experience that are customers or starting to go through in really that area is growing exponentially. So it is an important area, with mobile and data analytics together I think these are two big growth levers for us as we look to really help our partners grow with our customer.
Margaret Keane: Yeah, it’s both. It is really using data just the much more smarter at how you are running the entire business from your origination all the way through to servicing and really looking at ways to make that customer experience even more seamless and frictionless using data and then hopefully using the data in a way that allows us to get the next purchase to get a bigger basket to drive that loyalty back in and enhance the experience with our retailers as they go from channel to channel.
Margaret Keane: Yeah, that’s definitely is, all of them have the option to do it even retails are not fully online. So to have that check out is really golden and it really comes down to kind of philosophy within the retailer in terms of someone have a choice and others it is just really around getting the prioritization of getting that particular element into their system to get in place. So it is something that we put together what we call our digital mobile, online playbook for retailers and this is something that we talk a lot about. So it is a big opportunity for us as we move forward and continue to work but I would say is on the mobile world in general and online world in general there is a lot higher engagement across all our partners right now in this particular area as they are all really coming to terms of the fact that they have to be best in class. So we are spending a tremendous amount of time and effort, really working with our partners across all three pipelines to really make that happen.
Margaret Keane: I would say the bulk of sales are still done predominantly in store, but what I would say is that it is definitively shifting and each quarter we see incremental growth on online and digital and as we stated our online sales were up 26% over last year and that continues to grow every single quarter. About a third of our applications occur digitally. We received about 12 million mobile applications since we launched in 2012, that’s grown at about 80% year-over-year so that’s a big growth channel for us that I think you would continue to see expanding. And we are seeing faster growth in the industry so I think the important part of digital and online is really our ability to continue to integrate with our partners and so one of the things we are really working hard on now obviously we have done [indiscernible] those things we have digital cards on our own. What we are seeing now is more and more retailers are creating their own apps and we are really trying to work to be in that app so that is really seamless and frictionless process for the customers they are shopping around on a mobile app of a particular retailer. So I think you are going to see as focusing even more on that retailers come to us and ask to really engage at a much higher level, that’s my point earlier, I think this isn’t a little bit of a shift in terms of how retailers are even thinking about mobiles and putting a lot more efforts there, that’s why we are very highly engaged right now across all three platforms really.
Margaret Keane: No, the online spend and the trends are the same. I’d say, the one area that we continue to ensure we’re focused on is really ensuring the authentication of the customer. So I think that’s where pro-rates might be slightly lower just because you’re dealing with an online channel versus an in-store experience. But that’s a great area where we’re spending a lot of time and investing in new technology to really make sure we’re best in class. So that would be the only I think fundamental difference.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, I think most of you think about the fourth quarter typically receivable yields come down just for seasonality. So if you look back over the past few years and you look at the receivable yield from the third to the fourth, it generally comes down in the fourth quarter, given you’re building a lot of receivables obviously for holiday and the fact that they don’t generate finance for deal in the quarter. So it is really that seasonal trend that is driving the forecast in the fourth quarter, the other dynamics are relatively stable. I think if you look at margins more generally we have been very pleased all year with the margins and the way that they have performed. If you remember back in January we thought NIM was going to be around 15.5%. We kind of revised that guidance to 15.75%, something in that range after we saw the strong deposit growth that obviously is continuing and then we are able to improve the yield on liquidity portfolio and also really optimizing amount of liquidity that we are holding. So all those things all else being equal should continue to flow through and we think those will flow through to the fourth quarter, that's why we kind of guided to the - took the guidance up to 15.75% for the year to 15.90% in the fourth quarter which should put you around somewhere around 15.90% for the year. So overall I think we performed very well on our margins relative to what we thought back in January.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, we have been very pleased as well with the efficiency ratio all year really and we are 31% year-to-date, so we are well below the 34% that we indicated back in January. You we are obviously benefitting having very strong revenue growth of 12% year-to-date on the prior year. As you might expect and as we talked about in the past the efficiency ratio will come up in the fourth quarter. And we always spend more in marketing around holiday; we also tend to have more volume related expenses. But due to the strong start of the year in the fourth quarter trend even as we see it, we expect the efficiency ratio will be somewhere around 32% for the full year or so. Significantly better than what we thought back in January.
Brian Doubles: Well I think you always get a little bit more in a revolve in the book when you see a slight uptick in delinquencies, we are seeing that receivable yields were up 13 basis points year over year or so. This is really the first quarter where we have seen that kind of revolve rate and the benefits from the revolve rates poke through the downward pressure we had, just given the really strong growth and payment solutions. So that’s the trend we are talking about all year, payment solutions is growing faster than the rest of the portfolio, roughly 15% growth rates relative to 9 to 10 in care credit and retail card and that was pricing downward pressure on the margins but now we are seeing that high revolve rate kind of poke through and gave us about 13 basis point yield improvement year-over-year.
Brian Doubles: There is probably a little bit there Sanjay, it is not going to be dramatic, I think we have got really nice job this year, using the excess liquidity from the strong deposit growth to pay down the bank term loan I think we feel good about what we have done year-to-date, we get more yield on the cash and securities that we are holding, but I would say anything additional is going to be pretty modest going forward.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, sure Bill. Let me just kind of break down the reserve billed in the quarter. So I would say generally the reserves came in very much in line with our expectations. If you remember we gave in a range of 5.7 to 5.8 in last quarter, we had a rate of 5.7% and this quarter we came in at 5.82%, so better than expected growth over big chunk of that reserve built in the quarter. I think just in the quarter and last 90 days we had 2.4 billion receivable. The recovery assumption that I mentioned earlier, that drove about 36 million of the build in the quarter, which is about 5 basis point of coverage. So if you adjust for that the coverage would have been around 5.77%. So right middle of that range that we provided and if you think about it is helpful just to breakdown the reserve build in the quarter a little bit and this is not just to be cleared, this is not how we calculate the reserve but it gives you way to think about the different pieces. So if you take that 2.4 billion on receivables growth in the quarter and you just take that at the old coverage rate of 5.7% that gives you built of about 135 million of the 221. Right and then you got the coverage rate increased by 12 basis points which is about 86 million. And if you break that down into two pieces you got the 36 million for the recovery pricing that I have mentioned and then you got about 50 million or about 7 basis points as really for that normalization effect that we are seeing in the book over the next 12 months. So hopefully that gives you some pieces on the way to think about it going forward.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, sure Bill. First just a quick reminder of that again we are not fee card bank but obviously we are trying to follow very similar rule that are in place for financial institutions of our sides. Given that new proposals that are out there I think clearly positive development, I think the moment to put in place more reasonable expectations for banks of our size. So we are obviously pleased to see that. I think it is still early to tell how significant the impact maybe, most of the more meaningful proposals I think will be adopted after the 2017 cycle so I have to see kind of what gets finalized but clearly the removable, the qualitative test for smaller financial institutions I think that’s helpful. The treatment of dividends clearly the RWA assumptions those are all helpful but it is really hard to assess an impact until some of these things get finalized but I think it directionally headed the right way for us.
Brian Doubles: Sure Betsy may I just cover the coverage quickly and then Margaret will do the data analytic. So the recovery assumptions as I just mentioned that were drove about $36 million of the reserve built which is about 5 coverage so in August we saw decline in the pricing we are getting on our recovery so obviously we built that in an assumption in the reserve model and we believe that pricing reflects some impact that is new regulation that are being proposed for third party collectors. The proposal will likely make it a little more difficult, little more expensive to collect and we believe that is influencing the pricing in the market. So as those rules get finalizing, collectors get a better sense of the impact here we may see additional impact on the pricing but as it is right now we put out best estimates based on what we are seeing in the market today.
Brian Doubles: Sure Ryan, I think the one thing that get missed when model RSA, one I think obviously seasonality piece of that but I also think that people tend to view it as an offset to credit in isolation and I think it is obviously includes much more than that and so if you look at your year-over-year I mean just talk about the quarter for the second we had obviously very growth, we had better margins fairly big improvement year-over-year, much better efficiency ratio and at least in terms of the margins and efficiency ratio we think that carries through to the fourth quarter but for the seasonal elements that I mentioned earlier and so all of those positive dynamics in the business push the RSA higher. Right and then those improvements in the quarter and our expectations going forward there is going to be an offset there for the incremental provision and so I think you got to carry some of the real positives through in the fourth quarter and then obviously those push the RSA higher offset by what we are expecting on provision.
Brian Doubles: No, we haven’t really made any pricing changes, really as the factors that I indicated we got a little more revolved but if you go back and look at prior periods there is always the seasonal increase from the second quarter to the third quarter. it is maybe a little bit more outside this time but that’s really the driver and then we are getting a slight impact from a slight benefit from the increase in the prime rates, you have seen a little bit of that in the quarter as well.
Brian Doubles: I don’t think so, there is not always the perfect corollary between purchase volume and receivables you saw that as well in the first quarter when the purchase volume far outpace receivables. And I think as we indicated then this quarter we are comparing against the full quarter of BP and we are also comparing against the Amazon launch of 5% off so those are both factors when you look at purchase volume. I think more importantly receivables grow 11%, given what we are seeing in the mix or revolvers in the book which is great for us, that really drives the majority of our earnings and you are seeing that comparing interesting fees.
Brian Doubles: I obviously can't be specific on either program but I would say in both cases they are performing better than our expectations. And I would price modestly better than our expectations only because we really know how to model this, we did 5% off that loans [ph] I think more than five year ago. So we have got really good data in analytics around value propositions particularly really attractive ones like 5% off, 531 in cents [ph] and we know what to expect in terms of transactors, revolvers what we expect to see from tender shift what kind of spend we expect on the card, what kind of payment behaviors and so. We had a pretty good view on what we thought both of those would - how both of those would perform and I would say we are ahead of our expectations on both.
Brian Doubles: Right now these are proposals and these proposals for new regulations around third party collectors. Obviously we sell a portion of our charge off to third parties and we believe that pricing that we are seeing in the market right now is somewhat influenced by these new proposal. So the proposal includes things like more documentation, more work for the third parties to substantiate the debt at the each stages for the collection process, reduce contact other restrictions things like that, additional disclosures and so, lot of these things aren't finalized at this point but I think people are anticipating that at a minimum it is going to be little more difficult, little more expensive based on these new proposals and they are building that into their pricing. So as we started to see that right around in the August time frame, we felt that in the reserve model and that is driving, what I would call relatively modest impact of five basis points on the coverage.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, we did see a decline in the pricing and we think a part of that is driven by this dynamic that I just described on some of these anticipations of some of these new regulations that are coming in. We don’t get obviously complete transparency at the end of the pricing. So this is what we believe at least partly influencing what we are seeing in the market.
Brian Doubles: And then on your loyalty question, that’s a trend that we have continued to see all year. We have obviously introduced many new value propositions over the past year. We introduced the Sam's Club 5-3-1, Amazon Prime 5%, we have got new programs at Chevron and BP, new value proportion at Wal-Mart that three two one, so all of those are obviously influencing both the interchange and the loyalty lines as you see. Generally more loyalties is a good thing, it means we have grown our receivables; we are generating finance charge revenue. The lines also run back to the RSAs there is an offset there and if you are looking at just a relationship between royalty and interchange the one thing I would just point out is this is very different than purpose card, given we have significant value propositions like Amazon where we don’t charge interchange but we still offer very attractive value proposition. We would expect to see loyalty increase a percentage of interchange going forward. That’s really we don’t look at those lines and isolation we really measure on kind of in the context of the overall deal structure. So it is like if we have the opportunity to launch a better value proposition and it is going to drive more usage on the card, generate strong receivables growth that’s a good thing for us, it is a good think for our partners and it really comes down to the shared economic model.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, this has been a very strong year to date performance I mean it is not just a temper expectation, probably not a realistic expectation that we are in a grow revenue in 12% and expense too. So we are very pleased with how we performed year to date. Well obviously we have been given an outlook for 2017, we do the call in January, but I think the important thing is we are very focused on driving operating leverage. This is a scalable business, now that the infrastructure cost are in the run rate, we would expect to continue to generate positive operating leverage over the long run. We are always working to get more efficient across the business, we always start the year with a bunch of productivity initiatives, cutting out waste in the business, getting more efficient, moving more online off the paper and we use those savings that we generate there primarily to invest in long terms growth ideas, so things like mobile, data analytics, CRM, but even taking those investments into account, we’d still - our goal would be to continue to generate operating leverage going forward.
Brian Doubles: I mean it’s hard to get specific, it will be - we still expect a reduction, so more than zero, but less than 19. And we’re talking about basis points, so it’s a big estimate that we make at the end of the year given the seasonal growth. So I can’t get more specific. We do expect it to come down, but just not quite as much as it has in the last three years. You have to remember, in the last three years, we were in an improving environment, so whatever build we’re recording in the fourth quarter was at least partially offset by improved performance and now it’ll be more reflective of growth and the normalization trends that we’re seeing in the portfolio.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, I think we’ll have that in our investor deck that will come out in a few days. But there’s really - you’ll see from that there’s really nothing material contractually kind of the 2019, 2020 timeframe.
