Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. Synchrony's third quarter financial performance highlighted the benefits of our highly diversified business. Across spend categories, product offerings and distribution channels and through our ever-growing network of partners, merchants and providers Americans' financial needs are increasingly powered by the Synchrony ecosystem. Our ability to efficiently and dynamically leverage real-time data and deliver optimized financing solutions and experiences for our customers and partners even as needs evolve and market conditions shift is what enables Synchrony to consistently deliver the outcomes that matter most for our many stakeholders. Utility and value for our customers, sales and loyalty for our partners and providers and sustainable growth and consistent risk-adjusted returns to our shareholders.  With that, I'll turn the call back to Kathryn to open the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: Moshe, the only thing I would add there is, you also have to remember that, that also means that payment rate is going to moderate, and you'll have some top line benefit as well in interest and fees.
Brian Doubles: And frankly, some of our best, most engaged customers are customers who earn rewards outside of the brand, bring those points back into the brand and our partners really -- they really value that. Those are long-term, very valued customers.
Brian Doubles: We try to minimize the ups and downs for our partners as well. So to Brian's point, when times are really good, we don't dig a lot deeper and take advantage of that and then put ourselves in a position where we have to pull way back coming out. I think that consistency and that discipline is important, not just for our own risk and returns, but obviously for our partners, too. So they're not feeling the ups and downs. So we try to stay as consistent as possible.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure. So look, I would start by saying it's still a pretty competitive environment out there. I think given what has happened in some of the fintech space, you've seen a little bit of a pullback there maybe a little bit less aggressive in terms of offers and rates, et cetera. But what I'll tell you is that as we're out talking to our partners and prospects what's really resonating right now is the multiproduct strategy being able to offer Buy Now Pay Later, paying for migrating to other products in our portfolio. Because I think one of the things that our partners have seen is that depending on the consumer, depending on the product that's being purchased, and frankly, depending on the macroeconomic environment, pay gets a lot more expensive in an environment where rates are rising at the pace that they're rising.  So I think partners have taken a step back and now they're trying to rationalize their point of sale and saying, "Hey, look, how do I optimize this for the economy that I'm operating in for my consumer for what they're buying." And what's great is we can go in and say, look, for this product, we think it's a 12-month, 6-month promotional financing product with an opportunity to upgrade them into a revolving product down the road. That's pretty powerful. That's pretty powerful because it gives optionality and it helps them manage the expense side of the equation, too, in terms of what those financing offers cost them on what it takes out of their margins. So we're seeing really good traction in terms of the discussions that we're having out there both with our existing partners as well as new prospects.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Sanjay. Look, I think we're absolutely playing off. I do think there's been a little bit of a checkup in the market now. Partners are thinking about these products and and how they want to design their point of sale for the future. And this is where, again, we think the multiproduct strategy wins over the long term. And I'll comment quickly on just the regulatory environment, we think also favors us. I mean we are heavily regulated today, as you know. And we would certainly advocate for a level playing field. That doesn't exist today. So I think to the extent that some of these products around the periphery become more regulated and more scrutinized than I think that's a net positive for us. And so I think there are some -- a few things that kind of play to our advantage. For the first time in a few years, with valuations where they are, maybe that presents some some attractive M&A opportunities, if there is something on the technology side that would be faster to buy than to build. So that's something that we're always looking at. We've got a very active M&A screen. I think we're also very disciplined, very focused on valuations. And that was one of the things that we didn't see over the last couple of years was attractive entry points. But again, that's something that we run a very active process on, and we'll continue to look at, but very disciplined around valuation and impact to EPS. So...
Brian Doubles: I think what we're starting to see on the merchant side, and I think Brian covered the consumer really well. On the merchant side, I think you will see -- we have started to see and we'll continue to see some adjustment in terms of what financing offers are are presented to the customer because they are trying to manage in a higher interest rate environment, their costs. I mentioned that particularly you get to some of the really short-dated stuff is that gets pretty expensive at your 0% to the consumer and the merchants paying for all of that. So we have seen some partners working to rationalize the product offerings inside of their businesses.
Brian Doubles: Well, I'll start and ask Brian to comment. Look, we are running the business very nimbly right now. We're ingesting thousands of data points every day on what the consumer is doing, payment trends and behaviors. We look at it by program, by product, by geography. We're looking for any indicators that say we need to make some tweaks as we go. And I call them tweaks because this -- for us, this is not an event. It's not 1 day you're risk on and the day of risk off. It's you kind of take what you're seeing every day and you kind of make changes and slight modifications as you go. And we feel really good about our ability to do that. We've invested a lot in our technology platform, our data sources, our tools. And so there isn't 1 thing that we look at. But as we're looking at percent of customers that make the payment, how much above the payment are they making, who's gone late for the first time. Those are all little tells and little signs that say, okay, maybe we go in and we turn the dial a little bit. And so again, we feel really good about our ability to do that. We're not seeing anything right now that is concerning. It's been a very gradual, I'd call it, normalization. As we move through the year, in fact, I think every quarter, we updated our credit guidance and it was always modestly better than we thought 90 days prior. So I think we are still in a pretty good operating environment. We don't see anything that says we got to go in and really ratchet down creating and certainly nothing that says we got to do anything different than what we're doing on the share repurchase side.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Betsy. Look, I think Brian said it earlier, we really don't try to rely on opening the credit box to drive sales, that it typically doesn't end well. So we try and stay very consistent discipline there. What we do work with our partners on is more around the value proposition for the customer. as well as being able to offer multiple products. And I th k that's really where we're focused. We're having really good discussions with our partners around how we're going to support them for hopefully a strong holiday and that is offers, experience, it's offering new products that are tailored for their customer. I think it's really that entire kind of ecosystem that we work on with our partners to drive sales for them. It's a proven model. I think we've only enhanced it with the investments we've made over the last couple of years, and we're pretty optimistic that we're going to support them, and hopefully a strong holiday and into a hopefully strong 2023.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So again, the guide for the quarter, better than our expectation, to be honest with you, as we exited out of the third quarter, delinquency and the loss is a little bit better than our expectation. And when we look at the attributes inside of the portfolio by credit grade, they're performing still better than 2019. So the credit normalization ramp that we see is really on target from what we had projected. And I really view that we'll get back to that mean loss rate as we exit out of 2023 absent a significant change in the macroeconomic event. When you think about the fourth quarter, I mean when you look at our 90-day plus past due delinquencies at $1.2 billion, that's going to lead to a rise in charge-off dollars, but not unexpected and not anything that we look at and say that we're concerned about relative to an accelerating credit normalization trend. So we feel good about credit.  We feel good about the portfolio distribution that we have. And we see back to 2019 levels, including in the nonprime population. So again, we're on target, absent a significant change in the macroeconomic event. When you then parlay that into reserves, right, when you think about the reserves that we have in the books now, clearly, when we look at the unemployment rate, when you have credit normalization, that unemployment rate is projected to be higher, right, in the core model. And then we have overlays for, I would say, a more conservative macro environment. So we believe that the reserve postings going forward, again, should be more growth-driven than anything else, which I think is what you're seeing here in the third quarter.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So if you think about the betas that we've experienced to date, so if I look at high-yield savings, roughly around 70% when you think about your 12-month CD rate, when you look at that relative to a swap, it's between 75% and 80%. I would expect, Ryan, to see that tick up a little bit, say, high-yield savings around 80%, and you may see 12-month CDs go to around 1. Again, I think a lot of this is going to depend upon the competition in the market and what funding needs people have. We need to remain competitive with both our digital partners as well as money market funds with regard to that. So we continue to be encouraged by the strong franchise. We've been able to grow deposits after a couple of years of actually shrinking deposits. to manage the margin. So we're encouraged with the franchise and what we're building there. And I think we've been opportunistic with regard to when we access the wholesale market and how we really operate inside both the CD and high-yield savings. We swung to a liability sensitive. We're a little bit more this quarter, not materially more, but a little bit more. But I think locking in certificate of deposits for 12 to 16 months is going to set us up nicely for 2023. And again, we'll be back in January when we see where we exit out of 2022 from a Fed funds perspective and what the Fed anticipates a terminal will be and we'll back to provide some color on how to think about that in next year.
Brian Wenzel: Moshe, again, I think as we've said, and I know people have been frustrated with it, the RSA is acting as a design. So when charge-offs kind of troughed out the RSA peak, now we start to see charge-off dollars rising partially offset by higher interest and fees, but really seeing that flow through the RSA, which gave us a sub-5% RSA for this quarter. Most certainly, we've incorporated that into the guide into the fourth quarter. Again, I think we'll be back in January to kind of give you the trajectory. There's nothing that we look at, Moshe, that says, as you move back towards that normalized mean loss rate of 5.5% that we're going to be outside of the traditional RSA range of 4% to 4.5%. So from a charge-off perspective, it's acting as designed and should go back. Clearly, I think we're going to have to look at how net interest margin and program performance works. But again, we think generally, you're going to see the RSA rate trend down as charge-offs trend up.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The only thing I'd highlight, Brian, you talked quite a bit about the multiproduct approach here and having the right product for our customers. And when you look at our partner bases, whether it's PayPal, Venmo, Verizon, Walgreens, and some of the other core retailers, TJX, that product just fits nicely into the portfolio. And we do it in a line structure very different than our competitors. So it allows us to control the risk in the portfolio and really optimize the balance.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So when we go to the latter part. The lower new account is really the portfolio sold during the second quarter. If you look at it on a core basis, which strips out those portfolios were up 2%, and generated, again, 5.8 million new accounts. From an underwriting standpoint, we have not seen in the portfolio attributes which would require us to take kind of measures across the entire portfolio. That said, Mihir, we always are making refinements and changes to our underwriting standards. We look at partners and performance. So again, we don't see attributes where we need to take a broad-based action. But we are most really taking some small refinements. I also want to go back to what's really unique about our underwriting and what we've done over the last several years is we have not relied upon credit to be the primary driver of growth.  So we haven't changed our underwriting standards. We haven't gone out like a lot of other issuers to use that and credit lines in order to get new accounts. We have people coming to us because they're the most loyal customers of our partners and really want to engage with the value propositions and the brand. And because we get so much data from our partners because we're using unique attributes, which we highlighted in PRISM at our Investor Day. And then you you combine those attributes and rolling together, we think we're making actually hopefully smarter decisions on risk at the end of the day and not having to take more risk. And again, we see nothing that today says we need to tighten across the board. But again, we have the abilities and the tools to manage that risk appropriately if we see a change in the portfolio.
Brian Wenzel: And just 1 final point on that, Mihir, just adding on to Brian's point. If you go back, we provided a chart before, if you look at the volatility in credit through cycles, we're just generally less volatile because of the way in which our line structures are in this underwriting standards and most certainly, you can go back, we've shown the chart a number of different times, and it's because the severity and the consistency kind of gives us a competitive advantage.
Brian Wenzel: Sure, Sanjay. So when you think about NIM, if I think about it sequentially for the quarter, we picked up about 30 basis points of prime benefit in the yields. We looked up about 4 benefits relating to merchant discounts. So when you look at the prime impact of 30 merchant discount for some of the investment portfolios on the cash position, picking up 16, we largely offset the interest expense increase. So certainly neutral. The important part, though, Sanjay, is -- when I look at the price benefit, the effect of prime for the quarter was 4.75%. We tend to be a little bit slower the way our cards bill out and change APRs. So we have some more room to increase that as we move into the fourth quarter. When you think about the merchant discount pricing, we're about 60% to 70% of that price through to our partners, and that's something that we try to be measured on and deal with competition.  So we think that from a margin perspective, most certainly, I think in the guide in the fourth quarter, we should get those tailwinds kind of coming through again. Some of the portfolio will be resetting as you got a full quarter price for some of the CDs and things like that, that we put on in the third quarter as well as the increase in the high-yield savings, but we feel good about it. Again, I think locking up at these rates, if you believe that the interest rate cycle is going to continue to move up here in the latter part of the fourth quarter into next year, having those particular positives and being a little bit liability sensitive right now, should benefit us next year as we move forward. Again, we'll be back in January with probably some more comprehensive thoughts on it, Sanjay. But that's kind of how to think about it. So we got a small lift when I go back to the revolve rate and fees going up with delinquencies, partially offset by reversals. But again, the prime rate is flowing through.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Let me start, and then Brian may add some commentary. John, when we look at the consumer spending behavior patterns. We're not seeing very much changed, right? They're being very consistent. They are making choices, right, where people are saying, okay, maybe I'm sending a little bit more for grocery or gas, spending a little bit less on T&E. But we're seeing very much consistency as we think about average transaction value and frequency consistently throughout the year. And we look at it by credit grade by platform. We look at the world composition components. So everything seems to be consistent. So the customer itself is not migrating or changing their spending behavior patterns. We continue to see just tremendous positive growth relative to our Millennial and Gen Z. They make about 25% of our sales. They're our fastest-growing cohort at, call it, 400 to 500 basis points higher than the company average. So they continue to to view that. Again, the value propositions have to resonate with the customers, and we continue to think that in the multiproduct and distribution model that we have, we just think is attractive. So we have not seen the consumer from a spending behavior pattern change significantly, again, making smarter decisions, but overall level of spend, not really changing.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. John, we'll be back in January and 2023 as a whole. But I think if you think about the RSA, charge-offs move immediately through the RSA line, right? So you're going to see that impact as that normalizes into 2023, that will provide a benefit to the RSA. The other 2 components, I think, to think about is reserve postings or otherwise flow through the RSA a little bit of a lag. So that will impact it. But again, Brian consistently points out rightfully so that as credit normalizes, we would expect to see your revenue increase and the yield increase on the portfolio. So again, if we don't see the payment rate change, you're not going to have that normalization, they have to work in concert. So again, I think those are the general gives and takes. I think the other thing will be how cost of funds really moves and that flows through as a benefit to the RSA in a rising rate environment.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The way I think about it, Kevin, is you have this period of time where the consumer is working through, number one, excess liquidity that they have. So that saves rate. Now we'll carry you through, particularly on some of the higher spenders well into 2023. In some of the lower credit quality cohorts and you're seeing wage gains that are offsetting inflation. So you have some tailwinds with regard to spend, and you see that strong spending behavior pattern. What we probably anticipate is as some of that savings drives up and some of maybe the lack of -- or the utilization of lower discretionary spending because people aren't going in the office every day. As that tightened a little bit, what you're going to see is probably spending come down and payment rate come down. But I think what you're going to see first is payment rate begin to slow. Spending stay there, you're going to see balances go up. And then you're going to see purchase volumes slow. So I think there could be a elongation of asset growth here in the short term. Again, we'll have to see how the economy and the macroeconomics and plays out for a medium term. But clearly, there are probably more tailwinds than headwinds in the short term.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Brian covered Let me just talk a little bit about capital. I think when we look at our business model, we have tremendous -- I think we're selling seeing the margin and our capital generation capacity. So I think as we look out, we look at what's our ability to generate capital, we look at the growth in the RWAs, we look at preserving the dividend. And then we run our stress test. And again, as we continue to run those quarterly, we don't see anything even in some of the most severe scenarios that would have us alter or slow down the repurchase activities and capital plans we have in place, but we do that every quarter. we'll continue to do it. And as long as we can continue to generate strong returns, we feel good about our capital position moving towards our target. But ultimately, we're going to have to fully develop the capital stack to achieve the target, and that's a little bit reliant upon the capital markets, but we feel good there. And again, I think when you put the story together, we really do feel good about the margin of the business when you think about the yield and the losses and then capital generation capacity.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Rick. So when you look at how we have built our reserve models, right? So you look at our baseline macroeconomic forecast, which, again, we take from Moody's as a starting point, and which shows, call it, an employment rate next year of 4%. When we think about credit normalization, right, and getting back to that 5.5% as we look at the underwriting cohorts we put on over the last couple of years, that migration back to 5.5%. The implied unemployment rate in the model is higher than that. So think about something that's probably closer to the mid-4s effectively. We don't necessarily put that in. But effectively, it shows a higher unemployment rate. We then, on an overlay basis, say, okay, if there is some concern, what does that scenario look like? So effectively, it gives us a higher coverage as we sit here today than than what you would normally expect given the delinquency profile if you just looked at it by its own.  So unless there's a significant deterioration beyond that, and we don't see that, then you're really going to be in growth driven reserves. If we just looked at delinquencies today and ran our quantitative models, it would be below day 1 CECL, right? So we think we're adequately reserved today to encompass what we think is going to happen in in 2023 and moving out. So we feel good about it. I think when you look at the delinquencies that we have in here for 3Q, it gives you a pretty good line of sight into what to expect both fourth quarter and most likely first quarter. So you can plan that out. And again, absent something significantly change in the macro environment, we feel pretty good about where the coverage is and that we're adequately reserved for under various scenarios.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. But I think you have to look at it. If I just ran the pure quantitative model, I'd just go back to this point again, you'll be below day 1 CECL. And it's really the qualitative models and those overlays that is pushing you higher than day 1 and in theory allowing. So if you looked inside our quarter, our quantitative models moved up and our qualitatives moved down as it kind of got embedded into the core delinquency formation. So again, I know we don't provide a lot of ability and people don't provide visibility into all those different models, but they are working in concert with each other. And that's where we get comfort that we're appropriately provisioned at the end of the quarter.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Again, Betsy, we'll be back in January to give you a lot better guidance and visibility into NIM. The way I would think about it, the pieces that you have moving inside of NIM, again, from the yield side, you're going to have the slowing payment rate give you better revolve in the short term, higher late fees, partially offset by some reversals. You're going to see this continued effect of prime moving. We bill almost on a 45-day lag to when prime changes. So you're going to see that effect of prime move through the portfolio. We have the ability to adjust merchant pricing. So those are the, I call it, tailwinds to NIM. Again, I do think locking in certificates of deposits at this rate, if you do believe that the Fed is going to continue to rise into 2023, while it may give you a little bit of pressure in the current quarter or 2 is going to be better as you move throughout the following year. So it's that shift. Again, a lot of this is going to depend upon what money market funds do and what other institutions do. We clearly see some customers migrating for yield, but we were going to remain competitive. The positive news for us, we also see money flowing out of big money center banks that aren't paying a lot for deposits, which gives us an attractive source. And again, so we're optimistic that we can manage the funding profile, and we'll be back in January to detail a little bit more.
