Greg Ketron: Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today’s press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today’s call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-party. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I’d like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I’ll provide a quick wrap up and then we’ll open the call for Q&A. We remain focused on our strategic priorities, working daily to drive organic growth, deliver value to our partners, attract new profitable programs and make the investments necessary to develop innovative solutions that help our partners address the evolving retail landscape. When our partners win, we win. Our results this quarter including the numerous renewals and program launches demonstrate our commitment to our partners and cardholders, and the value they derive from our products and services. Returning capital to shareholders also remains a key focus and we are pleased to have increased our dividend payout this quarter and to repurchase $390 million of our common stock. And we are doing this as we continue to grow our business, while maintaining strong returns and a solid balance sheet in the process. I’ll now turn the call back to Greg to open up to Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. So I’d say we haven’t really seen a change in the competitive landscape. I think pricing is really one piece of the puzzle. The things that our partners really focus on is capabilities first, and then, obviously, once you get into that process then pricing becomes the end discussion. So we’re working hard to ensure and you see that in some the things we talked about earlier around our investments and how we’re trying to really work to innovate what our partners really need. So I’d say no real change that we’re seeing right now and we’re just focused on keeping our head down, and really trying to deliver for our partners as we go through this large retail transformation that’s occurring.
Margaret Keane: So I’m going to take that one, if it’s okay. We -- look, we showed this quarter that we’re interested in winning deals. We’re obviously very interested in winning deals. I can’t really comment on a particular portfolio that’s out in the marketplace. However, we’re really always open to attractive opportunities that meet our return hurdles, that are strategic for our business, that allow us the opportunity to continue to grow. So we’re continuing to work hard on our pipeline, looking at various opportunities across all three of our platforms and we’re going to continue to drive that through this year and into next year.
Margaret Keane: We’d have to -- yeah, I think, the answer is, we would be interested. We’d have to really figure out how we would structure that. It’s a -- It gets a little more complicated from a funding perspective when you’re outside the U.S. So we’d have to figure that out. But, obviously, we’re always talking to people about different opportunities and we would continue to work with our partners to establish something that they felt strongly about.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. So, I’d say, I’ll start, I think, one of the things that we have to make sure, particularly in the space that we’re in, because our customers, our customers and the retailers, we really have to be thoughtful about the impact on them, because our goal is always to make them feel like we’re caring about them, we’re listening to their needs. So we have taken a number of actions to ensure we’re addressing the customer needs and Brian could you just talk about the financial impact of that.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So, on renewals, I think, I’ve said this, we are trying to renew every day, right. It’s really a function of partnering with our retailers and making sure we are meeting their needs on an everyday basis. We do have some renewals coming up. We feel very confident that we’ll be able to renew those relationships. We’re working hard to make sure the dialogues happening in the right areas and hopefully we’ll be able to announce some things next year. And then the second question. I’d say two things. It’s -- we always look at opportunities that are outside the U.S. I think it really becomes a question of -- growth -- is it enough, where there’s enough growth. We have to think about funding, as I said. We have to think about more regulators to our mix. So we want to make sure we’re not overstretching ourselves from a regulatory point of view. I think what we’re really focused on right now is really looking at what I would call more opportunities to do some tuck-ins where it makes sense, an example is, we purchased GPShopper, as an example. That’s been a really nice acquisition for us in terms of, one, building out our capability and some of the things we’re doing from a mobile perspective, but I think also helping some of our partners build out their mobile capability. And I think you’ll see us doing things more like that in each of our platforms as we go into 2018.
Margaret Keane: Right. So -- yeah, so, I would say, when -- our toughest renewal period was right before the IPO, because we went out and made sure we renewed all of our contracts so that when we came out to the IPO we had some stability in our portfolio. I think what generally happens is, the retailers looking for something whether it’s a new value prop, a new innovation or something that is important to them and it gives us an opportunity to open the dialogue up to say, okay, we can invest XYZ. We’ll put more in this particular area but we’re going to need an extension. That’s usually how that happens. There are cases for some retailers where there’s a requirement as part of their policy that they do have to RFP. So in some cases we just have to go through that process. But, again, I feel like we have very good relationships right now. Our partners need us probably more now than ever given the transformation that’s occurring in retail. I think the strategic investments that we’re making are really, really important. Having the digital seamless process for the customer, as well as really leveraging and being more real-time as we’re trying to work towards data, I think, are two really, really important initiatives for us to really help our partners as they go through that transformation. I think one positive we have is, we can see the transaction wherever it’s happening, right, whether it’s on a mobile phone, online or in the store, and we can see how that customer is shopping. And what we really want to get to is an ability to really integrate kind of the point-of-sale experience with big data and make that real-time. And there’s a lot of work going on right now to really try to work hard to get that to happen.
Margaret Keane: So year-over-year our online sales were up about 16% and if you look at our Retail Card where we have good measures, our sales penetration is 24%. So we continue to feel really positive about our ability to grow that channel. And again, I think, what we’re really trying to do is roll out and we’re in the midst of doing some of this, some enhanced capability to our partners to make that process from applying and servicing on your mobile phone much more seamless. I think many of you heard last year we had SyPi, which is a plug-in app that we do with our retails. We’re rolling that out as an example more effectively across all our big retailers. So we see this as a continued really important opportunity for us. And I think similar to what I said on the last question, when you integrate that with really the data, I think, that’s really where we’ll have a real win and we’re working it to try to get that information to be real-time and that’s really what we’re focused on right now.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. I think, what we’re trying to do here is really look at CareCredit. I think, we have very high penetration in the verticals that we’ve been in for a while whether essential to that very high penetration of the partners. What we’re really looking at right now is and you’re seeing that in the growth is expanding into new verticals where we see an opportunity. When we do the verticals, one of the things we want to make sure, we never want to be in a position where if this is all not done where someone’s in surgery or something like that, we’re doing it outside, any of those types of areas. But one of the things, I think, you’re seeing is health care costs continue to go up. I think CareCredit is offering an opportunity to our customers to leverage and use some of our promotional financing to take care some of their very important health care needs and wellness needs. So, I think, we’re really excited about how we’re going after these verticals and driving that growth. And then, lastly, I’d say we’ve been in Rite Aid testing CareCredit as the utility card across some other areas and that’s an example where we’re seeing nice growth as well. So we’re continuing to look at what are the right areas to continue to expanding in CareCredit. I will tell you that the customers love that product. We have very high brand recognition. It’s a great little platform for us and one that we’re going to continue to invest heavily and really drive growth.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Bill, I think, really what you’re seeing is the delinquency related to both the second half of ‘15 vintage in the first half of ‘16 vintages mature. They’re right at the point right now about 18 months out where they hit the peak delinquencies. And so if you think about the benefits from the underwriting changes that we made, those are just now starting to work their way through the portfolio. And so you’ll start to see those in the overall delinquency stats probably in the call it the first half of 2018 about six months in advance of net charge-offs leveling off, which we think happens in the back half of 2018. So I’d say delinquencies are trending in line with our expectations and again, just really driven by the normal seasoning pattern in those second half of ‘15, first half of ‘16 vintages.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. I think, Rick, it’s a great question. I think you’re going to see the impact of the tighter underwriting in a couple areas. I think we’ve seen a modest impact when it comes to purchase volume. You can see that -- we saw that trend a little bit last quarter, a little bit more this quarter. Obviously, that’s where you feel the impact, I guess, more immediately. I think, longer-term and I would expect to start see a little bit of this in the fourth quarter. We would expect to see a little less benefit from revolve. I think we’ll still see good revolve rate on the portfolio. That’s the business that we’re. That’s what drives our earnings. I don’t view this as a fundamental change. But if I think about the significant lift in our margins that we got really starting second half of last year also this year, I think, that’s going to start to wane a bit, and I think, you’ll start to see a little bit of that in the fourth quarter and a little bit more of that probably in 2018.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Mark. Look, we’re very focused on productivity and I think so far year-to-date we’ve driven about 70 basis points on the efficiency ratio from 31% last year down to 30.3% so far year-to-date. So we are generating good operating leverage in the core business. We’re obviously using some of those productivity savings to increase the spend on our strategic investments. Certainly, revenue and margin has trended above expectations so far this year, so that’s helping us a bit. If you go back and you take a two-year look, the efficiency ratio in 2015 was 33.5% and we’ve driven that to just below 31% in two years. That feels like a fair amount of operating leverage for us to be generating while funding all of our strategic investments. So, what I would tell you that the huge focus of the management team, we’re always looking at ways to get more efficient in the areas that don’t directly impact our partners and our customers, cutting waste out of the business and then taking those savings, and obviously, showing some productivity, but also driving those savings back into strategic investments that are going to pay off two years, three years, four years, five years down the road
Brian Doubles: It’s going to be along the same lines as the stuff we invested in this year. We’re spending on digital, mobile. We’re spending a lot on analytics. All the things that are helping us really outperform what has been a fairly weak retail environment right now. These are the things, as Margaret talked about, were -- it’s really important for us to help our retailers as we go through this transformation. So we need to be kind of investing ahead of the curve in order to sustain the type of growth that we’ve had.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. So, the reserve build -- the primary components are the same, credit normalization and strong receivables growth. If you break it down more specifically, think about approximately $20 million was related to hurricanes and recoveries, the two items that we spiked out individually for you guys, and then the balance of $340 million was really split roughly 50-50 between growth and normalization. So if you adjust for the two specific items, the build was pretty much in line with the prior two quarters, also in line with the outlook that we gave you back in April. So, I think, as you alluded to more importantly, just based on the trends that we’re seeing and the impact of the underwriting changes that we’ve made, we think the reserve will start to moderate beginning in the fourth quarter and then trend from there as we head into 2018. Obviously, we’ll give you a more complete outlook when we do our January call.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. As you think about the RSA, we trended well below our original expectation. If you remember back in January, we thought the RSA would be around 4.5%. We’re now seeing it somewhere in the 4% range, so there’s 50 basis points of an offset there versus our original expectations. You’ll start to see a little bit higher RSA starting in the fourth quarter. So with the reserve build trending down to the $275 million range versus where it’s been all year, the benefit of that lower build will obviously be shared with the retailers, so you’ll see a little bit of higher RSA in the fourth quarter. That brings us back to that kind of 4% level and then we would expect that trend to continue into 2018.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Yeah. Let me give you a couple pieces as we think about the fourth quarter. So, first, as you mentioned, the most significant impact is just normal seasonality. So when you get that big seasonal build in receivables, you typically see a decline in yield as you move from the third quarter to the fourth quarter. That spend is much as 50 basis points to 60 basis points if you go back historically and look at it. And then, I think, you’ll have a couple of smaller impacts. I do think we’ll see slightly higher deposit betas than we’ve seen so far in the rate cycle. I don’t think it’s anything dramatic, but it’s probably a little more competition than what we saw all year. We start to see a little bit of that in the kind of latter half of the third quarter. I think that will continue into the fourth and into 2018. So far we’ve outperformed our expectations when it comes to deposit betas, I think we’ll just give a little bit of that back, so that’s in the forecast for the fourth quarter. We’ll also have a slight impact from some of the relief related to hurricane impacted areas. We think that will be pretty small but that’s included there as well. So I think you’ve got seasonality is the big driver and then you’ve got a couple of other small things that will work their way through in the fourth quarter.
Brian Doubles: Well, if you’re talking specifically in the fourth quarter, it really is just seasonality. As you start to look seasonality and the two either items I mentioned, deposit betas being a little bit higher and a little bit of relief impact from the hurricanes. So those are kind of the specific dynamics for the fourth quarter. And then the one, I think, just to contemplate for -- as we move into 2018, in response to some of the underwriting changes we’ve made, we’ll probably have a little less benefit from higher revolve rate. So if you think about the second half of last year all through this year, we got a pretty substantial benefit from higher revolve. And I think that will just wane a little bit in line with credit starting to level off in the back half of ‘18. So those two things are obviously very linked and so we would expect to see a little less revolve as we move forward into ‘18.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Betsy. I’d say, overall, it’s a pretty modest impact on the business. Obviously, starting with purchase volume, obviously the areas impacted by the hurricanes that resulted in some lost sales relative to our forecast. Wasn’t that material, but obviously something we expected to see. I think over the longer term, we would expect to see an increase in certain spend categories as people start to rebuild. We’re obviously waiving certain fees and charges in the impacted areas. That had about a 10-basis-point impact on margins, so it’s pretty small. We’ll likely have another similar impact in the fourth quarter. And then just in terms re-aging balances, because I know this has been a topic, we do waive minimum payments to give some customers additional time to pay, but we typically don’t move deeply delinquent accounts back to current, just given the odds of collecting on those accounts are very low to begin with. So there really wasn’t a benefit on net charge-offs due to hurricanes in the quarter for us, just based on our policies.
Brian Doubles: We do expect to have a little bit of an increase in net charge-offs, obviously, as we move into the fourth quarter, that was -- we recorded that in the reserve build this quarter.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Sanjay, that’s probably more specific than we want to get on 2018 at this point. But what I’d tell you is we think it’s 4% for the year. It’s going to come up a bit in the fourth quarter and then we do expect the reserve builds to moderate, and if the reserve builds moderate, we would expect the RSAs to be higher than they were this year. So I’m not going to give you…
Brian Doubles: Yeah. No. It’s a good question, Moshe. And obviously, picking an individual quarter where this is going to occur is somewhat challenging. But I think the easiest way to think about it is, when credit is exactly flat in your 12-month outlook, then your reserve build should be pretty much just growth related. Now that’s easier said than done, because you’re always putting on new vintages. Those vintages are seasoning, so you’ve always got a component of normalization or vintage seasoning in your reserve. And so that’s why what I think is a better expectation for all of you to have is that you start to see a modest decline in the reserve builds off of the current trend, right. So going from a core reserve build of around $340 million to something more in the $275 million range next quarter indicates some level of improvement in that forward-looking view on losses. To the extent that that outward view, that 12-month view continues to improve and stabilize, then you would expect to see the trend in reserve builds kind of follow along the same lines. So I know that’s not a specific answer on which quarter. What we have is a combination of what you’re seeing in the delinquency content, what you’re seeing in the vintage seasoning and then what is -- what does all that mean for your 12-month forward view on losses.
