Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. I could not be more proud of the Synchrony team and all that we have achieved this year for our partners, customers and stakeholders. Whether it’s been through investments in our digital innovations, strategic partner integrations, expansion into new distribution channels or the addition of new product offerings, Synchrony has continued to evolve and enhance the ways in which we connect our partners and customers through our financial ecosystem. This has positioned us as a leader in the digital commerce revolution with very exciting opportunities ahead of us. We will continue to win new partners and renew existing ones. And at the same time, we’ll further diversify our programs, products and the markets we operate in. And of course, underpinning it all is our laser-like focus on our integrated product set and providing that best-in-class customer experience that drives value, loyalty and superior outcomes for our partners and customers. Synchrony will continue to outperform over the long term, as we provide our partners and customers with the power of choice. As we deliver on our key strategic priorities, we will continue to drive consistent growth at attractive returns and unlock even greater value for our stakeholders. And with that, I’ll turn the call back to Kathryn to open the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: Yes. What I – the color I’d add, Sanjay, is that when you look across purchase volume across all our segments, we’re seeing strength in all the platforms. So that diversification is pulling through. And I think when there’s a comparison to some of our peers, what gets lost here is the resiliency in our business, right? We do not have as much volume decline as others or asset decline as others last year. So we are being more consistent with that. And listen, I definitely agree. As we entered into 2022, we came off a record purchase volume. I think as we think about the first month of the quarter, we’re seeing a strong mid-teens growth in purchase volume as that continues. And we do see – and I’m sure we’ll talk later in the call on payment rates, we are seeing some moderation. So I do think you can see that high single digits. And in certain scenarios, we have one scenario that says you can get me in double digits with regard to loan growth. So we feel really good about the model and where we’re entering 2022.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Great question. Brian and I look at this. That’s not necessarily a bad thing. It really means that our customers are engaging with our products and driving volume. So you’re right, it is volume-driven, number one. And you can see that in our dual card volume, our co-branded volume. Our new programs are contributing to some of that rise. And then the final thing is, obviously, value proposition changes where we refresh value props to drive volume factor in there. The other important element that sometimes gets lost is this is a program expense where approximately 80% of this is shared back through the RSA. So we don’t bear the burden. And I think, again, going back to the unique model, we don’t have to inject a lot of marketing to drive growth. We don’t have to inject a lot in the loyalty. And then our partners are sharing both in the marketing expenses and the loyalty. So there’s a natural buffer in the RSA. So again, a lot of it’s offset in RSA, and it’s generally a good thing that rising means our customers are engaging with our products.
Brian Doubles: Yes. First of all, good morning, Betsy, I would not consider that a 2022 related metric. We’re in a transitory year relative to the revenue. So I think you begin to look at that when you move into 2023 and how the revenue really develops. Again, we’re going to control the expense dollars. We can control that. The actual output of that has a denominator that’s a little bit less controlled, given the payment rate – elevation and payment rate.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So I would look at the investment being primarily in the second and third quarter. That's where we'd like to have it in there to get the leverage effect of it. Obviously, it will depend upon the types of actions. And again, I think there will be a combination of actions that both had tried to reduce the fixed cost of the business as well as incremental investments really to drive the growth side of the business. So Brian and I will review that with the team and set our plans out and hopefully be able to give you an update at our first quarter earnings call in April.
Brian Doubles: It's going to be a combination of things. It will be and potentially could be – we'll look at some of the fixed costs that we have in the business relative to facilities. It could be refreshes of certain programs where we may reissue cards and do things like that, campaigns like that. It could be in technology where we may try to accelerate and continue the acceleration of our digital capability. So it's a combination, but Brian hit on it. We're going to go through a review and the best projects with the best payback and IRs will ultimately win.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Don, so look, I'd say the regulatory environment has been fairly stable. Obviously, we saw the CFPB's request for information regarding fees. First, I'd just say that we always strive to be very transparent in terms of our disclosures with our consumers. We really don't have a lot of fees other than late fees. As you know, those are already governed and calculated by the CFPB. We're completely compliant with that and their guidance on late fees today. So we'll obviously stay close to that, but nothing more to report really at this point.
Brian Doubles: Yes. The way I think about it Kevin, is when we look at it average late fee for incident, and being that we're in the safe harbor with the CFPB, it shouldn't be any real difference between us and I'd say industry participants. I think if you go back historically, under the CARD Act, our revenue when CARD Act changes went into place, essentially remained the same. We went back to partners and we worked that. So I think historically, we've had and run the play where if the environment shifts with regard to how the revenue may or may not be impacted, we'll work with our partners to, again, provide the value to our customers to them and their return an appropriate risk-adjusted return.
Brian Doubles: Sure. So if you think about delinquency John, delinquency should yield higher revolve and higher late fees that flows generally immediately through the RSA. The same things with charge-offs. So when they happen, it goes to media. There's no lag, no delay. Loyalty is the exact same way, it flows through in the period of which have been counted. So to the extent that you see higher interest and fee yield that will flow through, giving upward bias to the RSA charge-offs will give you the downward bias and then either marketing or loyalty depending upon which program expense line comes through, that will also provide immediate downward bias through the RSA.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I mean a lot of really exciting growth opportunities in front of us for 2022, John. You hit on a bunch of them. I would say Venmo and Verizon are doing extraordinarily well, both quantitatively and qualitatively. The feedback that I get on the Venmo experience is just off the charts, the feedback that we get on the Verizon value prop and how much you're able to save. And the fact that, that card is definitely acting like a top of wallet card, which is exactly what we intended. We couldn't be more pleased with the performance of both of those. We also launched Walgreens, as you know, it's still very early there, but I think we've got a customer experience, very integrated, both in-store, online, mobile, et cetera. And then Pay-in-4, obviously, it's still very early, but we've got a really good pipeline of partners that we'll be integrating this year. In addition to individual partner integrations, we're also looking at broader distribution opportunities in health and wellness. We're going to be turning this on in that, in dermatology in the first quarter. We think just given the ticket size there, it's a product that will really resonate. The providers are excited about it. So just a lot to focus on for the team, this is definitely a year of execution. I think we've got the product set that we want. We made a lot of progress on distribution channels and now it's just getting those products out there as much as we can. So they're available to consumers, and we're laser-like focused on the customer experience. I mean at the end of the day, that's what's winning out there, and you just can't invest enough and making sure that you can make it really easy to apply for our products, really easy to service and really easy to buy. So that's where we're focused, but a lot of exciting things for 2022.
Brian Doubles: And Brian hit on this earlier. I mean, we are seeing some positive developments in terms of the payment rate in terms of fewer people paying in full. And so I think there's some indication that there will be some reversion to the mean in 2022. It's hard to call exactly when and how much. But again, if you look at the purchase volume across the platforms, we feel really good, closing out a record year last year and as you look across all platforms we see broad-based growth in purchase volume. And we did have every one of our platforms in the fourth quarter, had positive receivables growth. So it's a pretty good setup as you look to 2022.
Brian Doubles: Absolutely to the latter part, we could see loan growth going faster than credit normalization. It may be able to say. They're more likely than not, they're going to move in sync. We do not generally see a scenario where credit normalization happens and you have elevated payment rates, the way we have. That would be highly unusual and probably not something we've ever seen before.
Brian Wenzel: The last thing I’ll add, Sanjay, just if you look at that across the platforms, it’s pretty broad-based. Purchase volume digital was up 22%. D&V [ph] up 26%. We got a ton of room to grow in health and wellness, their sales were up 14% in the fourth quarter. So again, pretty broad-based growth, and it’s nice to have turned the corner with all of our platforms having positive receivable growth year-over-year in the fourth quarter.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The way I would think about it, Sanjay, is as you see the payment rate decline, you’re going to see the yield go up on the book, right? The reversals that come ultimately will be with the charge-offs, which will trail that and it’s not one for one. It never has been. The impact on the NIM this year, it is benefiting from reversals, but not necessarily the key driver behind it. So it trails and it won’t be one for one.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Great question, Moshe. First of all, I want to start with the expenses. We’re up – when you strip out the impairment and discrete items that we elected to execute based upon some gains we had in the quarter, our expenses are up 5% year-over-year. And if you think about that, just to start, a lot of it is employee-driven, right. We increased our hourly wage to employees. We also had some onetime adjustments relative to some critical roles in the organization when you think about data scientists, technology, et cetera. So the base in the run rate as we see going forward is pretty stable. And as I said in my prepared remarks, first of all, we don’t have to inject a lot of money into this in order to drive our growth. So the expense base, as we step through each of the quarters, will be relatively consistent. As you think about the efficiency ratio, clearly, the revenue and the yield is lower than we anticipated. So I think over the course of that, call it, the revenue normalization between 2022 and 2023, you will see come back and we see a pathway back to that 32%, 33%. But right now, we’re managing hopefully tightly to the dollar amount as we step through. Again, it’s mainly volume oriented now with more active accounts and higher volume that go through the associations or networks.
Brian Wenzel: I would say on a dollar basis that would generally be true. I think what we’re going to drive is there will be an increase in the variable components of that, but we’ll drive productivity to offset that and keep the expense base relatively flat. So I wouldn’t say there’s a shift to be fixed. It’s we’re going to drive productivity and get operating leverage.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So thanks for the question, Ryan. Let me deal with the latter part of your question. The $130 million and any potential offsets we have will not be in the run rate. They will be onetime. So when we actually make those decisions, and that could be a wide ranging effect. That could deal with some of our fixed costs and again, continuing to adjust for the way in which we work. There could be some investments in marketing programs, and we’ll highlight those, but it should not go into the run rate of the business and would be additive to what we have here on the page. I think generally, when you think about the expense base, we are going to generate positive operating leverage, and that’s the way the model was set up. So that as we think about the expenses this year, our view would be that we would have greater growth relative to the assets and the revenue. So we do believe we’re going to get operating leverage. We’re going to manage the positive operating leverage throughout as we step through 2022.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So let me – I’m probably going to give you a longer answer on credit, Ryan, because I do think it’s important to get this background. To specifically answer your question, we have not seen anything discernible in our results, and I’ll explain to you where we come out. But there’s nothing that we see that says this is performing worse than our expectations. I think we understand there’s a lot of concern about what the term credit normalization means and how fast that comes and the ranging damage. I want to give you a framework. First, we talked about, earlier in the call, in my prepared remarks, about the delinquency being 60 basis points better and 30 basis points better than previous periods when you exclude the held for sale. So the delinquency formation of how that will give you lost content for the first half of the year is in great shape. I think, Ryan, when we look at the vintage performances, both on a cumulative basis and a coincident basis and look at it from 2018 forward in these six-month kind of tranche views, each of the vintages from 2018 through 2020 have improved. And we see no deterioration in those vintages as we sit here at the end of 2021. When you look at 2021, both 2020 and 2021 are significantly better than all of the pre-pandemic vintages, significantly better. When we look at 2021 specifically, that’s a little bit worse than 2020 because we took some credit refinements. We don’t believe we have added incremental risk in, but slightly worse performance. But again, significantly better than pre pandemic. I then think you have to think about three other factors, Ryan, as you think about credit. The first is our credit strategy and multiproduct strategy. Our credit strategy is we have a tighter loan grow line strategy. We have tighter account management strategies, which gives us lower severity as you head into this normalization period. So we think we’ll be less volatile, and that’s been demonstrated when you go back and look at the loss curves both in the GFC, recessions and then the pandemic. And then I think when you look at the tools we outlined on Investor Day, the increase in data analytics, the unique sources, the ability to be more surgical, we can control credit as we step through 2022. And then the last thing is the RSA, right? The RSA will ultimately take those charge-offs and our partners will offset that. You combine that with the revenue generation, this would give you a resilient risk-adjusted margin as you kind of step through. So that’s how I think about credit. I think Brian and I and the leadership team are really comfortable with how credit will develop in 2022 into 2023. With regard to your second question on the allowance, we don’t have a differing view that says we’re not going to get back to Day one CECL. It really goes back to what you think your target loss rate is and what your mean loss rate is, and we don’t really have a fundamental view. There will be some portfolio mix that comes into that. But I think we ultimately can migrate back to that assuming that’s the view that we hold, it’s really the timing. And that generally – if you hold that view, there could be offsets to asset-driven provisioning as we step through 2022. So I apologize for the long answer, but I think a framework for how you think about and talk to your customers.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So with regard to expectations for rate increases, we have three rate increases is our current view. Obviously, the market, I think, depending upon the day, may be different than that. But you got to remember, in our portfolio, less than 50% of our receivables are variable rate. And then when you factor in the transactors, it’s I think less than 30%. So we’re not going to be highly subject to, I’d say, NIM movements. There could be 20, 30 basis points potentially as it relates to NIM. But to be honest with you, it’s not a significant driver. And at the end of the day, we intend to run our book really on a rate neutral scenario. We’re slightly asset sensitive, but not a lot.
Brian Wenzel: It's fair to say we're not going to make any investments that don't have a really good payback or a really good return use of those dollars.
Brian Wenzel: It's usually two lifts, Betsy that we look at. One is to drive long-term efficiency in the business and the other one is to drive growth, right? Both, let's have great paybacks. We have a really disciplined process around how we evaluate those investments, and we'll obviously run that same play this year.
Brian Wenzel: And then I would say, generally, the pipeline is strong across all five of our platforms, a lot of nice new program opportunities in the pipeline that we're looking at, a lot of opportunities to partner on new distribution channels that we're excited about, so a pretty strong pipeline. I would say there's not a lot of large existing programs out there right now. A lot of them have been locked up, but some really exciting new program opportunities out there. So we're excited about that.
Brian Wenzel: Well, so just the first thing I would say, I mean, we don't disclose the aggregate amount of late fees, but the late fee dollar amount that we charge on accounts is, again, regulated by the CFPB and very consistent across all of the general purpose card players out there. And look, if something were to change on that front, we could price for it in other ways and protect our revenue and our margin. But look, I think we just got to stay close to this, as I said. And I don't know, Brian, if you'd add anything.
Brian Wenzel: First of all good morning, Mark. When you talk about normalization of delinquencies, that really is going to happen kind of post peak of losses, and we've kind of indicated the peak of charge-offs will be in the first quarter, maybe early second quarter of 2023. So it would happen – normalization happens on delinquencies after that. We expect it to rise. Now I think you have to start out with where we start the year at and how that's going to build, we're at low levels. We haven't seen anything, but it will begin to rise as we step through 2022, which, again, we think is going to be closely aligned with how payment rate will begin to change. If payment rate remains elevated for longer period, delinquencies will be slower to rise. So I think that's – it's all going to hinge on that payment rate behavior pattern. And I outlined a little bit in our prepared remarks how we see some movement in there. And I think as payment rate has changed, the one thing that we started to notice in some of our cohorts is that on a unit basis, we see migration back for some cohorts of accounts back to 2019 levels. What's happening is that we have another cohort of accounts that have increased spending and increased payments. And so on a dollar basis at the top of the house, it looks like payment rate is not slowing down for certain pieces. For some pieces of our portfolio, it is clearly migrating back to 2018. When that happens more in total for the portfolio, you'll see delinquency trends, I think, move with it.
Brian Wenzel: Well, typically, vintages take about 18 months to begin to season from a delinquency perspective. So again, being that we started some credit refinements in the first quarter this year, you would begin to see some of that flowing through in the latter part of this year, so the third or fourth quarter, mainly the fourth. So you'll begin to see that absent any changes in the macroeconomic environment. Just the simple fact that we've unwinding things and begun to induce what we would call smart growth with regard to some of our CLIs and upgrade activities inside our dual cards and private label book.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. What I'd say, Bill, is our planning process this year, we had multiple scenarios that we ran and we ran it on varying degrees of how the payment rate evolves. So there is a scenario where the payment rate slows down quicker. And in that scenario, given the timing lag on purchase line, you will see potentially under that scenario a higher rate of growth when it comes to loan receivables. So it really is going to hinge-off of, I think the important part is what is that payment rate doing and the trend of the payment rate throughout the entire portfolio as we step through 2022, which will give you the range of outcomes. But again, when we're printing a mid-teens type of purchase volume growth, it doesn't take a lot on the payment rate in order to impact the sequential loan growth that we're seeing.
