Brian Doubles: I want to start by thanking Margaret for all that she has done for Synchrony and for me personally over the last decade. We truly would not be where we are or who we are today without her leadership and it's an absolute honor to succeed her and lead Synchrony into the future. I'm also grateful that we will continue to benefit from Margaret's expertise and leadership in her role as Executive Chair. And I'm excited to partner with her and the Board, our leadership team, and especially our employees as we continue to capitalize on our momentum. There's a lot to be excited about as we continue Synchrony’s journeys. We have a strong business, a winning culture, and a tremendous opportunity to build on the strong foundation. As incoming CEO, I will continue to implement the strategies that we've developed over the last three years, which has enabled the momentum that our business has today. We will continue to leverage our competitive strength, deepen our market leadership, and invest in digital, data analytics and new product offerings to create a seamless customer experience. We will continue to grow our business and drive value for all of our stakeholders, our investors, our employees, our partners, and our customers.  On that note, I'd like to shift gears and turn to Slide 5 to talk about just one example of a strategy that we implemented to enhance the utility and value of our offerings, and which has become an important part of our business today, equal payment financing. Fundamental to our business is our objective to provide a full suite of products that can be tailored to serve the evolving needs of our customers and partners while earning appropriate economic returns. Our partners’ most clinical needs are centered on their ability to offer a product that can seamlessly integrate with their digital assets and systems, deliver higher average order volumes and sales, increase conversion rates, and deepen customer loyalty. By the same token, customers have their own unique set of needs, including financing solutions that fit within their budget, are transparent and easy and convenient to use and which offer them flexibility in their purchase and financing decisions. We have extensive experience and installment lending, which has informed our approach to equal payment financing. We think about these products in two categories. First, evolving products. We offer mid and long-term equal payment plans, with promotional periods anywhere from 12 to 152 months depending on the product category. We also offer short-term equal payment plans with promotional periods of 3 to 12 months. Second, closed end products. We offer collateralized installment products for bigger ticket purchases with promotional periods from 12 to 180 months. And we also offer short and long-term installment loans through our SetPay product. These products run anywhere from three to 36 months. All these products are priced appropriately to meet our partner and customer objectives, with APR starting at zero percent and each of these products in turn offer distinct benefits and address the unique objectives of our partners and customers.  Revolving equal pay products for example, can be embedded inside of an existing revolving account, eliminating the need for a customer to open a new account. And given the nature of their functionality, we also provide repeat purchases, as well as higher engagement and loyalty to the partners’ plan. Meanwhile, closed end products tend to appeal to customers that prefer regular predictable payments. To put our overall equal payment financing strategy in perspective, we currently have $15 billion in equal payment balances, 56% of which have 0% APR financing. We have about 74,000 partners or locations offering our payment plan products. And we have an overall repeat purchase rate of approximately 30% within 24 months of the first purchase. Synchrony's success in this and our other core strategies has been driven by our commitment to data-driven innovation, a deep understanding of our partners' objectives and customer needs and our ability to adapt as the competitive landscape and market conditions have evolved over time. Our organization is built around being nimble, responsive and results oriented. We leverage our decades of underwriting experience, our proprietary data analytics and our industry expertise in order to design and implement customized solutions that address our partners' needs while also delivering appropriate economic outcomes. This is what has driven Symphony's longstanding track record and deepened our market leadership over the years. We are excited to drive this momentum forward in 2021 simply by continuing to enhance the value we offer to all those we serve. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Ryan, that's a great question. I think you really got to take a step back and say, look, our strategy is really to provide a full suite of products that fit both what our partners want, but also what consumers are looking for. And obviously, buy now pay later is a trend that's not going away. Installment loans, a trend that's not going away. If you take a step back and you think about our business, we have such a broad set of partners that you really just can't have a one size fits all strategy. So as you know, Ryan, we sit down with each one of our partners, we sit down and say, okay, what are you trying to achieve? How can we help you drive sales, how can we help you communicate life cycle market to your customers? And that means that they will want to offer a variety of products. In some cases, a revolving product is going to make more sense. In some cases, an installment product is a better fit. If you think about bigger ticket products, that steers more towards longer-term installment, that can be on a revolving product or closed end. And then smaller ticket, the trend that we've seen recently is, that tends to steer more shorter-term and more shorter-term installment. And so again, it comes back to really what the partner wants at the end of the day. Now you make a really good point. Obviously, merchant discount pricing plays into this. The shorter you go and if you're not charging interest on the account, then obviously, you charge a higher merchant discount. And so again, it comes down to what the partner wants and what the consumer wants at the end of the day. Look, I feel great about the product set that we have. The one thing that I would not underestimate, though, is the product is really just one piece of the equation. What we've been working on and what's really important is, how do you embed the product in the shopping journey. And so that -- the way that we integrate is more important than ever. So it really comes down to features and capabilities, even more than the products. At the end of the day, these products are not that complex. It's really about how do we integrate, how do we embed the financing offer throughout the shopping journey.
Brian Doubles: Yes. The only thing I would add to that is I wouldn't gloss over Walgreens. We're really excited about that relationship, and I put that in the same category as Venmo and Verizon in terms of the opportunity for us. Sanjay, 90 million Walgreen loyalty customers, we're really excited about what that relationship can do for us as well.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So the one thing I'd add on to Margaret's comments is when you think about the capabilities, we already have a CareCredit dual card that operates there. And we'll certainly -- while we're a big business, the ability for us to really take the tools, technology, talent that exists in that, manages the co-band relationships inside the Retail Card will most certainly partner with those folks combining the healthcare and knowledge of that. We have in other platforms, so in the payment solutions platform, we do have some limited RSA. So you would see some RSA here, but again, that's a $10 billion platform for us. So I wouldn't consider it to be material most certainly in the early part here. So -- but you will see some develop over time there.
Brian Doubles: I think you're definitely going to see higher growth rates in SetPay than you see kind of broadly across other products. With that said, I wouldn't consider it explosive growth because it really comes down to what the partner is trying to achieve at the end of the day. And we do have some partners that are very focused on a strategy where they like the equal pay product, but they'd like to see us sit on a revolving account where they can continue to drive the repeat usage and continue to have that ongoing relationship.
Brian Doubles: Yes. At the end of the day, it comes down to what our partners want and what the consumers want. And again, given the breadth of our partners, we have to be able to provide a very full product suite revolving short-term, long-term installment, and we'll be able to do that. But it does come down to the partner and what the customer wants.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Thanks, John. I'll just start on that. I mean, look, as you know, we are pretty disciplined around pricing. And I think we try and maintain pricing that gives us an overall and attractive return either for the program or the product that we're underwriting. And so that will remain consistent. I think there are certainly trade-offs. And I think how you earn on these products is a little bit different. Obviously, shorter-dated promotions, you're maybe getting more merchant discount, you're getting less off of the APR or the consumer. But I wouldn't see having a material impact on our overall profitability return, longer term, you might just see the components change, which, as you know, both of those run through net interest income. So I don't think you wouldn't see it have a significant impact there. I don't know, Brian, if you'd add anything.
Brian Doubles: I think the best way to think about it is these are going to be really attractive avenues for growth for us longer term. This whole product strategy, we do a lot more of this business than I think people realize. I think we -- obviously, we're well-known for revolving credit, but we do a lot of installment. It's something we're very comfortable underwriting. We're very comfortable with pricing. And like I said, we're seeing a little bit better growth there than the other products that we have. So I think that's exciting at the end of the day. Again, it comes down to partner and customer choice, and we're in a position to be able to provide whatever that solution is for our partners that they want.
Brian Wenzel: Thanks, Ryan. Obviously, the elevation that we've seen as we enter into 2021 was really driven by credit, which was 200 basis points better on net charge-offs. Slightly offset by -- or offset by some of the interest expense and NIM. But clearly, elevated. So I think as you slide into 2021, what you're going to see is as we continue to expect NIM to rise, there will be a benefit that will flow back through the RSA to the retailers pushing it upward. But then as credit normalizes, that will deflate it. So our expectation is it remains a little bit elevated. We would not expect that type of elevation at the end of the year as we exit out of 2021. And I think as you get into 2022 and beyond, it should be back into the normal type range that we've operated in pre-pandemic.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Sanjay. So stimulus clearly has benefited. We've seen that throughout 2020, most certainly, we saw an influx of payments, right, when the most recent stimulus package hit. So payment rates actually elevated back higher in the early part of January. So clearly, stimulus is in effect, and you do see it wear off. Now what's interesting, more interesting about this latest stimulus is it's not surgical as much. It's going to a broad-based population. So the effectiveness as we continue to move on even with further stimulus, our portfolio shifted. We used to be 27% subprime, now we're 23% subprime. So the effects of that will not hold. So we do assume that when the stimulus burns off here, most certainly from the one in December, but if there's another stimulus that does get enacted in the first quarter, that will burn off, and you'll see payment rates elevate back, and then you'll see delinquencies come back into the portfolio. Well, certainly, we're expecting, given the high level of unemployment that delinquencies will build pretty quickly here as we move out. But again, we haven't seen that to date in the credit metrics that you have seen. So there is a chance, though, that with the future stimulus and if you get the pandemic under control, with the vaccine that you may flatten the ultimate loss curve here and have a bridge, which is what we would hope for.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Moshe. So it's important to note that the announcement that we made and the Board authorized is slightly different than we’ve historically done. This is for a calendar year. Obviously, the Fed has put some restrictions in for the first quarter, but we're going to go through our process. We've been going through a quarterly process from a governance perspective, looking at loss stresses, looking at the way our balance sheet will perform. And I think if you go back a quarter, we weren't sure we'd be in this position to start the year. We were thinking more back half of the year. But I think as we talked with the Board, we recognized the strength in the capital and liquidity of the company, we recognized the stability of the company as we progressed through the back half of 2020. As we look into 2021, we -- again, it's uncertain. There's going to be volatility, but we're optimistic that the pandemic comes under control in the first half and that the macroeconomic piece picks up. So we thought it was prudent to start. We'll go through a process and submit our formal capital plan to the Fed at the end of March, beginning of April. And then we'll circle back with what that amount is. We think that's a prudent amount, right, given this is a transitional year, right, relative to the visibility and uncertainty. So obviously, we haven't changed our long-term view with regards to capital and where we want to get to. It's just really the pace. And so we're comfortable that this is a good place to start, and we can always revisit as we move through the year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Great question. When we think about the capital priorities of the company, the first priority for us is the organic growth that we have. So when you think about some of the longer standing existing programs, whether it's an Amazon or PayPal or TJX, Sam's, Lowe's, there's lots of opportunity to continue our penetration march there. These newer programs, Verizon, Venmo, Walgreens will most certainly -- we'd like to deploy capital into that. So that's our first priority to grow that piece. But we will have capital beyond that ability to grow the book. If you think about the capital generation of the business, you think about the resiliency and the return, you think about the resiliency of the RSA, we will have excess capital, which then our next priority is to maintain our dividend and provide that back to shareholders. And then beyond that, we believe there will be excess that will be deployed first in share repurchase to the extent that we find an acquisition that makes sense, whether it be a portfolio or businesses, we'll look to do that.
Brian Wenzel: And that's the key point. Still in this part of the cycle, I'm not sure valuations have checked up enough where we would do something large. But to the extent that they do and an opportunity exists, we would gladly deploy that capital for the long-term value creation.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Bill. So we've continued -- even during a pandemic, different than a lot of our peers, we did not slow down any of the investments, whether it was in technology or in resources we've allocated towards these growth initiatives, we reprioritized certain things inside of that, that were greater short-term opportunities. So we've maintained that so for us, we're going to continue to invest. I mean, 2020 was a big year for us when you think about the investment to stand up a Venmo and Verizon. And again, we're looking forward to a full Venmo launch here in 2021. So we've invested quite a bit. Walgreens comes right behind this. We continue to drive core productivity in which we're continuing the investment. And again, the way we're positioning the company for the longer term, Bill, is to look at -- if I'm thinking out 2025, what is an above-average ROA, and we're going to drive that efficiency ratio back down into a range where it has been more historically but really delivers that ROA given the revenue mix and loss content that we see in that portfolio mix.  That being said, we are going to find ways in order to either increase the margin of the portfolios or to drive incremental costs out to maintain and perhaps expand that investment technology. That is something that we want to do and we feel we need to do for the medium and long-term.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So let me unpack that. The first piece in all our modeling as we move through '20 and really '21, we've always modeled in the transition adjustment relative to CECL and, most certainly, that would come out of -- we view the capital generation in those years as we move out. This is roughly around, I think, 60 basis points assuming that the rules stay intact. We are continuing, to be honest with you, engage with dialogues with our stakeholders about a form of permanent capital relief because we obviously believe that when you look at our Tier 1 plus reserves at 27% that is very high, where we are and that we believe that there should be credit, whether it sits in Tier 2 or in Tier 1 relative to CECL. So that's always been a factor as part of our plans and shouldn't really impact it.  With regard to your second part of your question, that the improvement in the macroeconomic scenario, most certainly, we're not tied to the $1.6 billion. That's where we view it today. We're going to go through our capital planning process here in the first quarter and get our capital plan approved by the Board in March, submit it in April. And then hopefully, we'll come back to you in the second quarter with a fuller perspective. But there is a scenario where clearly we can return potentially more capital. I think right now, $1.6 billion is we're sitting January 29 and transition in a year that is a little bit uncertain is not a bad place to start the year at. So we're going to continue to monitor the same way of quarter out. We thought we weren't going to do anything until the back half of this year. So we'll continue to evaluate it, Bill.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, John. So the simple answer is no. I mean, Walmart, clearly, if you strip that out, we'll push the RSA higher because it operated at a lower RSA level than the company average. Absent that, there's nothing fundamental. I think what's challenging people, and I can appreciate it from an outside-in perspective is CECL has dramatically impacted the profitability of the company. And it's very difficult. We've lagged CECL, but when you don't see delinquency formation at a retail partner, it's difficult to go to them and say, okay, even though I haven't seen delinquencies, they're going to come at some point, here's $100 million, $200 million. So that is unfortunately pushing the RSA higher here. And then when you look at credit really outperforming the loss in NIM, we have a highest RSA. I think when you look at it over time, if you look at '20 and '21 combined together, it's going to get back down the average. And most certainly, as we exit the pandemic, there's nothing structurally that they should operate at different level ex the Walmart impact.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The only -- I mean, John, we have $81 billion in assets. So I think to try to move metrics materially, this would have to be incredibly large. I mean, obviously, you see growth rates in much smaller competitors. But at $81 billion, it shouldn't have a material effect relative to most certainly short and medium-term with the way our P&L is constructive.
Margaret Keane: Yes. I'd say both are doing really well. Verizon, we launched back in the summer, and again, it was our first launch during the pandemic. I think as we started out more online and as the stores have opened up, we're definitely seeing real positive momentum there. People are liking the value prop. So we feel really positive about our Verizon relationship and where that could be. On Venmo, we did the soft launch in the fall, that's gone also very well, and consumers are really liking how the product operates within the Venmo app. I think there's a lot of technology that both parties built out to make that really an integrated experience for consumers, and we are getting a lot of positive momentum there. As we roll out to the broader population soon, we expect that to continue to be a big part of our growth story as we go forward with the company. So 2 really exciting programs, 2 programs where technology and our investments have really paid off, and we look forward to continue to advance our investments in technology as we continue to integrate even further.
Margaret Keane: Yes. I don't know if we could rank them yet because it's still early. But I'd say that our experience has always been that customers can compartmentalize them. So if you think about Venmo, I think that's going to become more of an everyday use card, particularly with folks that use that app all day long. And we think as it's integrated into that payment mechanism, and the ability to really split payments and actually experience that back and forth between how people spend. But I think the big opportunity on Venmo really is the fact that you can use that card now in broader merchants. So I think as the QR code becomes more of a go-to type of technology, it's still not where it needs to be but we think that's really the other big opportunity with Venmo. So you have the in-app experience where people are working together to purchase things. But then in-store or the QR code opportunity presents a whole different -- I think, different set of experiences and maybe broaden stack customer base for us. So we're excited about that. On the other 2, it really is the value prop that I think makes another big difference where for Walgreens, what we do know, and we know this through CareCredit that people do compartmentalize their healthcare spend. And as consumers are being asked to really bear a bigger burden on healthcare spends -- spend, we view this card to be a great way for us to enter into the broader space of healthcare. You know that's been part of our strategy. I should also say that it's building on the relationship we already had with Walgreens because we already had the card -- the CareCredit card accepted in Walgreens. Now this is really tying our card with their value prop, connecting the 2 together and really allowing customers who have healthcare needs and wellness needs to really leverage that and then get the rewards. And then again, we're going to work towards making all this digital. So it's a really seamless, frictionless experience for the consumer. And then Verizon is really -- I think the value prop on Verizon in terms of how you use Verizon, I think all -- I joke all the time for those who -- I'm old, so I have kids who are old, they're still on my plan. You never really get the kids off the plan, by the way, leveraging that value prop and using that towards your bill, I think, is another really positive momentum that we're seeing. So we think all 3 of these programs have real growth potential. I think it really demonstrates for us our ability to really be agile in a very difficult environment to roll out during the pandemic and to really meet the needs of what I would say are really strong value props, leveraging technology.
Margaret Keane: Well, I'll start and then Brian can talk about the RSA. But look, I think one of the things that we have said for a while now is that we believe that we have a unique insight into the whole healthcare wellness space given our CareCredit platform. We've expanded that platform all through last year as we've expanded into hospital network through just our acquisition of Allegra Credit. We believe that consumers -- and by the way, it does sit in CareCredit. So I should clarify that. Does sit in CareCredit. We believe that the everyday spend around wellness is an area where consumers are looking for rewards. We believe Walgreens is a great partner because we were already in there accepting the Walgreen -- the CareCredit card. So we believe this space is a real ripe opportunity because of our unique knowledge and experience in this space for over 30 years, and we really see Walgreens as a way for us to really continue to expand and differentiate ourselves in the healthcare business. I don't know, Brian, if you'd mentioned the RSA.
Margaret Keane: I think that was demonstrated this quarter by the acquisition of Allegro. So if the right opportunity comes along, that fits with our long-term strategy and is at the right return for us, we certainly are looking at those opportunities should they come forward.
Margaret Keane: Yes, Don, I'll take that. It's -- we are -- I'm assuming this is in relation to the new administration. I would say we've been around for a really long time. We've had all administrations. We feel confident that even in the new administration, we'd be able to manage through any changes that they may make. I think we feel like we're well positioned. And look, I think the regulation and the focus is really always on this whole idea of being fair and transparent to consumers and I think that's our job. So we have the infrastructure in place, we have the people in place. We're trying to ensure we're doing all the right things from a consumer perspective and also working with our partners in this as well. So we're not overly concerned. I mean, look, there'll probably be more things coming out, but we'll adjust as we have to.
Margaret Keane: Our job is to really offer the products and position them in the right way to the consumer so that they can have consumer choice. And I think one of the things we're very focused on is making sure that's integrated in our digital assets. So it's a choice for a customer.
