Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us this morning. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for, and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open up the call for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the investor relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Hey, thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The investor relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Margaret M. Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll close with a summary of the quarter on slide 11, and then we will begin the Q&A portion of the call. During the quarter, we again delivered significant growth across key areas of our business. We signed, renewed, and launched a number of important partnerships, and further expanded the breath of business segments we are serving, and our pipeline of additional opportunities remain strong. Our digital channels remain a key component of our overall strategy, and we've delivered strong growth there as well. And to support our growth, we are successfully expanding our deposit base and increasing its importance as a source of our overall funding. Our strong capital position and performance has enabled us to begin to return capital to our shareholders, a goal that we are very pleased to have achieved. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret M. Keane: Sure. So I'd say overall our pipeline continues to be robust. I think, I've mentioned in past calls that we have dedicated resources in each of our three platforms, and I think you can tell, by even this quarter we won some nice deals. We feel competitively in the $500 million to $1 billion portfolio size. The competition is pretty reasonable, and we really compete effectively there. When you get to the bigger portfolios, obviously the cost goes, an example of that, it gets much more competitive. I would say, overall on the bigger deals that are out there or people are discussing, I think, we start by competing on our capabilities and the history and the level of experience that we have in the industry, and that's how most of these conversations start. I would say, we generally win on those types of things. We feel that some of the things we've invested in, in the last couple of years, particularly around online and digital mobile are really playing to our advantage. We feel we're further ahead than the competition there. I think the other area that we're continuing to invest in is really the whole data analytics portion of the business, and really leveraging some new technology there. So on a capability point of view, I think, we have a couple of areas where I think we're a little ahead. We are very partner focused. And I think, the key relationships we have today really help reiterate with potential partners how we worked with our partners, and that I think is another advantage. So I think it's overall capabilities, experience and long-term relationships and partnerships that we have.
Margaret M. Keane: Sure. Co-brand is a little more competitive. But I think we're not – our strategy is really to look at co-brand and Dual Card opportunities in the business that meet our returns. So Cathay and Fareportal being the other one for this quarter, again, it started out with our capabilities and our partnering experience, and that's really how we won both of those deals. When we look at overall return, every deal that we do, we make sure it's kind of competitive with any overall return for our business, and we look to ensure that we're keeping that return in mind, as we take our new opportunities. I don't know Brian, if you'll add anything on returns.
Margaret M. Keane: Sure. So I'll just say that, the digital channels continue to be important, as more and more consumers are active on the digital channel. Our online sales for the quarter were up 27% versus the second quarter last year. Approximately a third of our applications now occur digitally, and if you go back to 2012 to current, we've received over 11 million mobile applications, and that's growing at about 78% year-over-year. So if you compare us to the industry, I think our growth is much stronger. The industry overall is reporting somewhere around 14% to 15%. And I think this is an area where the question earlier of how we compete, I think this is an area where extraordinarily important for us to ensure we're investing. We have a position with GPShopper. We've been able to leverage that partnership and help our partners, actually get out mobile applications sooner where we're fully integrated into the application. So those are the types of things that I think as industries shift from brick-and-mortar to more online, we just have to be the best-in-class on those types of things.
Margaret M. Keane: I actually think it's a couple of things. We've had great success in winning more partners there for sure. The second is, we've put a fairly robust marketing strategy in place there to actually get brief (45:08) on the card. So if you went back four years or five years ago in that particular platform, we used to describe it as, you bought the product and you were done. We now, do fairly sophisticated marketing using our analytics to get customers to go back and repurchase, so that's another positive. I think, generally speaking, the other positive is, a lot of the products within Payment Solutions are related to home, and we definitely have seen that trend of home being positive where people are investing back in their homes. So I think, we've seen a positive momentum in that business, really for the last probably 12 months to 15 months, and it's just continuing.
Margaret M. Keane: Yeah, I think, it's been the same personally. I think, the players are the same players. You kind of get people come and go within that segment. I don't think it's hypercompetitive. I think, – listen, you need to ensure that you're building and investing in areas that are really going to help the partners. I think as you read, it's pretty 2% to 3% retail growth. So everyone is looking to try to get that customer back in there. We feel that, we have all the right aspects to compete effectively in the space. We're not going to win every deal, nor would we want to win every deal. So in the context of the overall market and what's available, we feel like we're winning the deals we want to win.
Margaret M. Keane: Yeah. So CareCredit is a great platform. It's one that we want to grow. So in addition to always signing up and winning new partnerships, which is key, the second area that we're focused on is really the utility of the card. So we're continuing to look at ways, and actually that consumers will have that card are looking to use the card more. So things like our partnership with Rite Aid, and you'll see more of those types of partnerships come out. We have a 50%, we use on that product, which is very high. We're looking at some additional industries that we might want to expand in, as well as, our biggest opportunity really in CareCredit is just getting more of what's in a partner's office. So if you think of dental as an example, it's getting more of those patients who come in to utilize the payment methodology of CareCredit. So we're working on some initiatives around that to really – similar to retail, increase our penetration in the office, of the card. So lots of activity going on there, lots of great marketing. We feel very positive about that business, and it might be a little kudos (53:24), but it's a growing kudos (53:25).
Margaret M. Keane: No, we look at – no, I would say, no. Dual Card is still a very important aspect of our business. We'll, I think generally speaking in our overall portfolio, we always prefer if we can have a private label card and a Dual Card in our retail segment, because it allows us to really grow that portfolio. In terms of the co-brand aspect of our business, we're really trying to take some of the learning set of our retail Dual Card space and leverage that across some of these opportunities on T&E side, and driving value props, and even how you sign up and using mobile and digital as a way to really advance there. As Brian said, we're not looking to be the next big co-brand company, that's not our strategy, but we think opportunistically in a way for us to grow the business is really to look for these other opportunities, and take our capabilities that we have, and leveraging those in some of these new markets.
Margaret M. Keane: We'd love to have a big win. As I said earlier, we're going to continue to be disciplined and ensure that whatever we do win is a positive for the overall portfolio. We're competing on our capabilities, and we think in that particular area we're very strong, and we'll play out the opportunities that are out there.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah, sure. So I would disconnect the guidance a little bit from what happened in the quarter. In the quarter, we had a little bit higher recoveries. If you look over the past two year's recoveries, it'd been running in the 1.1% to 1.2% of receivables kind of range. This quarter, they are right around 1.3%, so that drove a bit of the improvement. Going forward and what was included in our guidance is that recoveries would be pretty similar to where they've been in the last two years, so somewhere in that 1.1% to 1.2% of receivables. So that's really what was contemplated in the forward guidance. So no change to what we said in June, we gave you kind of what we think we're going to close the year at for 2016 at around 4.5%, and then starting kind of incrementally year-over-year 20 basis points to 30 basis points for the first quarter and the second quarter of 2017.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. The net interest margin came in pretty similar to where we were in the first quarter. At that point, we had paid down the bank term loan, so we were able to optimize liquidity a bit, and take some of that excess and pay down the bank term loan. We're obviously really pleased with that, and we thought jumping off in the first quarter the margin would be pretty stable for the balance of the year, which was right around, I think 15.75%. We still think that's a pretty good way to think about the back half of the year. If deposit growth continues at this pace, we'll get a small benefit there. We might be able to do a little bit more on liquidity, but probably not much. If you look at the year-over-year we have been able to improve the yield that we're earning on the cash and the treasuries. But then there is some, what I would call, modest offsets to those two positives. One, we continue to see really strong growth in Payment Solutions. As you know, those are our promotional balances, so those come on initially at a lower yield. And then our guidance initially back in January included a small benefit from another 50 basis points of Fed rate increases in the back half of the year, and obviously that looks a little bit less likely. So some few puts and takes, I would say, but the margins should be pretty stable for the back half of the year.
Brian D. Doubles: Well, I think, there is a few things. So if we just – let's just break down the quarter maybe a little bit on the RSA. The RSA obviously included an offset on the reserve build, that's why you saw it down year-over-year, that's why we revised the guidance on RSAs from round 4.5% to 4.2% to 4.3%. You also have to remember that a lot of things in the P&L got better year-over-year. So we had obviously better revenue, margins were little bit better, efficiency ratio was better as you indicated. So all else being equal, that would have resulted in a higher RSA percent compared to last year. And then those improvements were both more than offset by the higher reserve build and the higher provision. And the one thing, I'm not sure you're taking into account, as you think about the back half of the year, the third quarter is typically the high watermark on the RSA. We've got some seasonality, and if you look back over the past two years you do see the RSA percentage trend up a bit in the third quarter seasonally. So as you think about the back half, you've got to factor that end, but that's all included in the outlook for the 4.2% to 4.3% for the year.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I mean, there is a lot of factors here and some of these are obviously cause and effect. In June, our comments indicated that we're expecting to see this modest increase in net charge-offs. As part of that, we focus specifically around the payment behaviors that we are driving the reserve build in the quarter. Now, we're giving you some broader context on some of the dynamics that we take into account when we build the forecast. And those are things like portfolio mix, like platform, product, program, channel, as well as account maturation or seasoning of vintages, as well as the overall consumer trends. Now, I would say, if you look at seasoning of vintages for us, it absolutely plays out similarly in private label as it does for general purpose cards. So we typically see peak losses at around 24 months. I think that's pretty consistent with the rest of the industry. However, our growth rates have been more consistent than I think others. So while it certainly plays a factor in what we're seeing in our expectation, our growth rates haven't been perfectly consistent. So I'd say, it's a factor, but it's a not a significant, I think for us is what you're seeing for others out there.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. The only thing I would say Don is, you're going to see us be pretty selective around co-brand opportunities. We like the space, but we're going to be cautious around it. You're probably not going to see us go after the really big marquee deals, but we're, as Margaret said, we can go in and compete and demonstrate our capabilities and win on that basis, and still earn an attractive return. We're going to go after those deals.
Brian D. Doubles: That's all right. So we obviously delivered, I think a pretty strong efficiency ratio in the first half of the year. What I would tell you this quarter is similar to what I told you last quarter, which is we do expect the efficiency ratio to rise from here in the back half of the year, really for two reasons; we do more marketing and promotions in the second half of the year, particularly around holiday, and so that will drive an increase in the efficiency ratio. And we also have more of our strategic investment spend stacked against the second half of the year as well. So as those investments come in throughout the year, we would expect the ratio to increase, but we'll still be within the annual guidance of below 34% for the year.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Rick, part of the reason why we did give you some guidance on this is, as we recognized that it's very hard for you to model based on the information you have, and part of the reason for that is that, all of our deals are very unique, very customized both in terms of the percentage sharing, as well as the level at which we start to share with the retail partner, and for obvious reasons, we can't provide any visibility around those contractual terms. And our retailers also have seasonality. And so there are number of moving pieces that make it difficult for you to model it and to have that transparency, so we give you a guidance range for the year. What you should be able to see from the quarterly results is that, when things get better we tend to share more, when things get worse we share less with the retail partners, that dynamic whether you're looking at it as a percent of receivables, or a percent of pre-tax earnings excluding RSA, those ratios hold, I would say, fairly consistent, but for the seasonal components that I mentioned.
Brian D. Doubles: So I know that's not particularly helpful in terms of how you're going to model it, but I would just continue to use the guidance that we're giving you. I think that's probably the best way for you guys to get it right.
Brian D. Doubles: Well, Bill, I think the fundamentals of the business are still very strong, if you, let's just walk down – we'll walk down the income statement and look at some of the key indicators. Net interest margin is stable to improving. We feel good about the margins, the resiliency of the margins, RSAs act as an offset to other things that are going on in the P&L. We drove fairly significant operating leverage, and I think we're fairly optimistic going forward that we'll be able to continue to do that, particularly given that the infrastructure growth spend, that's all in the run-rate. We're really focused on driving operating leverage going forward. And then we're using some of the savings to invest in the long-term ideas and strategies, and things like mobile and data analytics, but this is a scalable platform, and we should be able to drive that operating leverage going forward. So then you're really left with what is the outlook on credit, and we've given you a view on that as well in terms of what we're seeing. So I'd say, you've got a whole bunch of positives, and then we're going to build reserves based on growth in the business as well as our expectation in net charge-offs, and we'll continue to do that. But I think that, that adds up to a pretty positive outlook, generally, for the business.
Brian D. Doubles: Well, obviously, I can't speak to how others reserve, that I can't do, but I can tell you that our reserve is based on our best estimate of the incurred losses that we believe exist in the book at the end of the reporting period. Our models generally look out over a 12-month window. They include our expectations for net charge-offs. We also include qualitative and other factors. And our reserve coverage, we don't book to a specific number of months, but it typically falls in that 13 months to 15 months of expected net charge-offs. So other than that, I mean, there is some really good disclosure in the Q is that, you can look at that kind of talks about the other factors that we build in, but tough for me to compare. I don't really have visibility into what others do.
Brian D. Doubles: Well, I would say, generally the level of investment will be fairly consistent with what we've been doing in the past few years. Investing in long-term growth, I guess is not a new concept for us, we've been doing that for quite some time. I think that's why we have the growth rates that we do, and we continue to win and renew our partnerships. What I would tell you is, we're very focused on driving operating leverage, you saw that in the first half of this year. It's a scalable business. I mentioned the infrastructure cost and the run rate earlier. We'll continue to drive operating leverage. But as we get more efficient across the business, we're always running productivity initiatives, and we're looking at moving more customers off of paper statements to online statements. We're improving our call center and collections efficiency metrics. And so we're working on eliminating waste in the backoffice, things like that, and that results in real operating leverage and real productivity. And then in parallel with that, we look at things that we feel like we need to invest in to be very a successful business for the next 10 years to 15 years. And those are things that, some of the things that Margaret talked about, investing in mobile capabilities which is something we've been doing for four years or five years, data analytics, CRM, I mean, this is a rapidly changing industry, and we've got to stay on top of those things. But even after you take those incremental investments into account, we would expect to and we would hope to continue to generate positive operating leverage. That doesn't mean we're going to generate positive operating leverage every quarter. We're not going to pass up a good long-term strategic investment to show a few basis points improvement on the efficiency ratio in any one quarter, but over the long-term, this is a big focus for us and for the management team.
Brian D. Doubles: Well, hard for me to comment on what others are saying. I think the trends are – and the commentary seems to be fairly consistent, which is I think that the backdrop is still pretty healthy. I think the consumer is still generally healthy. The overall macro environment is pretty strong. With that said, the consumer continues to take on more debt. They continue to take on more leverage, and while it appears to be modest, and it looks like the overall levels are still pretty reasonable and pretty responsible. It's something we're watching carefully, I think others are watching it carefully as well. So our forecast includes that trend. It also includes the other factors that I mentioned, portfolio mix and mix by program and channel and other things. We believe this is going to result in a gradual increase and charge-offs over time. Some of that is seasoning, but as I mentioned earlier, I think seasoning, while everybody has on a vintage similar seasoning patterns, depending on the growth rates and the consistency of the growth rates, you could end up with a very different result depending on the issuer. And so I think, while that is a factor we have certainly considered in our outlook, it gets place maybe less overall (51:50) for us as it does with some others.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah, sure. So on the first one, I would say, generally we're always making improvements and refinements to our collection strategies. We're fully compliant with the applicable regulatory guidance, whether it's TCPA or whatever it is, and obviously those have some impact on our ability to collect. But I would not highlight them as being overly significant in terms of the overall results. There are things that we adapt to along with the rest of the industry and we make other improvements to work offset to those. In terms of recoveries, I would just reiterate what I said earlier, the overall recovery rate, which includes a combination of what we collect in-house as well as what we sell, it has been pretty consistent. If you look over the past two years, it's been right around 1.1% to 1.2% of average receivables. It's little bit higher this quarter. We think it comes back down into that kind of two-year average going forward.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Sanjay. So in June our comments indicated that we were expecting to see this modest increase in net charge-offs over the next 12 months. To us that's normalization. I think, others may have viewed it differently. And as part of that dialogue, we focus more specifically around the payment behaviors that were driving the reserve builds specifically in the quarter, that was the guidance we were providing. Now, I think we're trying to give you some broader context on items in the forecast that obviously influence the forecast, and items that drive some of that payment behavior that we're seeing, that the forecast includes things like portfolio mix by platform, by product, program channel. Well, seasoning is not as big for us, as I mentioned, as I think it may be for some others, that's included in our outlook as well, and we're also factoring the trends that we are seeing on the consumer. And I would just reiterate what I said earlier, that the consumer broadly is still generally healthy. We said all last year that we didn't think the consumer would get better, and they continued to get better all last year, and now we're seeing those improvements subside. But the overall macro-environment is still pretty strong. The thing that we're watching is the thing that I mentioned earlier, that the consumer continues to take on more leverage. It appears to be responsible at this point. The overall levels are reasonable if you look at, I mean, historic context. But it's something that we're watching carefully. And as we mentioned, we're watching what's going on in other asset classes as well, and looking at the layered risks. So our forecast includes that trend continuing, as well as the items I mentioned earlier.
