Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining our call. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, SynchronyFinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings which are available on our website. During the call we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation we will open the call up for questions. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. Operator, we're now ready to begin the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay, thanks, everyone, for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. Have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I will close with an overview of our key strategic priorities. First, we remain focused on driving growth both organically and through new program wins across our three platforms. We have historically produced organic growth of 2 to 3 times market growth rates and we expect to continue to deliver similar growth. Innovative idea propositions and enhanced functionality and utility for card users are some of the ways in which we will accomplish this. For example, we rolled out several compelling value propositions, innovative programs like these and network expansion such as the one we initiated with Rite Aid for our CareCredit cards help to increase penetration. We also won over 20 new deals last year and the pipeline remains strong. We have a demonstrated track record of success that we plan to continue to leverage this year and beyond as we seek to add new partners and programs with an attractive risk and return profile. Second, we will continue to expand our robust data analytics and technology offerings. We will continue our mobile wallet development for private-label credit cards such as the pilot with JCPenney and Apple Pay. Our digital strategies have helped drive an increase in online and mobile purchase volume at a faster pace than the national growth rate. We're focused on leveraging our leading capabilities as the digital landscape evolves. We're expanding our robust data and analytics capabilities through investments in Big Data technologies and insight tools such as data visualization software. Our partners highly value the insights we bring and the impact it has on their programs. Third, we will continue position our business for long term growth. We will focus on building our Synchrony Bank franchise into a full-scale online bank through the development of a broad product suite to increase loyalty, diversify our funding sources and drive profitability. During 2015 we grew deposits a strong 24%. We will also leverage and explore adjacencies to our core business for growth opportunities such as expanding our small business platform. Fourth, we will continue operating our business with a strong balance sheet and financial profile. We expect to support our business model with diverse and stable funding. We also expect to maintain strong liquidity and capital to support our operations, business growth, credit ratings and regulatory targets. We intend to maintain earnings growth at attractive returns while demonstrating operating leverage. Finally, we're highly focused on positioning the business to return capital to shareholders. And now that we're fully separated from GE we will look to return capital this year through the establishment of a dividend and share repurchase program subject to Board and regulatory approval. We believe these are the right areas of focus and plan to leverage our prior success to pave the path forward. We look forward to updating you on our progress. I will now turn the call over to Greg.
Margaret Keane: Sure. I think, as we have talked in the past, we think in 2014 most of the extra gas dollars that consumers had were really used more towards either savings or paying down some balances which we certainly saw a bit of that. I think as gas prices continue to fall, we hope that some of that now is going to be used towards spending. Haven't really seen that yet, I think it is a little early in the year to kind of see that happen. Overall the consumer is definitely stronger. We see unemployment in a good place and we feel that is going to continue. What I would say on - in terms of portfolio itself and the impact on delinquencies in the oil and gas areas. Obviously we watched that, we're not really seeing too much of a shift there. Our portfolio is pretty much a very big macro look at the overall economy. So we're spread out across the whole entire United States. So we watch those things, but we're not seeing a big impact there. And then lastly, we do have a couple of oil and gas portfolios, but they are 3% more or less of our receivables. So, not a big impact there either.
Margaret Keane: Yes, sure. I would say overall the growth came from all of our partners, not obviously just Amazon. We have continued to work really hard at allowing our customers as frictionless a process as they can whether it is on their mobile phone or online. Amazon continues to be a great partner for us. We're working very closely with them on the 5% offer. For those of you who have it, hopefully you saw through the holiday there was a lot more encouragement around marketing around using your 5% off. We're continuing to monitor the results of the 5% off campaign that we're doing working closely with Amazon. But overall obviously they had a great holiday and we were glad to be part of that with the offer that we had.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So 92% of our Retail Card receivables are pretty much locked down to 2019 and beyond. We really don't have any one big one that is coming out before that.
Margaret Keane: Sure. Obviously we pay close attention. I think the really positive news for us is when a retailer is having trouble, that is when the credit card program becomes even more important. And what I would say to you, it is extraordinarily important for us. This is where we should shine for our partners because we should be in there talking about how are we going to grow sales, what kind of campaigns should we be doing, how can we help you. And that is where true partnership comes in. So I would start with that. I think when we do our plans for the year we obviously start with what are the retailers saying about their growth and then we look to do 2 to 3 times that. I would say we have been in this business a very long time, we have winners and losers every single year. And the way we set those goals, we're able to usually drive better performance than what the retailer is doing in any given month in terms of their performance because the card becomes an even bigger part of what they are focused on. So we watch it, we're paying attention to it. But again, I would say this is where it is really important for us to show up as a partner to really help them turn things around.
Margaret Keane: Just, sure. So we have said in the past we really like partnerships that allow us to come in and really contribute and add value to the overall partnership, whether that is in the marketing front, the sales front, the data analytics front. What I would say is that every single retailer out there is up against a moderate sales or maybe even mediocre sales environment. So what we really try to do is figure out ways to leverage the tools and things we have to help them accelerate their growth. So when we start with conversations, whether it is an existing portfolio or a new portfolio, it always starts with capabilities. And that is where we're pretty disciplined on the kind of partnerships we want because we think when you are adding value every single day and your partner is seeing that value that you are adding, that is how you are able to keep relationships long term and then price becomes the second discussion. So that is what our job is. Our job every day for our folks out in the field, our folks who manage our partners is to really have one foot in the partner, one foot in Synchrony and really ensure that they are driving sales and helping that partner every single day. That is where analytics, our mobile application, all of this is really helping to keep those relationships and allowing us to extend them.
Margaret Keane: Yes. We would not disclose that, particularly Amazon. Here is what I would tell you. The way we have approached mobile is really through the whole process. So we look at applications. So one of the benefits we have is you can apply on your mobile phone and get approved and start shopping. That is a big opportunity for us there. So if you look at just over growth in mobile applications year over here it was 73%. So we're certainly getting much more engagement from the consumers on the mobile phone. And then we go through servicing. Your ability to increase your credit line while you are standing at the store, those are the kinds of things that are really important for us. The last piece is payments which honestly I think all of us are reading. That has turned out to be slower than what people I think thought. We're in all the wallets that we possibly can be in and we'll continue that strategy. I just think this is - mobile and online is the way people are shopping now. We have to just continually work to embed our credit application into the application of the retailer. And that is really a lot of what we're going to be working on in 2016. So our view is this is where the industry is going or the consumer is going and we need to be in the forefront of that.
Margaret Keane: Well, I can give you the overall just from online and mobile which we kind of calculate as the same. And about a third of our - a little more than a third of our applications are coming in that way.
Margaret Keane: Yes, sure. I think this whole data thing connected with mobile and online is really critical, because one of the benefits of our cards is because they run on a closed loop network. We can actually see how the customer is shopping. So we know they made a purchase on their mobile phone or they made a purchase online or they were in the store. And this is information and data we're really trying to pull together to really help our partners think through how they are even marketing to their customers. So, for instance, if we know someone shops multichannel meaning online, mobile and in-store, we have a very loyal customer and someone who tends to shop more often. And their baskets will be bigger and they will make more trips. So we want to make sure we're marketing to customers that way. So if you only use mobile we know that; we will market to you only using mobile or digital kinds of marketing versus someone who is maybe only shopping at the point of sale. So I think as we continue to expand our data analytics this will become, I think, an even more critical aspect of how we help our partners.
Margaret Keane: We work together with a partner and I'd say it is really a range. You have partners who are fairly sophisticated and see mobile as being a big channel for them and are really - we work with them on the marketing and how we're going out there. I think others are still figuring it out. One of the benefits I think we have been able to bring particularly to our smaller retailers, we partnered with GPShopper. Many of those smaller retailers don't have a mobile application. So just bringing that partnership together and then us embedding our credit application within their mobile app, that is where the partnership piece comes in. We can really take some of the learnings we have from our big retailers, apply to the smaller retailers and help them get their product set, if you will, right on the mobile phone. So, a lot of work going on that.
Margaret Keane: Yes, I would say we have more marketing meetings for sure. So I think we have retailers who have good and bad times. And if you just go back to the crisis, many retailers were struggling and sales were way down. I think this is probably the most important part of our business model that I think sometimes is not really understood which is part of our success of keeping relationships for a very long period of time is you really need to stick by the retailer when they are going through that challenge. And what I would say is we have part meetings, we're looking at ways to help them, we're trying to engage more on their strategy. So I would say even at the more senior levels we're usually talking about, okay, what are you trying to focus on, how can we help you and really drive that kind of engagement. Most of our engagement, particularly at the bigger retailers, are at the CFO/CEO level. So the card program is such an important part of their sales that we usually just have more engagement on what else can we be doing.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Betsy. So the way that we're thinking about it and similar to what we have said in the past is we're going to follow - even though we're not technically subject to the CCAR process, we're going to follow a similar process and timeline. So the Fed is going to publish their assumptions here shortly, probably early February, we're going to run those assumptions in our models. We're going to review a capital plan that includes both dividend and share repurchase, we will review with the risk committee, with the Board and then we'll review it with the regulators; we'll probably do that around the April timeframe. And then similar to the other banks, we would expect to hear back and have some clarity around June. So that is how we're thinking about it. So we're optimistic that we can get something done hopefully in the second half of the year. And in terms of the absolute magnitude of the return, we really need to go through the process. So we're just not in a position to be very specific at this point. But as we have said in the past, we're going to be very thoughtful around the first ask. It is more important for us to get a dividend and share repurchase established than it is to be very aggressive the first time out.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I think you have to take a look at the peers and their trajectory over a number of CCAR cycles. And now they are at elevated payout ratios. Longer term we would hope to be kind of in the same ZIP Code, but we're going to start out slower than that. We're going to be thoughtful around the first ask. I think the other thing that you have got to keep in mind as you think about our capital return is we're growing our risk-weighted assets faster than most of the peers set. So if you just assume - let's just take the midpoint of our guidance, 8% RWA growth, we would need to retain roughly 35% of our earnings to support growth and keep the capital ratios flat. So over the long term, anything over a 65% payout ratio would then start to bring our capital ratios down more in line with peers.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Sanjay, I wouldn't think about it necessarily as a moderating outlook. We put guidance out last year at 15% to 15.5%, we performed a little better than that. I think we were at 15.77% for the year. We said approximately 15.5% for 2016. So this isn't a significant change from our perspective from how we have been trending. In terms of how to think about the margin for 2016, I think there is a few puts and takes. Obviously we will see slight benefits we think from deposit growth and interest rates. As I mentioned earlier, we built in two more kind of rounds of tightening, 50 basis points for the year, we will get a slight benefit from that. But then we also expect to see some slight offsets for growth in promotional balances. We saw that in 2015, payment solutions growth continues to outpace the other platforms and those balances come on initially at a lower yield. And then we did see higher payment rates more broadly across the portfolio in 2015. So we have tried to account for all of that in the guidance of about 15.5% feels right for 2016.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Sanjay. So if you are looking at the ROA and if you are building off of 2015 the one thing to think about is the reserve build which I mentioned earlier on in the call. So we did receive a fairly significant benefit in the reserve built for improved performance, particularly in the first half. So in the first quarter we only posted $19 million of reserves, we posted $47 million in the second quarter. So while we were building reserves we were getting a fairly significant offset in the first half. And given we expect credit to stabilize from here we would expect to see a higher reserve build in the first half of 2016, so more in line with our receivables growth. And so, if you take that back to ROA, we would expect to start the year closer to the midpoint of the range. And then similar to what you saw this year in the second half, it usually ticks up a bit in the third quarter. That is where we hit that seasonal low on charge-offs. And then it typically ticks down a bit in the fourth quarter with the higher marketing spend and the seasonal charge-offs. So that gives you a good way to think about it for the year.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Sanjay. So as you mentioned, expenses were up 10% compared to the fourth quarter last year. In the quarter we did have $22 million of compensation-related payments that were tied to the exchange offer in the quarter. So, if you adjust for that expenses were up 7%, so more in line with growth. And in the expense growth, the 7% growth was really largely driven by the investments we're making in long term growth of the business as well as active accounts were up, obviously receivables up, etc. As you think about 2016, we gave you very similar guidance on the efficiency ratio of below 34%. Maybe I will just spend a minute describing how we think about it. First, I would say we're very focused on driving productivity and operating leverage across the business. We will continue to get more efficient across the business. We always start the year with a slew of productivity initiatives. We're driving things like moving more customers to e-statements and off of paper. We're improving the efficiency of our call center and collections teams. We're always trying to simplify and reduce the back office and IT systems. Okay, but then we take those savings and we make investments that we believe are going to drive long term growth of our business. So we're investing in things like mobile, data analytics, CRM. And so, we're very focused on driving operating leverage, but we're not so wed to the efficiency ratio that we're going to stop investing in these long term growth areas.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Don. So there was an impact from day count in the quarter. If you remember, in 2014 we were on GE's fiscal calendar. So in the fourth quarter of 2014 we had 94 days compared to 92 days this quarter. So this does impact some of the top-line metrics. That is part of the reason why you see purchase volume and platform revenue lagging the receivables growth a bit. If you adjust purchase volume for day count it would move from 8% to 10% growth. And then on platform revenue, this also stands out a bit. If you adjust for the $46 million gain on sale that we had in the fourth quarter last year and the fact that we had two less days this quarter of revenue, it was up 9% which is more in line with receivables growth.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, John. So when we put at a forecast, similar to what we did last year, we try not to include any new portfolio acquisitions. That is the case this year. So the 7% to 9%, it is right around our average organic growth rate over the past four years. And so, it is up a bit based on how we performed in 2015 from the guidance we gave last January. But it doesn't include any new portfolio acquisitions, it doesn't include any significant changes to the value props on our cards. So if you remember, in 2015 we posted 11% receivables growth, but that did include that BP portfolio acquisition. We didn't build anything like that in this year. And lastly, I would just say we also didn't build any real lift on retail sales. We think they will continue to be in that 2% to 3% kind of range. So that is what we kind of based the forecast on.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Eric, what we tried to do - so, I guess I would start by saying I wouldn't expect a step change from how we're managing liquidity today. We run a number of internal scenarios, we look at the applicable regulatory guidance, we look at where we think the rating agencies expect us to operate, we look at our maturities coverage and we use all of those inputs to kind of size the liquidity that we hold. And then in 2015 what you saw us do was use anything that - based on all of those inputs, anything that we felt was truly excess liquidity, we used that to prepay the bank loan and we paid off obviously the GE Capital loan entirely. So we look at our higher cost forms of debt and we say, okay, what could we prepay and hopefully benefit the margin. And we're going to continue to do that. I just don't think - I think the improvement to expect there is going to be more around the margins rather than a step change in 2016. The other thing I would point out is I do think there is probably a longer term opportunity as we get a little more experience with our deposit platform. I mean the other thing you have to remember is we're acquired the deposit platform in January 2013. So we have a relatively limited set of data on the deposit platform. As we start to grow that business and we start to see how the consumer behaves, our deposit customer behaves, that will give us a little more comfort in bringing down the overall liquidity. So I think there is probably a longer term opportunity, I just don't think you are going to see a step change in 2016.
Brian Doubles: That would result in a net benefit to cost of funds. So as I said earlier, I think you have got some puts and takes as you think about the net interest margin. You have got a benefit from liquidity, a benefit from deposit growth and a slight benefit on interest rates if the Fed continues to tighten. And then I think you have got some offsets on growth and promotional balances and then just a generally higher payment rate across the portfolio as consumers continue to get more cautious. So again, we were at 15.77% for the year, we said about 15.5% for 2016 and we have tried to take all of that into account as part of that guidance.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I think that is exactly right. I would just go back to Sanjay's question where what moved us largely to the higher end of the range of 2015 was the benefit we received on the reserve build from the improved performance. If you go back, January - we were sitting at January 2015 I probably guided you to the midpoint of the range. And then the only thing that really played out a lot different than what we thought was margin was a little bit better but really lower reserve build. I think for the year receivables grew 11%, we only built the reserve 8%. So there was an implied benefit that we received in 2015. And now that we think that things are going to stabilize we would expect reserves to grow more in line with growth in 2016.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So first on M&A, it is really the fourth priority for us. So in terms of our capital priorities organic growth is first and foremost. Dividend would be second, share repurchase third and then M&A fourth. We have a regular process around M&A opportunities. Anything that we would do on the M&A side would be largely capability driven, things that would be easier to buy than to build internally and would help us grow our core business. So don't expect things in other asset lending classes, it won't be too far from the core, it will be more capability driven. And obviously if we have line of sight to something we would build that into the capital plan - the capital planning process. And then just in terms of there is not a whole lot of guidance I can give you on magnitude or dividend, share repurchase split at this point. We need to go through the process which is going to kick off here shortly. The only thing I would point out is if you look at others' dividend payout ratios, they're all kind of in the same ZIP Code. Over time we would expect to be in the same kind of ZIP Code, but there is really not much more that I can give you this point.
Brian Doubles: Absolutely, I actually lump that into organic growth for us. It would be part of that bucket. If we had line of sight to something we would absolutely build that into the capital planning process. And as Margaret said, we have got a very good pipeline in all three of our platforms. I would characterize the deals as small to midsize deals, not the megadeals that are getting a lot of the attention right now. It is kind of the stuff that is core to our business and the stuff that we have done over the last two, three years.
Brian Doubles: And Moshe, just to come back on the Citgo question. It is in the guidance for 2016, but it is a relatively small portfolio. We think it will come in in the first quarter most likely.
