Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-party. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I would like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial, the Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have and we hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I will provide a quick wrap up and then we will open the call for Q&A. We continue to execute well on our strategic priorities, driving strong organic growth across each of our sales platforms, renewing several existing programs by also signing a new private label credit card program and launching a new co-brand program. We continue to drive solid deposit growth in support of our business development. We are also pleased to have announced a meaningful increase in our capital return to shareholders through our new dividend and share repurchase program. We remain focused on returning capital to shareholders, not only through dividends and share repurchases but also through the continued growth of our business, with a focus on maintaining strong returns and a solid balance sheet as we do so. I’ll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Sure. You will see that in growth in particularly kind of our mobile growth. So the way the Sy-Pi works, it’s an App that easily integrates to the retailer’s App that’s why we call it plug-in. So it’s very easy to the retailer to execute upon, because most of the work is on our side. And it integrates [indiscernible] so it’s a very seamless smooth process for the customer as they are going through their process of credit and using their credit card and paying and all those types of things getting their reward. So you will see it in growth and our engagement from a mobile perspective just continues to grow and that’s really where you will see that.
Margaret Keane: Not necessary as Brian said there was one program in particular where we need to change. But I would say that in general, the way we think about loyalty is the real positive for us. So the more the customers are aware of the rewards. Our analytic show that if we get them to go back any unused reward, they tend to have a bigger basket and shop more. So for us this circular process of issuing rewards make it easy for the customer, having them go back into our partners to shop is a real class. And as Brian said, the rewards are offset in RSA. So it’s really a win-win for both of us. Right we are helping to generate sales for the customer this higher engagement of that customer with our retailer and in the recent environment we are in, anything we can do to make that customer more sticky is a real positive.
Margaret Keane: It’s more wallet penetration across our retail base. I would just generally say, I know everyone looks at the one retailer, but we have a lot of retailers who have online mobile capability and that’s just an area with everything else is growing. So things like having Sy-Pi to help integrate through the App, as I dais we have 12 retailers already involved in that. We are going to continue roll out more, I think you are going to continue to see this be a big part of how customer shop.
Margaret Keane: Sure. We can’t really comment on one particular retailer. What I will tell you is that we initiated Amazon 5% off back in second quarter 2015. We are very pleased with the overall programs to-date. It continues a positive growth story for us. And you could read through Amazon had a great day. So we are very pleased with the partnership.
Margaret Keane: Yes, we really can’t comment on what we have started or not started. But what I would say is we have to win every day, so part of the process we deal here is really making sure we are delivering for the customers and the retailers now. In many cases usually something will come up where the retailers wants to either change the value prop or expand in a certain way which will allow us the opportunities to open up the dialogue. So we are constantly in those discussions and we feel pretty positive about the relationship that’s are coming up. The relationships we have had for very, very long time. And we are hoping and confident that we will be able to renew those relationships.
Margaret Keane: Yes, sure. I think competitors have been pretty stable as we have gone through this year. I would say, there is not many big deals out there. We tend to compete more on the $1 billion and below in that space, there is plenty of opportunity. We continue to look at existing programs from competitors as well as start-ups. I think I have mentioned in the past we have dedicated resources in all three platforms. So we are feeling pretty good about the pipeline that we have in place and how we are winning and playing in marketplace. We are not going to win every deal. We try to really work on the deals that we think meet our returns and are going to be accretive to our overall portfolio. And that’s kind of how we have approached it and we will continue to approach. But I don’t think anyone seeing particularly crazy out there in terms of competition.
Brian Doubles: Yes sure Bill this Brian. Look it is really isolated to one of our programs where we made a couple of changes to make it easier for our customers to redeem their rewards. We believe this is a positive for the consumer to drive more loyalty to the retailer, more visit, more purchases, it’s going to drive incremental sales over the long run. It is again isolated to the one program we highlighted about 34 million of that related to 2016 rewards in the first quarter of 2017. So when you factor in that change, our redemption rate for the total company now is running above 95%. So, even if we were to get to a 100% redemption across the board, when you factor in the RSA offset the future impact will be pretty small.
Brian Doubles: It would not have a material impact, the impact would be pretty small just given there is an RSA offset as the partners share in those costs. The best way to think about this going forward, if you adjust for that $34 million in the quarter, loyalty as a percent of interchange was around a 100% and that’s probably a good way to think about it going forward.
Brian Doubles: That you know, again the RSAs I know keep the like to focus on the RSAs as an offset to credit, we have been pretty clear that the RSAs are really based on the entire P&L, so it includes revenue, it includes loyalty expense, it includes credit, and all that, a couple of cases it includes the reserve build, it includes expenses and so it really is a complete sharing of the entire profitability of the program and so, the RSAs that we saw adjustments to our estimate in the quarter absolutely ramped to the RSA and it was an offset there.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Moshe. We have only gone here a couple months past when we published us back in April, so I would say the vintages are performing very much in-line with our expectations, we are still seeing the benefit from the underwriting changes that we have made in the second half of 2016 flow through, so we still see that can have a 2016 vintage is better than the first half of 2016. And that’s at least in part what is giving us some comfort that losses will start to level off in the back half of 2018. The underwriting changes that we made in the second half of 2016 and that we have continue to make in the first half of 2017 those are largely going to benefit in the 2018 loss rates. So I would say based on an updated those vintage curves everything we are seeing is pretty much in-line with what we showed you in April.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I think the general trends are all very similar as you look across issuers. I think credit normalization trends are consistent. But I do think, you are seeing a little bit of variation in terms of which quarter in particular summer starting to see or change our view on the go forward projection. So I think based on - and you can actually, if you go back over the past couple of years and you look at where issuers saw really strong growth, that will differ as well by issuers by a quarter or two. For us, we saw really strong growth in 2015 for first half of 2016. And right now in 2017, we are working our way through the peak kind of loss rates for those vintages. Second half of 2016 will be maturing in the second half of 2018 and so that’s where we will start to see the benefits on the underwriting changes we’ve made. So it’s hard to comment generally, I think the trends across all the issuers are very consistent. But I think everybody is seeing this materialize in maybe a different quarter.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I would say recovery pricing was generally pretty stable this quarter. This is an area that we continue to watch pretty closely. I mentioned last quarter that we run regular analysis on these sales and we compare the results of the debt sales other methods of collecting on the account. So we are always making those trade-off and we are always trying to optimize different strategy. If we start to see the pricing deteriorate further, we may pull back on some of these sales and collect on the accounts for other means but we haven’t made a dramatic shift in our strategy and haven’t reached that decision point yet. But it’s something we evaluate every month internally.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, let me do the recovery one first. So on recoveries, we would go through a transition period. Day one, we wouldn’t bring it all in-house. We would be thoughtful around how we manage that transition. Obviously there is a short-term implication, there is a long-term implication. You would be a step-up in cost as move some of that in-house or to other collection strategies. But if we felt like that we are getting a good return on our investment over the long-term that’s something we would certainly consider. But we would have to build out some additional infrastructure and add some cost related to that. On the RSAs, I think if you think about where we started the year, we were 3.7 last quarter, we are 3.6 this quarter. You really have to remember that the second half of the year we had a seasonal high, particularly had a seasonal high in the third quarter that typically coincides with the seasonal low point on net charge-off. So this just that dynamic alone as you move from the second into the third and then into the fourth quarter, RSA percentages come up. And we think that puts us back right around 4% for the full-year.
Brian Doubles: Yes, so Ryan. Look I think generally the trends like I said are in-line with our expectations. The one thing that you have to factor in, let’s just talk about seasonality for a bit, we do see a fairly significant seasonal drop in NCOs in the third quarter. So you have to make sure that you are modeling that right. That’s certainly included in our guidance. And then just well around the topic of seasonality its probably just worth a reminder that we also see a seasonal increase in delinquencies in the second half of the year. So you just got to make sure that you are taking that all into account, but we feel pretty good about 2017. like I said this is a transition year. This is where we are kind of hitting the peak of the 2015 and first half of 2016 vintages. The underwriting changes that we have made are largely going to benefit 2018. And so that’s really where we are focused. The reserve build in the quarter gives you a fairly good indication that is in-line with our expectations and now we have picked up the first half of 2018, so that should give you some comfort that things are trending more or less in-line with what we expected.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. Look other than giving you the full-year and you’ve got the first two quarters to work with, I think that should help you model the third quarter and the fourth quarter pretty closely. I think the thing I just reiterate is you got to factor in the seasonal decrease in the third quarter that comes back up in the fourth. In terms of the margin, look we are very pleased with how we started the year. We are up 26 basis points over last year in the quarter. Receivable yield was up 15 basis points with stronger revolve rate, we got a benefit from the increase in the prime rate, we did have a partial offset from interest and fee reversals which you would expect to see in-line with credit normalization. And then we have done I think a nice job optimizing the liquidity that we are holding on the balance sheet. As you think about the second half for the year, we do typically get a seasonal lift in yield in the second half for the year; however, there is going to be a couple offsets we think. First, I think we will probably see slightly higher deposit betas than we have seen so far in the rate cycle. Nothing dramatic, but probably just a little bit higher than what we have seen so far in the first 100 basis points maybe a little more competition on rates in the second half. And then I think we are also likely to get a little less benefit from higher revolve rate in the second half just getting some of the changes we made on underwriting. So think there will be some puts and takes but that probably puts us back between the 16, 16 and a quarter range for the full-year.
Brian Doubles: Well the revolve rate tends to ebb and flow in-line with credit normalization, so we have seen a fairly substantial benefit on revolve rate starting in the second half of last year. We continue to see that through the first half and I think that will just moderate a bit heading into the second half of this year.
Brian Doubles: No, we started the year remember around 4.5%, we took it down last quarter to 4.1% to 4.2% and now we are staying around 4%. Part of that is a combination of what we are seeing on credit, plus the additional loyalty costs that we had in the quarter, those are really the two driver. And then how you get from 3.6%, 3.7% range to 4% for the full-year is really seasonality. Go back over the last three years and you look at the increase from the second quarter to the third quarter and then into the fourth you always see an increase in the RSA, some of that is driven by lower net charge offs, some of that is program specific but that increase will be there in the third quarter and we think combination of those things puts us background 4% for the full-year.
Brian Doubles: Yes I mean we were about a month early I think, we got through our process with our board and with our regulators and we were very pleased to be able to announce the capital plan when we did. We were able to take advantage some of that in the quarter. We repurchased about 200 million of the allotment in the quarter. So where we have a little bit of flexibility, we are trying to be opportunistic around that and we will continue to do that. But I don’t think, we are going to be much ahead of timing wise, what we announced this quarter. I think we are still following a very similar process, we are using the same scenarios that gets published early in the year. We run our models, we review it with obviously the Management Team, the Risk Committee and the Board. And our Regulators and this year that put us right around the May timeframe that’s probably not a bad way to think about it going forward, but it could lag a month and we could be close sort of where the peers are in that.
Brian Doubles: Look it’s, you will see whatever impact is there in the growth numbers for the company. But I would highlight that we are pretty diversified across all of our retail partners and its where that you would see even and I am as significant as Amazon Prime Day have a dramatic impact on our overall results.
Brian Doubles: Yes, no I wouldn’t attribute it to promotional balances. We have seen strong growth in the Payment Solutions, but I would say the trends in Payment Solutions are similar to what we are seeing across the total company in terms of normalization. The one thing I have pointed out in the past is we do underwrite differently by platform, so we are actually slightly more conservative in how we underwrite in Payment Solutions just given if you look at the margins there and the top-line yield, we are working with a little bit less there than we are in CareCredit and Retail Card. So we underwrite a little more conservatively in Payment Solutions, given the margin in CareCredit we will underwrite a little bit deeper. CareCredit and Retail Card is fairly close to the average. So portfolio mix is absolutely a driver, but I would not attribute it to promotional balances.
Brian Doubles: Yes, we do use third-parties as well, we try and optimize across all of the recoveries strategies in the various channels and like I said earlier, we are looking at that on a monthly basis. We have run champion challenger to see where we are getting the best results and we modify and adjust the strategies as we go. I would say the majority of the impact that we have seen has largely been attributable to the market pricing on the debt sales and lesser impact in other strategies.
Brian Doubles: Yes, it’s a good question Mark. The one thing I would highlight, in the second quarter of 2016 we spiked out of 15 basis points of incremental recoveries that we had in the second quarter of 2016 which obviously didn’t repeat it either in the third quarter of 2016 or repeat this quarter obviously. So that’s one thing I would point to, so maybe take the second quarter of 2016 charge-offs up by 15 basis points and then you would see more of a seasonal decline as you move from the second quarter to the third quarter.
Brian Doubles: I think you are seeing I would say to some degree in the purchase volume, we have obviously tightened, we made incremental changes here in the first half, we do expect that to have a modest impact on growth, if you look at purchase volume we were right around 7% when you adjust for HHGregg this quarter versus a run rate that was probably closer to 9% or a little above 9%. So I think that’s where you are seeing it. We are not seeing it quite yet in the receivables still, because there is an offset on incremental revolve which is more of a consumer behavioral element that continues to drive good receivables growth. So we think there is still really good opportunities to continue to grow but I think, we are not seeing the same opportunities to grow that we saw in 2015 and at least in the first half of 2016. So I think, there will be a modest impact going forward. But generally as we look across the programs in the platforms, we are still seeing good growth opportunities that are attractive returns, just maybe not we are seeing couple of years ago.
Brian Doubles: Look, for us, yields and margins are ahead of our expectations so far this year. If you remember, when we started a year back in January, we guided to a net interest margin of 15.75 to 16. We took that up 90 days in. We now think we will be between 16, 16 and a quarter for the year. So we continue to be slightly asset sensitive, its right around 1% under 100 basis points shock. And that’s been very consistent over the last three years. That 1% kind of range hasn’t really moved much. I do think as we get into the second half year that we may see a little more competition on deposit rate. We have seen just in the last four to six weeks, we have seen some competitors move. We have been very fortunate so far with the first 100 basis points. I think on our CDs and savings, I think we haven’t moved more than 10 or 15 basis points across all those products. So we have had a nice little lag her. The margins have improved as a result of it. But I do think the things will get a little more competitive and we are ready to respond to that if we have to.
Brian Doubles: Yes, that’s really more of a one-time item that related to 2016 rewards in first quarter 2017. And in terms of a run rate going forward, if you adjust that to 34 million and put loyalty as a percentage of interchange right around a 100% that’s not a bad way to think about it going forward.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, John. Look I think our expectation is that any move in deposit pricing is going to be pretty modest. I just think it’s been almost non-existent so far with the first 100 basis points that’s going to be slightly above that. We have seen some competitors, we have to figure in a high yield savings with more attractive offers out there, whether it’s the one-time bonus or slightly better rate than they have been offering, and I think we are going to have to step-up our pricing a little bit more in the second half than we did in the first half. But I’m talking about basis points here, not a wholesale change from what we have been seeing.
Brian Doubles: We have always tried to kind of match the duration of our assets with our liabilities that’s part of our funding strategy. We have been very successful in growing the high yield savings book. I would say anywhere where we can grow the longer tenure CDs right now in this environment, we are looking to do that. Obviously given where rates are there is not a lot of demand for a five year CD, where they are priced today. So we are trying to take advantage of that where we can, there is just as not much demand there as we would like to see.
