Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our second quarter earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us this morning. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause the actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now it is my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. Operator, we are now ready to begin the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to further answer any questions you may have. Have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks Brian. I will close with the summary of the quarter on Slide 11, and then we will begin the Q&A portion of the call. During the quarter, we exhibited strong growth across several key areas, making progress on several fronts and continuing the momentum we have generated over the last several quarters. We continue to make our products valuable to our retail partners, merchants, providers and consumers by enhancing our capabilities, developing compelling value propositions and creating innovative technologies such as our digital wallet capabilities. We are happy to see our digital wallet strategy take hold, we will be one of the first issuers to offer private-label credit cards and Apple Pay, and we recently launched our BP Dual Card in this digital wallet. We continue to win and renew important partnership and maintain a healthy pipeline of additional opportunities and we are pleased with the ongoing success of our fast-growing deposit platform. With the application now filed, we look forward to providing you updates as we continue to move closer to our separation from GE. I will now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: He is our great marketing guy. Isn't he? Yes. We rolled this out a couple of weeks ago and I think with any new offer, we really want to make sure that the offer is working. Obviously, the prime customer is an incredibly important customer to Amazon, so working jointly together with them, we wanted, one, to make sure the offer was working, two, that all of our processes and Amazon's processes were working really well to really give the best experience to the customer, so I would stay tuned. The plan is for this to be a big part of what Amazon is looking to do in the future. Obviously, as we said it is a great offer, so we are pretty excited about the potential.
Margaret Keane: Yes. Actually in my opening comments I mentioned we have a new mobile platform, so we just rolled that out, so we took the learnings and capability we have on our card side and rolled it over to the mobile platform for our deposit customer and that is going extraordinary well, so the ability to open an account on a mobile phone is much better than it was and we have added a whole bunch of features on the mobile phone and we will continue to build that out as we add additional products.
Margaret Keane: Most of what they have with us is CDs and savings product. I think, as we move to adding checking accounts later next year that will be a definite positive there.
Margaret Keane: The first thing I would say is, we have an opportunity to continue to grow organically, so I would start out by saying we can really be selective about what we go after. You know, our appetite to grow with new acquisitions whether it is an existing portfolio or a start-up is very strong. We reorganized our development team well over a year ago. We now have very dedicated resources in all three platforms, so we have a very healthy pipeline that we are looking at and it is really great to have a mix between existing portfolio and start-ups. Some of our biggest programs today were start-ups, so we are very bullish on start-ups. We know how to do them. Obviously it takes a little bit of time to get them to grow out of the gate, but once you get that engine going it really takes off, so we are very focused on both, driving the organic side, but more importantly, winning new opportunities in the market.
Margaret Keane: Yes. Overall, I would say, the team is on the ground. I can't really comment on the specifics, but I would say it has been a very good process. I think, you all know that we had done a pre-application well over a year ago and got very good guidance through a pre-application process of things we had to focus on. Obviously, we would not have filed the application if we did not think we were ready. Brian already mentioned that the cost of the infrastructure is already in our second quarter, so we feel that the things that we needed to focus on, corporate governance, risk management, our whole capital planning process, you know, model developing government and you know, IT infrastructure, which was a big one, are in place. They are in here, they will work through the summer. The question then becomes how quickly can a write-up their recommendation. Then it goes to the Board of Governors, which it is a little open to how that process is going to work, whether they do it in an existing meeting or they have a separate meeting, but our view right now is we are still targeting the end of the year. I think if it does slip into the first quarter, it really is just around the ability of the fed to get through everything that they have, the application is fairly significant, and getting this in front of the Board of Governors in the right timeframe, and I will have Brian comment a little bit about the timing at the end of the year, because we have certain windows, we have to do this within.
Margaret Keane: There is a plenty of portfolios. First of all the way we look at this is, just things coming up for us is always a natural set of portfolio that come up. I would not say Moshe, there is anything big out there.
Margaret Keane: I think the big portfolios, there is not a lot of over $1 billion portfolios out there, but there is plenty in the $250 million up to $1 billion that I think we are looking at and going after. I think the other is just looking at the start-ups. I mean, it is interesting to note that a number of retails still do not have a program and believe it or not we are seeing more activity of people actually reaching out to us enquiring about doing a portfolio, so there has been a little more activity there. I think some of that is driven by the fact that as retail sales struggle a bit, having a program certainly helps and we have proven that by the programs that we do have. Then there is the whole online space and things that are happening there. From an activity perspective, we are actually going after all of those things and I would say that we are fine with, and you know that is going for smaller deal to a bigger deal, so I think it gives us an opportunity to look more broadly.
Margaret Keane: Well, I think, I would attribute it to really two things. One, I think, we are seeing this in terms of consumer behavior. The consumers are still being conservative about how they expand. I think the value propositions on our cards, in fact that we have I think got a good machine running around how we are putting out the next software, how we are using data and analytics, when you talk about or what Brian mentioned earlier about the re use of our cards and Payments Solution and CareCredit, those are things that we have really put in place over the last couple of years. I would say the other big win for us is really our whole digital strategy. If Brian mentioned this or I mentioned this in my opening, our online sales were up 20% year-over-year. If you look at the overall industry, U.S. sales are growing at 14%, so we are getting a big greater share of those online sales. Our mobile applications are really growing. About a third of our applications now come through mobile. Then 42% of our active customers are actually interacting with us some way using our digital channels, so I think as the consumer behavior shifts to mobile. I think one big advantage that we have versus many other general purpose credit cards is you can apply and buy immediately and you could do it on your mobile phone. I think our ability to capture that customer at the sites of purchase I think is really a big, big opportunity for us, and one that as we continue to build out our data and analytics team to really drive that and I think I mentioned in the past, we have partnered with GPShopper, who actually has some great mobile asset that we are integrating our cards programs with, particularly true for the smaller retailers maybe do not have a team sitting there to help them build out a mobile application. We are working with them to have that happen, so I think the whole digital pieces is going to become a bigger part of who we are and important part of how we go to market.
Margaret Keane: Sure. Let me answer the first on Payment Solutions. I think interestingly enough, Sanjay, I think, one of the things that has worked to our benefit, believe it or not, is the separation from GE. In fact that many of these partners are seeing us as this is all we are going to be doing. We are 100% dedicated to the retail market so our activity overall and Payment Solution has really picked up and some of it is, obviously, I said we dedicated resources and they are going after that. Even more importantly, we are getting people calling us, so I think there is a focus now that they know this is the business where are in and this is the business we are going to go after. We are very strong in that business, we have a lot and that is really the heritage of our business, right? We have a strong team there and I think, we have invested in things that I think have really help us from a technology perspective, which many of those retailers, you have the bigger guys, they have a lot of smaller retailers there who really look to us to help them really bring capabilities and I think that is something that has really played well for us. In terms of looking for more economics out of payment and mobile wallet, our goal is really to work with our partners to grow sales and we really see the wallet as really the final step in the process, so for us it is really building out the whole spectrum of the credit cycle applying, buying, getting a reward, getting your messaging and text messaging from us and then making a payment. I would not anticipate us looking to get more from our partners. We really want to work with them together in the overall relationship to grow the business, so that is how we are thinking about it and that is our business model, right, bringing capabilities and making it a better experience for their customers to really help drive volume growth for them.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure Mark. This is Brian. We are not technically subject to CCAR just given our charter. We are a savings and loan holding company, not a bank holding company, so we are not technically subject to CCAR. With that said, we are certainly preparing is therefore going to be subject to the same oversight by the Fed, the same processes, so when the CCAR scenarios come out, we run those scenarios, we are developing our models in such a way that we believe they are CCAR compliant and meet the regulators' expectations. That is how we think about, governance of our capital, so we are building those processes, but it is unclear as of right now as to whether or not we will be formally subject to CCAR. Obviously, that is part of the application and the approval to separate. The Fed can subject us to CCAR or something that looks a lot like it, so that is how we are preparing.
Brian Doubles: Well, we can't comment specifically on our discussions with our regulators, but I think what is important here is, we are preparing is therefore going to be regulated just like other banks of similar size. You know you should assume that whether it is through CCAR or another means that the Fed is going to regulate our capital levels in a similar way.
Brian Doubles: Sure John. We acquired BP towards the end of May, so it is in the EOP, but you do not have a full quarter's worth of purchase volume. I can't give you the exact size of BP. I can't disclose it, but I can tell you that our entire oil and gas portfolios are less than 3% of our receivables, so that will give you kind of an upper bound. That includes BP, Chevron, P66.
Brian Doubles: Sure. The prioritization has not changed. Organic growth is first and foremost the top priority along with portfolio acquisitions. We think that we have got a robust pipeline in all three of our platforms. We will continue to look to bring on new relationships. We brought on the BP portfolio, we just talked about we announced MattressFirm, which we think will be a great deal for us. That is going to launch in April of our 2016, so we will continue to compete and try and grow the business organically, so that is first priority. Second priority would be to establish a regular dividend and share repurchase program. Then I would say lastly, we will look at M&A. We are always looking at M&A opportunities. I will tell you, we will be a lot more disciplined around M&A compared to the other three alternatives as a use for capital just given the risk profile. I think if you see us do something on the M&A front, it will most likely be a very close adjacency to what we do today, so it will be something that will help us build out our capabilities, help our partners drive incremental sales in the programs, so that type of acquisition opportunity.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I did make it into the second quarter, so you should assume that the second quarter reflects kind of the end of that infrastructure build cost, so that is in the run rate of the second quarter. As you think about the second half as I mentioned earlier, we are going to have - there will be some incremental cost in the second half, but not tied to the infrastructure build. We are going to complete the rollout of EMV. You typically see marketing expense increase in the second half of year, so we would expect to see that again this year, so you are going to have those types of things that happen in the second half of the year, but I would not expect anything material incremental on the infrastructure built.
Brian Doubles: Yes. If we look at what is in the second quarter run rate, we came in very close to that estimate that we provided last year.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure. Don, you are right. The shock scenarios that we publish, and there hasn't really been a change to those. We are still mildly asset-sensitive, so 100 basis points shock interest rates takes our net interest income up about $75 million, which is less than 1%, so that profile has remained relatively consistent. We do have the opportunity in some of our agreements to pass-through higher funding cost. I will tell you that each one of these agreements is different, so I cannot give you a rule of thumb, because every deal works a little bit differently, but generally you should think about the deals working similarly and the fact that we calculate an after-tax return, funding cost is typically a component of that as well as credit costs and revenue and all the other P&L line items. We earn up to a hurdle and we share above that hurdle, so that dynamic holds true for the most part on interest expense, but every deal does work a little bit differently.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter. I think, we are performing ahead of where we thought would be back in January, so we are very happy with the growth that we are seeing so far. I think the results are particularly good considering retail sales overall were somewhat sluggish. Retail sales in the second quarter were up 1.7% year-over-year and our purchase volume was up 11, so we are very encouraged by what we are seeing so far this year. In terms of the remainder of the year, you got a couple of big factors that you have to take into account. We have got back-to-school. That will give us a good indication on how consumers are spending. We have obviously got the holiday season that will largely determine where we end up for the year, but generally the growth trends are all moving in the right direction. We look at purchased volume. Proactive account was up 6%. We saw an increase in average balance per account as well, so those are both good indicator that consumers are seeing real value on our cards. You know Margaret mentioned that online sales were up 20%. The other thing that we should just highlight, we have talked about in prior calls the reuse that we are seeing in both CareCredit and Payment Solutions. CareCredit reuse was at 50% for the quarter that is up from 47% a year ago and payment solutions reuse was 27%. That is up from 26%. You know breakdown the quarter and look at the growth trends, they are all moving in the right direction and we are really pleased with where we are for the first half of the year.
Brian Doubles: More ratios, you know, credit is going to grow in line with growth in receivables, but we would expect the ratios to hold pretty consistent. We have said that all year. I think in the first and second quarter credit in a little better than we expected, we think, primarily driven by lower gas prices.
Brian Doubles: It is just a little unclear how much of that is going to continue, but I think everything we look at still feels like credit will be stable.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Our expectation, Ryan, would be that we receive the approval that will be public. Very shortly thereafter, we would launch the exchange offer. We do have to manage around earnings blackout period for us and for GE, so there are specific windows that we can target for the exchange offer. It has got to be open 20 days. It could be extended another 10 days, so those are the things that we are managing as we look at when exactly we could get this completed.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Dual Card growth, we do not break it out specifically, but it is growing and it will always grow faster than private-label credit cards. Let me just spend a minute and explain the dynamics there. We have, what we call, loan growth strategy. We start new accounts out with a smaller PLCC line. We increase that line over time as they demonstrate payment behavior and we get more comfortable with the credit worthiness of that consumer. Then ultimately, we upgrade them into a Dual Card account, so just that dynamic of the upgrade from a PLCC to a Dual Card, will give you higher growth rate, faster growth rate in Dual Card than what we see in PLCC. I cannot tell you that the Dual Card growth rates have been relatively consistent more or less in line with our expectations. I think, right now we have Dual Card programs in 14 of our 20 relationships, so there are still an opportunity I think to launch some Dual Card programs in the rest of the portfolio.
Brian Doubles: We are not baking anything in for that. I think, The Sam's Club value props stands on its own, it is a very attractive value prop, 531 and we have been very pleased with the results so far since we launched it.
Brian Doubles: Well, I think there are a couple things. There is not a lot of history here, so I do not think anybody knows as rates start to rise what deposit betas are going to look like. The landscapes are a lot different than the last. The only time period you can really look at is 2004 to 2007 and deposit betas for online platforms were between 60 and 70. Are they going to be higher this time around? They could be. I think as we look at it, first, we do not have any significant investment, no investment tied up in brick-and-mortar branches. I think that helps us offset the impact if deposit betas come in higher. We have obviously got pretty healthy margins, so I think if deposit betas come in on a high-end or a little bit higher, that is still fairly manageable for us, so time will tell where this thing plays out. The other thing that we are doing, we have talked about this I think in prior calls. Right now, we are competing to some extent on rate and I think customer service. To the extent that we can rollout some of these new capabilities, Margaret mentioned, demand checking accounts, online bill pay, that will help us lower the deposit beta over time and that is absolutely in the plans and we are looking at rolling those out next year.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Again, I would attribute a big chunk of that to BP, in fact that we only had a month worth of purchase volume, but we had obviously brought on all the receivables at the end of the quarter. I think that is part of the biggest driver to think about. Other than that, I do not know that there are any other underlying trends to highlight.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Typically in a Dual Card product, you get back to the net return, but you get there differently. If I just compare a private-label return to a Dual Card return, Dual Card tends to be higher FICO customer, so you will see less revolve on your accounts, you see lower financed charges, but that is largely offset by lower losses. When you kind of net those to how you get back to a similar return that we earn on PLCC. Again, on Dual Card, obviously, you are earning on a higher balance, so you are getting incremental earnings.
Brian Doubles: You know, there is nothing we are concerned about. You do see our loyalty costs are up, driven by the new value props that we have launched, but I think we look at these costs fundamentally just different than I think you look at them for general purpose card player in that the partner shares a significant portion of these costs. What we like is that we can offer a very attractive value proposition like we launched at Sam's Club, and like we just recently launched with Amazon, and when it nets through with the RSA offset, we still earn a very attractive return on that program. These new value props that we have launched are good things. They are driving growth, they are driving incremental finance charge revenue for the business, the partner share and part of the cost, so if we have the opportunity to launch better value props in our other programs, we are going to continue to look to do that. So we do not feel it necessarily as competitive pressure so much as we do a real opportunity to drive growth going forward.
