Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone and thanks for joining our call. In addition to today’s press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today’s call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. Operator, we are now ready to begin the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Yes. Thanks, everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations teams will be available to answer any further questions you may have and have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I will close with a summary of the quarter on Slide 11 and then we will begin the Q&A portion of the call. During the quarter, we exhibited broad-based growth across key areas, signed and renewed important partnerships and expanded our network in the utility of our cards and continued to develop innovative solutions and value propositions to help drive sales. And our pipeline of additional opportunities remains strong. Our digital channels remain a key component of our overall strategy and we delivered strong growth both online and through our native app. We are pleased with the ongoing success of our fast growing deposit platforms and strong balance sheet. I will now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Sure. I think we have said in the past that we do have BP in the numbers. So that’s a little bit of the growth. But the real growth is coming from organic growth and increased penetration. And throughout CareCredit 50% of the sales are repeat and Payment Solutions, we are seeing nice repeat. I think one of the key drivers of our results is really two things. One is the value props that we continue to enhance and drive into our retailers and we work closely with them to really develop those value propositions. And going back to what Brian saying about the consumer being stable on credit, I do think consumers continue to look for a reason to shop. So, having very strong value propositions is really key. The second is really all the innovation we continue to do on mobile. Our online sales overall, were up 29% year-over-year in the quarter, which is really a testament to the ability to apply and buy I think. And you combine that with the strong value propositions. I think this is why you are really seeing the kind of growth you are seeing. So, I would say most of it is through existing cardholders who are deepening their loyalty to the brand of that particular retailer. On the pipeline itself, our pipeline continues to remain robust. It’s really a mix, I would say of startups as well as existing portfolios that we are looking to win. It’s a combination of both. We have, as I said in the past, dedicated resources in all three platforms. We are working on our network, so in CareCredit being able to add RiteAid things like that. So very focused on the front end on winning deals and feel we have a good pipeline going forward.
Margaret Keane: Yes, we just do the combined digital, which is the 29%. And again, the bulk of the sales are still in store obviously, because that’s the bulk of where people just continue to shop, but this metric continues to excel. And probably one of the case is when we see a consumer shop multi-channel, we definitely get higher penetration on the cards. So, if they shop in-store and online, for example, we know they are more loyal and intend to stay longer with us. So really working through all those channels is very important.
Margaret Keane: Sure first of all I think we are always looking at ways to enhance value props, right, because the ultimate goal for both us and the partner is to grow the program. And if we grow the program through the sales and receivables, we all win. So that’s kind of a fundamental. Whenever we do a launch like this, obviously we work closely with a partner. And in terms of the overall economics, there is economics in these deals that we can move around and Brian can talk a little more specifically about that if you want. So for us, the more we grow the program and the more we drive loyalty in the cards through those value proposition, the better we are off as well as the partner. We are pretty excited with this particular launch because it’s a program that I think aligns very close to the strategic direction of Walmart, where they really want to drive online sales. So for us, this is a program that is a big launch and one we are excited about, one that I think we can grow the overall program. And when you grow the overall program, we all win. I don’t know Brian, if you would add more on the economics.
Margaret Keane: Yes, I think probably the key thing or the difference between the co-brand and the pure like Walmart example is really the engagement that you really get at the top. And I think in all of our big programs, the most important thing is for us to really connect with the strategy that, that particular retailer or partner is really trying to drive. And so the engagement both from an analytics and marketing perspective is just so high. You don’t necessarily always get that same connection when you are doing the co-brand. So, I think that makes a big difference. I think the other thing that all retailers are really facing is how do they reach out to their target markets. And I think the fact that we had this 29% online growth overall year-over-year is certainly a way for us to really continue to connect with the partners, because the reality is consumers are shopping differently. So, I think really be engaged at the strategy level with the retailer is probably one of the, I think bigger differences between what we are doing on that side versus generic co-brand.
Margaret Keane: Sure. I think we are working very closely with all those guys. I think at the end of the day, how a consumer is going to decide how they make their payment is going to be up to them, right? So, I think the position we have taken is that all of the players that you talked about are really partners of ours, including PayPal by the way, where we offer our credit programs. So for us, it’s really about getting our cards in the wallet, whatever that wallet is, to be top of wallet and to get consumer to use it more. And I think the connection we have with merchants I think is very different than many of the players out there. And I think that’s the value we bring even to some of the partners you talked about, like Visa or MasterCard and PayPal, right? So, we have that very tight connection with the merchant. And so we see this all as upside for us and continue to see that whole payment landscape as an opportunity for us to be in the forefront and continue to invest and we will continue to invest to be leaders in that.
Margaret Keane: We are not seeing that. Our partners are not asking us to go deeper. I think we have been very consistent since the crisis in our underwriting. We have not changed underwriting. Our portfolio has remained fairly consistent since 2011. So I think this is where the goal should be not going necessarily deeper, but ensuring that you are bringing the value and sales in an up way through marketing, through being innovative, through driving channel integration and really working it that way. We control underwriting. It’s something that we feel we have to do when we to our contracts. So that’s something that I think is really important from a safety and soundness perspective from our bank. And we work with the retailers. There is many other ways to grow programs without having to necessarily always dig deeper. And I don’t know Brian, if you had mentioned really how the portfolio...
Margaret Keane: I think that varies retailer by retailer, but I think if you take the whole formula of what we do, the retailer is always looking to fund greater loyalty to their brand and their card. And we have retailers who take some of the earnings off the RSA and plough it right back into additional offers. So it varies across. I think the reality is right now everyone is – Brian mentioned it early, retailer sales have not been necessarily stellar. So our retailers and our partners are really looking to us to work with them to really make sure we are continuing to get right offers out there. But the retailers are high. The more engaged the retailer is, usually the better the program performance is.
Margaret Keane: No, I would say that’s why we are pretty excited. We have been working with Walmart since 1999 and most of the value prop on the card has been kind of more pulsing promotional types of things like $0.05 or $0.10 off gas or something like that or some of the types of offerings. So to get a consistent value prop, that’s – everyday use is really a big deal, because that’s when the consistency and the usage of the card goes up. And obviously, Walmart is a big retailer, so we are pretty excited about it.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So I think you have to put this in the context of kind of the overall portfolio and how we manage it. And we are always looking to extend relationships. We never let the relationship go to the end of the term before we start having dialogue. In most cases, something comes up like a new value prop launch that’s very significant or they want to roll out a Dual Card or something like that. So I would just say that this is a constant part of how we manage the overall portfolio and we are always engaging with partners to ensure that we renew them before the end of the term. I think we will have to see how the competitive environment plays out. I think this is where we have to do a really good job delivering for our customers and really ensuring that we actually give them no recent RFP and try to engage with them as early as possible. And we have had great success with that over the long-term relationships that we have had.
Margaret Keane: Okay. I just want to clarify one point. I mentioned the 29%. I just want to make sure people know. Its online sales were up 29% year-over-year. And if you compare that to what’s happening overall in the industry, that’s about 14% to 15%, so it’s online sales. I don’t want to confuse anyone there, because I might have got misinterpreted, so just want to clarify.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure Ryan. So, I think it still feels like we are operating in a pretty stable environment when it comes to credit. We continue to think that losses will be stable for the balance of the year. We have been pretty clear that we don’t expect them to get better from here. I think that’s pretty consistent across the industry. If you look at the performance in the quarter, it was largely in line with our expectations. If you look at the year-over-year comparison, you have to remember that we had a really strong first quarter last year, which was frankly is better than we expected. We only had a $19 million reserve build in the first quarter last year. So, really what you are seeing now is more of a normalization and generally more in line with our expectations. So, if you look at reserve coverage levels, they are also very consistent. Reserve coverage as a percent of receivables was 5.5%. It was down just 9 basis points from last year. If you look at the reserve coverage against last 12 months charge-offs, it was 1.29x versus 1.26x a year ago, so also very consistent. So, I think for the balance of the year, we continue to say our losses will be stable, an overall change to that 2-year kind of average that we gave in January.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, John. So, I would say the trends have picked up a little bit from recent quarters primarily around active account growth. So, the big thing for us relative to general purpose cards, we are always measuring active accounts and that obviously includes new accounts. Active accounts are more important for us, because we are trying to create those incentives for cardholders to use the card more often. We want to create value propositions that push our card more towards the top of wallet. And so if you look at purchase volume growth, about half of that came from higher spend per active account. That was up about 8.5% from the prior year and then the other half came from an increase in overall active accounts, up 7.5%. So, a lot of what we are doing around the value propositions is getting – we are getting consumers to use the card more often and they are also spending more on the card when they use it. So I think all those trends are moving – continue to move in the right direction, but they did get incrementally better this quarter from where we have been trending.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So let me just take the first one. The RSA would typically be fairly stable in the first half of the year. As I mentioned, just given we had a very small reserve build last year, and when that happens, our partners benefit from that. So if you compare against last year, we had a higher RSA percentage last year than what you saw. The RSA this quarter is actually probably more in line with what you should expect going forward. It’s pretty stable in the second quarter. And then we always see a seasonal increase in the RSA percentage in the third quarter and it comes down a bit in the fourth quarter, but it is typically elevated in the second half of the year. And then your second question on Walmart, you will see – depending on how that plays out, it’s still very early, but you will see any time we launch a value proposition, you typically see loyalty costs, interchange will increase and there is a partial offset in the RSA for those items. But I would continue to use slightly below 4.5% range for the year that we gave you.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So let me just take NIM first. It was slightly above the 15.5% outlook due to the fact that we had really strong deposit growth. We did use some excess liquidity to pay down the bank term loan. So when you look at the average liquidity in the quarter compared to last year, it was a little bit lower. So those are all positives and some of those were factored in the guidance we gave you and some of them came in a little bit better. I think as you think about the rest of the year, if deposit growth continues at this pace, we could see some benefit there in our margins. We are always looking at ways to optimize liquidity, so there could be a slight benefit there. However, there would probably be a couple of offsets. One is we continue to see really strong growth in Payment Solutions. You saw that this quarter. And so you will see a little bit of an offset in our receivable yields. And then our guidance did include, if you remember, it included 50 basis points of Fed rate increases in the back half of the year. We had those in June and December. And so the markets pricing and maybe one rate increase. So that would be just a little bit of pressure on the guidance. So I think there are some put and takes, I wouldn’t think about the margin for the balance of the year trending too significantly in either direction from the 15.76 we reported this quarter.
Brian Doubles: Yes. And then on the efficiency ratio, obviously is very strong in the quarter, 30.4%. it’s definitely going to trend up from here. There is no question. We benefited from having very strong revenue growth in the quarter. We didn’t spend a lot on marketing and strategic investments. Those typically accelerate throughout the balance of the year. I m not going to give you any more specific guidance and we feel really good particularly how we started the year that we will stay below the annual guidance of below 34%. So I think that is – that’s definitely a good number. We are really pleased with how we started the year, but I am not going to give any more specifics than what we said back in January.
Brian Doubles: Yes. The only thing, I know you guys get this, but the costs of these value propositions run to the RSA, so the partner is sharing in the costs with us to drive growth in the program. And then the other thing that we don’t talk a lot about, but we also set aside marketing and loyalty dollars in the programs and we jointly agreed with the partner on how to spend those dollars. So we can always reallocate from the marketing funds and maybe we will choose to do less one off promotions and shift some dollars into an everyday value prop. I think this is a really good example where we leverage our data analytics capabilities and we look at spending trends and customer insights to really determine the best way to use those marketing dollars to drive growth.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure Betsy. So we obviously continue to have really strong deposit growth. We are up $10 billion year-over-year or 29%. It’s been fairly consistent over the past few quarters. I think the only new dynamic is that we did see an influent deposits this quarter when the Fed raised rates. We didn’t move our rates, but I think the announcement of a rate hike prompted people to go check what they were earning in traditional savings account. And they decided to move some money around. So we did see a benefit from that in the quarter. In terms of the target range, we are at 69% of our total funding. We gave you a range of between 60% to 70%. So we are at the high end right now. In my earlier comments, I indicated that we are going to continue to grow deposits. We will probably grow deposits faster than we are growing our receivables, at least based on the market conditions that we see right now. So I would expect that deposit percentage to trend a little above 70% in the next few quarters. And then we are always looking at whether or not we should revisit that target and maybe take it up a little bit, but I think we are going to see how the rest of the year plays out before we do anything there.
Brian Doubles: Well, I think – if you think about the loan growth we are driving, it’s been pretty consistent. If you just look at the straight receivable yield, it’s pretty flat year-over-year, that was down 21 basis points. And that – again that’s primarily driven by higher payment rates that we are seeing across the portfolio and then more growth in Payment Solutions. So I wouldn’t attribute really any of it to the competitive environment. If you look at loyalty cost and you really have to look at loyalty costs in conjunction with the RSA and some of the marketing spend. We are going to continue to launch attractive value proposition to drive growth. I wouldn’t think about it direct tie-in with deposits. We are kind of – we look at them separately. We are trying to fund the balance sheet in a very cost effective way and deposits are very cost effective for us. We are going to continue to drive deposits. And then we are making different decisions when we look at the retail programs and how to drive growth. So, our yields should continue to be pretty stable, but for the two dynamics that I mentioned earlier, really strong growth in Payment Solutions and slightly higher payment rates.
Brian Doubles: Yes. If you remember back in January, we tried to be pretty clear that we didn’t expect the favorability we saw kind of in the first half of 2015 to continue when we gave you how to think about the provision. And if you look at – so, if you look at the net charge-offs in the quarter, I just go back in the first quarter of 2014, net charge-offs were 4.86%. In the first quarter of 2015, they were 4.53% and we are at 4.7% this quarter, so smacked out in the middle of that range that we gave you back in January. So, I think that was pretty good guidance and we came in right in line with our expectations and that’s why we gave you a range for the year. We said credit will be stable, but it will be stable to like a 2-year range in that 4.3% to 4.5% kind of level. And reserves will grow in line with receivables and that’s absolutely what we saw this quarter and you are seeing very stable reserve coverage metrics.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So, if you adjust for day count, purchase volume will move from 17% to 15% growth. Year-over-year, platform revenue will move from 13% to 12%. So, that’s the impact I think even adjusting for day count, we had really strong growth in the quarter. The purchase volume per average active was up, so consumer spending more average balance per active account was up as well. So, we are still seeing good revolve on the accounts. Overall, very positive trends. I think the thing to think about as you try and figure out the back half of the year starting in the second quarter, the comps will get a little bit tougher for us. We have got the BP portfolio, Guitar Center we also had the Amazon 5% value prop. So, you got to factor those in as you think about the second half of the year, but we are really pleased with how we started. We didn’t get a ton of help from retail sales. They were pretty much more the same, more of what we have been seeing. So, we are definitely taking share. We are definitely outperforming. If you look at the total credit card balances over the past 5 years, it’s about $900 billion of balances and they have been growing it about 3%. Our growth over that same time period is 9%. And so there is no question that we are taking share in the market.
Brian Doubles: No, I think that’s the one. And again it’s a relatively modest deal. So, we will have probably a tougher comp from BP and Guitar Center. Citgo won’t totally offset that. So, the comp will get tougher, but the core organic growth is really strong and we obviously hope to have some more program wins in the back half of the year and we will announce those when we get them done.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Well, if you go back to what we said in January, we pretty much indicated that we thought the coverage metrics would be stable. So, if you go back and compare against the prior year, we are seeing that stability. So, even though we saw 9 basis points of improvement or I guess the lowering of the reserve coverage from the first quarter ‘15 to the first quarter ‘16, from our perspective that’s like dead stable. That’s very consistent. And so I think you are going to start to see that normalization as you go and compare the prior quarter from the prior year. So, I think you are seeing it now. I would tell you to look at both the reserve coverage as a percent of the receivables as well as look at the reserves as a percent of or against last 12 months in net charge-offs. And if you triangulate those two, we think they will be pretty stable for the balance of the year.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I mean the underwriting profile is very consistent with where it’s been and the average FICO by account is 711, exactly flat to last year. 78% of the new accounts since 2010 our prime credits above 660 FICO. And that’s flat to last year as well. So the overall credit profile continues to be very stable.
Brian Doubles: Yes. When we – obviously, when we launched that new value proposition, we did a lot of modeling initially because we knew that through the door population and people applying for the accounts was going to change. And so that’s part of the reason why, if you remember, when we launched it, we launched it with a soft launch because we wanted to monitor the mix of consumers and we wanted to make sure that we were sizing lines appropriately, that it was a good experience for the prime customer that we are generating increment sales for Amazon. And so we have a lot of things that we are measuring. But one of the big ones for the credit program was revolver versus transactors. And we have monitored. It’s coming in pretty close to what we forecast. So far, very much in line with our expectations. And obviously, the point you made is a good one which is part of why you see loyalty expense growing a little bit faster than interchange because that’s the program where we do have a very attractive value proposition, but we don’t charge interchange to Amazon. So there is an offset in the RSA. It’s all part of that restructuring of that agreement and part of the extension that we do at Amazon when we launch the new value proposition.
Brian Doubles: It’s not really a new phenomenon. You have to remember, we did low as 5% off a few years back. I think you are seeing more of this now, but it’s a mix as well. It’s maybe doing a little bit less one-off promotions, doing more on an everyday value prop. Again, this is where we are using our data analytics to really determine what is the best value proposition to get the consumer to come and to spend more. And so we are always looking at optimizing that mix between the one-off promotion and the everyday value prop.
Brian Doubles: Mark, we are in full rollout now. That really happened over holiday. The marketing around it is targeted marketing and Amazon controls a lot of that. But the program is performing very well in line with our expectations and we are pleased with the marketing and the advertising around it.
Brian Doubles: We continue to see good volumes on the Amazon program. Obviously, can’t get real specific around it, but we are really excited when we launched it and it’s performing in line with our expectations.
Brian Doubles: Well, it’s hard for us to get specific around an individual program. Mark, you can take a look at what Walmart sales are in the U.S. and you can calculate your own percentage, but its Walmart continues to be a significant growth opportunity for us.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. Obviously, we had a very strong quarter. We are really pleased with the overall growth. The only thing I would point out is the back half the comps get tougher. If the trends continue, we can be a little bit better. We re really pleased, when we look across the portfolio, all three platforms growing really well, all the underlying dynamics in line or better than what we expected. So we are really pleased with how we started the year. We are not going to update guidance. And I would just remind you that the comps get a little bit tougher. But as you pointed out, the start of the year has been really strong.
