Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. Very few consumer financing providers in the market today have Synchrony's unique combination of broad customer base and wide range of partners and providers, diverse product suite and deep distribution channels, innovative technology capabilities and robust funding capital and liquidity. Synchrony's core strengths enable us to consistently and efficiently connect our customers and our partners and provide continuity through high-quality outcomes including the right financing product at the right time with attractive value propositions and a best-in-class experience for our customers, incremental customers with stronger lifetime value for our partners, and sustainable growth and consistently strong risk-adjusted returns for our stakeholders. And with that, I'll turn the call back to Kathryn to open the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I think, Ryan, just expand on that a little bit. We've been pleasantly surprised all year by the strength of the consumer. We're running at below half of our target loss rate in the business. So to Brian's point, we've got a lot of room to move, and we'll have plenty of time to move if we need to, if we start to forecast a worsening macroeconomic scenario as we head into '23. But the consumer from all aspects, whether you look at spend, whether you look at credit, at this point in time, is still really strong. I think they've got the excess savings. I think 2/3 of customers either saved a portion or all of the stimulus. So that's going to take a few quarters to burn through, and we'll -- we're looking at this every day. And if we think -- as we move into '23, I think we feel really good about how we're positioned for the balance of this year. But as we move into '23, if we need to make some modifications to kind of keep us within our target loss rate, we'll absolutely do that.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Moshe. I think this is one of the most exciting things that we're working on, frankly, is this multiproduct suite and these offerings for our partners. And one of the things that's changed really over the last -- I would say, over the last six months is partners, in our discussions with them, they realize that there's an opportunity for them to rationalize and be a little more thoughtful about their point of sale and the products that they offer to their customers. And this is where we think we actually have a big advantage in that. We've got a very robust product suite, whether it's a paying for a longer-term installment, private label, co-branded dual card. We think of it almost like a menu where we can go into a partner and say, "Look, this is what we have. These are the products that we think fit your customer based on their purchases and their spend patterns." And they're pretty excited about that. And I think that the benefit also for us is we can do that in a way where we're earning a very attractive return. And at the same point, we should be able to reduce costs for our partners. And so I would just tell you, there's a lot of engagement, both big partners as well as small to midsized partners. And the other big part of this that we don't spend enough time talking about is just the integration model. And I think this is a big differentiator for us as well. So as you know, we have big partners. We have small partners and providers in health and wellness. And they have, I would say, different needs in terms of how we integrate with them. So we'll have a big partner that is very interested in a robust, full API technology stack integration so it's seamless within their app, Venmo is a good example of that, all the way down to the small dentists, who needs something very simple where the customer can just apply while they're sitting in the waiting room. And we can offer that spectrum of integration solutions. That's a really big deal because the one thing that we've seen, which is really important right now is the technology resources that sit inside of our partners, whether big or small, they don't have the bandwidth, frankly, and we need to make it super easy for them to integrate our products, our solutions, give them access to those financing options. Clover is another great example. That's -- we just announced we're opening up SetPay pay in 4 inside of our app, which sits on the Clover platform. That's a really big deal because that allows us to build something once and distribute it to thousands of partners all at the same time. So, as you think about our strategy to take a step back, you really have to think about it as having a very comprehensive product suite to meet the needs of very different and diverse partners. But then also, what are your integration strategies, and how do you make that seamless and easy for the partner base. So again, one of the most exciting things that we're working on across the business right now.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Look, I'll start and ask Brian to comment. Look, I think the portfolio has never been in better shape than it is right now, no matter how you look at it. You look at the delinquencies, the loss rate at roughly half of what we would target in this kind of environment, coupled with the fact that we've seen this really strong migration, which has been intentional over time to skew more prime and less subprime. And I think we're not contemplating anything as we move into the back half of this year into '23 that would change that profile. We feel, again, really good about the operating environment right now. if you remember, going back, when losses started to reach these all-time lows, we didn't take the opportunity to open up on underwriting. If anything, what we did was we kind of dialed back some of the cuts that we made or modifications that we made in the beginning of the pandemic, but we stayed very disciplined. And there were clearly opportunities where we could have went deeper where we could have put our foot on the gas. But we knew that we were in this window where the consumer was really strong here benefiting from the stimulus, but we didn't take that opportunity to go a lot deeper. In fact, we maintained our discipline. And that's how we're going to continue to run the business through the back half of the year and into '23. And so, I wouldn't envision a big shift in that prime, near prime mix. I don't know, Brian, if you'd add anything.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So Sanjay, I would say the majority right now is with existing partners. That's where we've been having discussions over the past nine months, give or take, and integrating and launching. What I would tell you though is Clover is really an opportunity for us to reach a broader distribution of partners that don't do business with us today and make it really easy and seamless for them just to download our app and then pick from our various financing options. So that's really the exciting part as we think about going forward is that one to many integration opportunity, which is frankly different than how we've managed the business in the past. So I think that's an exciting part of our strategy going forward. And then I would say just on valuations generally, I think that does potentially create some opportunities for us. We run a very active M&A pipeline. One of the things we were a little disappointed is as we went through the pandemic, we thought valuations would check up a little bit. They did not, but we're starting to see some of that now. And that could create some opportunities for us, whether it's capabilities that would be easier to buy than build, some things like that. But I would tell you, we are very disciplined around M&A. We only look to do things that are not only strategic but also EPS accretive. And so we've got a pretty disciplined process around that. So I think there may be some more opportunities here just on the margin. But we'll maintain that discipline.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. I'll try to unpack that question in pieces. So the first is, when we look at our reserve modeling and how we think about the back half, we use 10. We're probably at 13 now. As we said in the past, we are generally interest rate insensitive. We're $1.4 billion liability sensitive now. So the fact that the rates kind of come through does not have a big impact on our business and really shouldn't reflect or shouldn't really impact our net interest margin in the back half of the year, number one. As you think about deposit betas, this has been an interesting topic. And I think people are looking back really to the last cycle quite a bit with regard to the betas. And I think the important part is to understand for us as our issuer specific book, we do have a bigger shift between savings and CDs. The duration is down a little bit from what used to be 11 months to five. But we're 57%, 60% savings now. When you look at the rate starts -- where the rates were at the start of the cycle, they are much higher than what they were at the start of this cycle. So beta is a little bit higher. It's competitive. We're going to continue to move with the market, but we have a lot of growth to fund in the back half of the year. So the deposit betas will be slightly higher than the past cycle, but clearly manageable. I think as we think in margin in the back half of this year, the real key is going to be how much liquidity we have in our average earning -- interest-earning assets. So we expect that whatever the interest-bearing liability cost increase will be largely offset with higher interest of fee income. So that will be almost, I'll call it neutral, so to speak, in the back half. And then you're just going to feel the effects as we move into the third quarter to prefund growth for the fourth quarter that will cause what I would call a normal seasonal decline in margin as we move forward.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Let me take that, Ryan. So I think -- if you were to think about where we are from a delinquency standpoint, our reserve just on a modeled basis, right, a pure model would probably be lower than day one today. So I know a lot of folks are sitting around saying, well, you're approaching day one. Given the credit performance, you would argue that probably would have been lower than day one if we're back in that period of time. I think, as we move forward, we're going to see the relationship that you normally see between unemployment and charge-offs will hold for a little bit. But I think given where it is, how low it is, given the high amount of savings, similar to what we saw both back in '20 and back in the GFC, you'll probably break correlation between unemployment and net charge-off rate. So I think it's important to watch that, but it's cost going to be poor in the actions we take. I think as people think about the path to normalization, I think some people are underestimating we're at such a low rate now. We have the ability to take actions to control the charge-off to the extent the macroeconomic environment deteriorates quickly. That's very different than if we were at our mean net charge-off rate. So we would anticipate reserves as we move forward to mainly be growth driven, and we hopefully will be able to manage if the macroeconomic deteriorates inside of what we think that mean loss rate is.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Moshe. So, I think when we think about the consumer today, you're right, the ones that received forbearance was ones we tracked very early on in the year. We continue to watch very closely the population of people who are still on student loan forbearance. So, we’re tracking that population of people as they move through. From a performance standpoint, we look at a couple of different things. We obviously look at how a spending behavior pattern changes. We drill in from a credit standpoint. We drill into payment behavior pattern increases and watch who is paying statement pay, who's paying the minimum pay, who's paying between those two and see if we see any dramatic shifts that are occurring inside those populations. And we look at that relative to credit grade. And again, we have not seen any real signs of a broad-based deterioration. Certain cohorts have migrated back to 2019-ish pandemic levels, but we have not seen broad-based deterioration. That goes into the low unemployment. That goes into hourly wages. That goes into increased savings. So, there's a lot of things that are still in there. So, we're watching a lot with regard to spending and behavioral patterns that are in there. And again, population of people is really -- I think the student loans are the ones that are the greatest interest to us right now.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The two things I'd probably add is, one, origination of new accounts today under-indexes into non-prime. So, I think from that standpoint, to echo Brian's comments, we're not line in their lines continue to be lower in the non-prime segment than pre-pandemic levels. I do think over the course of time, you will see the non-prime migrate up a little bit as you continue to see the unwind of score migration that happened during the pandemic. And as balances return back to more normalized level, but that's not really underwriting-driven. That's really a reversal of the trend that you saw during the pandemic.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Betsy, first of all, we do appreciate all questions, even if they are nitty gritty. So what I tip back and say you're going to see monetize. It's not changing perspective with regard -- credit has over performed in the first half of the year, which means the starting point in the back half is a little bit differently, but we don't see a drastically different trajectory from where we are here through the end of the year. Credit will be better for the entire year than when we sat here 90 days ago and most certainly six months ago. But we feel really good about credit as we move through the back half of the year, and we feel good how that sets us up. To be honest with you, in '23, even given the uncertain macroeconomic background.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks for the question, John. So the way we look at the model, obviously, we have the base credit model that looks at the delinquency formation today and how that rolls out to loss over our reasonable supportable period. We have done a number of overlays on there, which are more stressful with regard to how the consumer will evolve and have the macroeconomic situation of use. So I think with those overlays, you get to a point where we have what I would call an elevated reserve relative to day one CECL and where the portfolio sits today absent that. So I think as you think about moving forward in the environment to the extent that an adverse situation, an adverse macroeconomic situation develops, those overlays, in theory, become embedded into the core reserve model, and therefore, you have growth-driven reserve here over the near term.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. You have two different dynamics. You have, obviously, some of the operating favorability that you have coming through, there is mix that comes through here as well as gap coming out of the portfolio that brings you back down that operated at a slightly higher RSA percent, all that brings you down to the lower end of the range.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Yes, it should correlate to it. We also -- back on Page 7 of the deck, we also -- one of the things that I know people are trying to model RSAs in a way that they can be more predictable. I think we showed a metric here, which is RSA relative to purchase volume. Because remember, there is a significant portion of the RSAs that is volume oriented that tends to be a more stable metric. I think you can look at it quarter-over-quarter seasonality and I think will help people as they try to build their models as they go through it. Again, we do believe that we're going to migrate back to that 4% to 4.5% level as net charge-offs normalize and as the revenue, interest of the revenue and yield normalizes as well.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So I'd say this is less a function of competition, more a function of -- we've done some value props over the past 12 to 18 months, and we are seeing increased purchase volume through that as our value propositions have resonated with consumers. So there isn't necessarily a reflection we've done it across a number of different programs, which is driving some of the higher loyalty. Again, some of the loyalty sits on our books. The vast majority sits with our partners, which is why the RSA is what it is because they're paying the value prop cost from their proceeds out of the RSA. I think as you look forward, one of the interesting things you're going to see, and you'll see it really began in the third quarter is there's roughly $35 million of interchange that we will lose as our portfolios we sold this quarter have gone away. And the loyalty costs were 100% borne by those partners. So what you'll see is, in theory, a widening of that gap beginning in the third quarter, as we move out. The offset to that $35 million, call it, 80-plus percent comes out of the RSA. So they move in different directions. But from a P&L standpoint, it's neutral. Again, I think in most programs where we collect interchange, and we pay the value prop, it's the same. Some of the programs you got to remember are are ones where we don't collect interchange that are private label products where we may be paying a loyalty cost. And again, this goes back into -- we had record purchase volume ever for this company during this quarter. We had record purchase volume last year for this company, record purchase volume for the first quarter of this year. So that volume is going to generate higher loyalty costs. So it's less about renewals and other things. It's really about our products resonating with consumers.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So if you walk through the pandemic, right, the early stages, call it the beginning part of the second quarter, we tightened our standards, right? Now, again, we are very different than most credit card issuers. We don't pull back entirely. It's our distribution model. So we don't necessarily do that. We tend to do things that we would call smarter with regard to credit. So instead of giving someone a dual card, we'll give them a private label card. We're a little bit more restrictive on some of the growth-related credit line increases, so we wouldn't do proactive credit line increases. And at the margin, we would tighten up origination. I think as we moved into the second quarter of 2021, when we saw the environment not being as potentially pessimistic as we did a year earlier, we began to unwind some of those actions and some of those refinements. So again, I think if you look at the standards that exist today, they're probably a little bit tighter than I think, 2019 levels, but approaching that. But our line sizes, again, are lower. But the good news is, I think we continue to introduce different data points into our decisions that makes us -- allows us to make smarter decisions both at the time of origination and at the time in which we're doing account management, i.e., authorizations, et cetera, that allows us to have a better profile. I think when we look at the vintages in '20 and '21, they still are outperforming that of 2018 and 2019. The 2021 vintage, a little bit worse than 2020 because, again, we had probably a looser refinement strategy in '21 but both are significantly better than pre-pandemic levels, and I think sets us up, and that's one of the keys. It sets us up for what we're going to see in '23. So we're very, as we sit here today, optimistic about the credit profile of the Company.
Brian Wenzel: What I'd say is '21 is probably in the middle between '20 and '19 and '20 is significantly lower. It's probably how I frame it, Brian. We don't break out actual performance of Device themselves with regard to coincident delinquency or loss rate. But as a frame we referenced '21 in the middle, but significantly below '19.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Kevin. So when you look at our baseline model, we start with the Moody's baseline, which is generally going to be a flat, what I would call unemployment environment and a GDP that's generally flat to decelerating over the next couple of years. I think when we start to look at the allowance and look at the overlays that get put in there, right. We're looking at forecasts that have the COI accelerating. So we think about it in two different ways. The first is, probably the easiest way to think about it is late stage performance. So we think about it as you have a deteriorating employment environment, that stresses your late-stage delinquencies, which will flow through the model rather quickly. That's really where we look at it. we look at it in that context of being the roll rates that exist in that overlay as being more dramatic than what we saw pre-pandemic level. So it's a faster roll to loss. The other overlay that we put on it is really related to what we say is related -- coming out of the Russia-Ukraine war that we see out there. And what that does is we have early stage deteriorating more quickly, an upswing in bankruptcies, which are probably at historic lows, and that flows through the model with not as much deterioration in the back end or a severe deterioration in the back end. So you have a much bigger piece flowing through the model. So those are the ways in which we've kind of done the overlays. Let's try to correlate it because, again, I think, Kevin, the one thing that's demonstrated a couple of periods of time here is that you have seen a dislocation between what had been very correlated metrics unemployment to loss. Traditionally, you'll see a correlation between gas prices an entry rate in what I would call early stage performance. We're not seeing that today, so your broken correlation. And that's really because of the effects of the stimulus and the forbearance that come through. So we have taken it really in two different ways and two different scenarios to create different overlays, which is: one, a severe back-end deterioration; and two, a more front-end deterioration that flows through with what I would call a sharper increase in non-age losses.
Brian Wenzel: A couple of things, Kevin. One, we're operating at over 400 basis points above our CET1. So start there, we're in a very different position than probably all of our peers and those in the banking industry. So start with that premise number one. Two, under most scenarios, we have a strong business that generates a lot of capital. And even under stress scenario, we didn't lose money during the pandemic in any quarter. So we continued to generate capital during that period. Three, we just got done with our preliminary run of our second quarter stress test, our normal stress test, and then we run the Moody's S6 and S7 stress tests, and we remain in a very solid position. So as we look at the environment -- as we look at the environment, as we sit here today, look at those stress, look at our position we don't believe there's a reason today to curtail our current share repurchase plans. That being said, we continually look at the macroeconomic environment, and we continue to look at our ability to generate capital through earnings. And if we need to make an adjustment similar to March of '20, we will. But again, as we sit here today, given the stress that we run, the severe stress that we run, we feel comfortable with our current capital plan is in place.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So what I'd say -- what I'd say, Mark, is we're seeing positive what I would call transaction values and frequency, and consistency of frequency across all credit grades. I think the strongest credit we see is actually in the prime, so not super prime and not non-prime, but we are seeing continued strength in the non-prime. So there's nothing discernible, as I look across the credit grade either on a transaction value basis or a frequency basis, nor do we see it across any of the sales platforms. It's remarkably consistent the performance and the growth across all the platforms by credit grade. So again, I think when we look at the data, and I look at the data by category, what we're seeing is that the consumer is not changing spending dollar-wise and their behaviors. They're just making different decisions inside their everyday spend. And it's not even just moving from discretionary, non-discretionary. They're just being more discriminate with regard to how they're spending their money. And it really goes to the power of the diversification that we have inside our sales platforms and in our -- in our sales platforms and inside of our sales platforms.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Again, we've anticipated that you're going to see a moderation in the payment rate as we move back. We have seen a little bit of a shift in the payment behavior patterns between statement pays and men pays in between. So we've seen some of that moderation we've seen some cohorts go back to 2019 levels. We expect it to begin to migrate back. The migration, I'll be honest with you, from our expectations back in January has been a little bit slower than we anticipated, which just goes back to the overall strength of the consumer. But we do expect it to slow just probably a little bit slower based than I anticipated at the beginning part of the year, which, again, is positive from a credit standpoint. And again, the strength in our purchase volume is helping us to get to that 10-plus percent loan receivable growth by the end of the year.
