Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcast are located on our website. On the call this morning are Margaret Keane, Brian Wenzel, and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible. I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, everyone for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up and then we'll open the call to Q&A. We continue to believe that the strength in our business model and the resiliency of our associates will help us navigate this global health crisis. We are focused on continuing to execute for our retailers, merchants, and providers and support our cardholders with empathy during this difficult period. We are focused on execution today, but also focused on continuing to make strategic investments in our business, to build on our strengths to deliver the products and services, our customers will expect beyond this period. Thank you for participating on the call today. And I want to wish you and your families all the very best as we continue to deal with this very typical situation. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yes, so I'd say right out of the gate, probably the biggest thing was really stabilization of the operation. Obviously, one of the things we worked hard to do, which was pretty miraculous actually was to get our employees all work from home including our call center. So we're pretty close to 100% work at home right now. So from a servicing level, we're meeting and making sure we're exceeding the service levels for our customers. And I think that was really important. We kind of have a mixed bag here because we have retailers who are opening and servicing customers, we have very big online partners who are servicing their customers. And then we have retailers who have actually closed. So I would say all our teams are highly focused on both our retail partners and our providers having the relationship managers connecting with them. Obviously they're -- they want to make sure that we're reacting in the right way for their end consumer and doing the right things both from a forbearance perspective, but also from a credit perspective. And we're in daily dialogues with them. I would say, we feel pretty good about where we are we got a pretty nice note from one of our partners who was really thrilled to see how we've been able to service our customers through this. So highly engaged, we're not sitting back. We're having those conversations and making sure that we have clear dialogue all along the way.
Margaret Keane: Yes, believe it or not, there are deals in the pipeline. And we are having conversations and we are sitting on deals, I would say things, conversations, maybe have slowed a little bit, just as people have been trying to deal with all the challenges facing but we feel pretty good about the pipeline that's there. We've been able to be -- I think and going to be very discriminatory on the things we do look at to make sure they fit where we want to go with the business. But I would say in all three platforms, we've had good activity and I think continue to have that good activity. We'll have to see as the rest of the year progresses. But right now, we do have a decent pipeline.
Margaret Keane: Yes, I'd say two things. One, even before the pandemic, we were starting to get a little bit of opportunities out there that were starting to perk our interests. We've kept those warm. I think right now you got to really wait to see how valuations play out. So we're not going to jump into anything too quickly. But there are things that are out there, but that are certainly of interest to us. On the second piece, I think the other thing that we've done is we have actually, we looked our strategic initiatives for 2020 and have realigned our teams a little bit to focus and accelerate some of the digital things that we were working on or planning to do. We've stopped some things that we think we can hold off till 2021. And took those agile teams and are putting them against more digital capability for the company. And I think that's going to help us as we come out of -- or go through this and we give our partners and the end consumers more digital capability. Obviously, we're certainly winning on the digital side in terms of our online penetration and our volume coming through there. So we know this is a really critical thing. So even not only the opportunities externally, but I think we have and have already started the teams and kicked it off and driving it forward. I don't know Brian Doubles, if you would add anything there.
Margaret Keane: Yes, we've been monitoring that but I would say most on the Retail Card side, while they may be actually closed, they all have some digital presence. So that's a little bit of what we're seeing, it gets a little more complicated on the Payment Solutions side, where we have over close to 200,000 merchants to really know which one of them are actually closed slowly or doing some online. Obviously, there are certain things that I think or some of our partners don't have online capability. And then obviously in CareCredit, really what we're seeing there is two things, emergency dental is still happening. Emergency that's still happening. Believe it or not, we've seen a little spike for all of you who have young kids out there we've seen a little spike in orthopedics. So people are hurting themselves in their home and on their bikes and things like that. So it's a little hard to give you a number. I would say what we're trying to do is wherever there is a digital capability; we're very focused with those partners to make sure we're delivering. But and it also varies by region as you know, we have some states that are still open where the stores are open. So little hard to give you a percentage or a number because it's such a mix.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So let me answer the first one. So, clearly we were really excited when we won both Verizon and Venmo. And those are two I think very strategic programs for us as we continue to really build out our digital capabilities. So those agile teams that have been focused on the launch of those two programs have full speed ahead. And we haven't reduced any focus, if anything; we're even maybe accelerating some things there. So we're really excited about being able to launch them, obviously, the launches will be dependent upon the environment, we believe mid-year for Verizon and the second half for Venmo. So excited about those and the teams are really working hard. In terms of the other investments. It's a little bit of what Brian Doubles said, we actually took a step back -- let me step back even one step further, what we did as a leadership team, I mean despite all the negative things that are happening around pandemic, there's also opportunities right? And so what we really tried to do is step back and say, how do we take part of our leadership team to focus on the operation and get the operation stabilized. We have another group that are working on what do we look like coming out of this? And how quick do we come out? And what are the initiatives we have to have in place to come out? And then, three, what are the long-term opportunities and implications for the company. And so we've kind of organized ourselves that way. And we have seven work streams that Brian is leading to really kind of set us up for the future. So Brian, I don't know if you want to comment a little more on our flexibility in some of the things we've been doing.
Margaret Keane: No, we will definitely have to realign our cost base. I think we just, we’re trying to see what this -- we want to get a little more feeling for how this comes out. But one thing that we and we just, we did that with the departure of Walmart, we know how to adjust the cost base, we've froze jobs, so we're not hiring anybody right now. We've done all those kinds of actions already out of the gate. Obviously, we're saving on some of the things like travel and things like that. But if we have to reset the cost base of the business as we come out of this because we're smaller, we will do that. And we have our eye on that ball. That's a little bit of some of the work streams Brian even has on his list. So --
Brian Wenzel: Yes, thanks, John. Good morning. From the back half of March, which was down again about 26% it accelerated slightly. So we're running in the range of down 30% to 35% pretty consistently for the first part of April. Again, when you think about the world spend categories we highlighted in the earnings chart, they're very similar with regard to being down in travel, gas and entertainment and a little stronger in grocery, drugstore, et cetera. But again, that's just on the Dual card, but the strength of the digital assets, we do have some retailers that are deemed essential that are open and clearly the digital and e-commerce is continue to drive it. So it's pretty steady in that, that low 30% decline year-over-year.
Brian Wenzel: Sure John. So let me kind of go through how we think about or how we thought about this quarter in building the ACL reserve. As you know the economic assumptions vary pretty widely across many of the institutions that provide -- that -- we don't come up with our own assumptions, we use external assumptions. So given the variation that we saw across many, many institutions, we modeled several different scenarios and looked at several different scenarios in how they would perform relative to our book and then we settled in on a set of assumptions from one -- one place that really looked at a unemployment rate approaching 10% for the second quarter as kind of the peak and then a second half recovery where unemployment was down to around 7%. And then a very kind of more gradual decline in 2021 and gets back to probably about a 4.5% unemployment as you think about it in 2022. With that, bankruptcy is rising about 50% and staying elevated for the next couple of years, was also very key assumption in that. And then a significant contraction in GDP for the second quarter again with the second half recovery but obviously being down for the full-year. So that's kind of how we thought about it. Now, when you take that and go back to the great financial crisis, very, very different set of scenarios where you had a consumer that was stressed, you had unemployment lag, you do not have the timing and the amount of the stimulus coming through to the consumer. So it's pretty -- it's a pretty different scenario to try to compare back to it. And then if you really go back and look at the portfolio, John, the portfolio is fundamentally different. Obviously, Walmart's gone, the amount of assets that we have above 660 shifted significantly. The amount we've invested in our advanced underwriting the tools and technology is very, very different. So, we feel comfortable. As we kind of sit here today that the portfolio is in very good credit quality up until mid-March, we actually saw credit quality improving or continuing to improve year-over-year which was positive to us. So the consumer came in a great stead. We have this kind of economic situation really coming out of the pandemic, and then we have a ton of stimulus loan through, so, very, very different from our perspective.
Brian Wenzel: Sure, good morning, Moshe. So let me break down the forbearance that we're providing to our customers. So the first thing that we're doing is if a customer calls in and has been impacted, if they're asking for a waiver of a late fee or interest charges, we are waiving those. For qualifying counts, we also will waive the min payment. So if actually defer the min payment on the account for up to three months and kind of hold them in their due stage if you're current, bring that back if you're too due to current. So really give them the opportunity to kind of get their situation a little bit more in a word. We're also in the promotional book are extending for periods up to 90 days, the deferral of the expiration of the promo. So those are the primary forms of relief that we're providing to those people. So if you look at how many people have taken advantage of that for us, it's about 800,000 accounts to-date, and about $1.6 billion in balances. So if you think about it, a small percentage yet has taken advantage of the program. And we have not seen tremendous amount of people needing that that min pay deferral at this point. But again, we'll continue to offer that to help our cardholders through this time.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, thank you, Don. So if you think about it, really under the CECL methodology and ACL, we obviously use a set of assumptions at the point in time, which we make the estimate for the reserve. As we stepped into April again, there's a pretty wide disparity among people with regard to peak unemployment that will happen in the second quarter. But again, a lot of it, one of the most important parts is what is the recovery period look like? And from that peak, as you move down how quickly does it move down and how does it move down? So, most certainly the development of the retail landscape, the development of how the consumer in the stimulus bridges people through this period of time is going to be critical. If you kind of follow through and say yes, there is a deterioration in the assumptions on the unemployment peak in that recovery period and the effects of the stimulus then that there would be higher reserve posts coming in the second quarter, but we're only 20 days into the quarter at this point, Don. So I really can't give you with clarity, the exact reserve posts, we would see. We need to see how those assumptions really develop here in the second quarter as we move through and again that recovery period and the effects of the stimulus are really important attributes.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, good morning, Ryan, and thank you for your wishes. So as we think about it today, obviously the forbearance which isn't, hasn't been that much for us could delay potential net charge-offs. Again, I think the stimulus package will help bridge some consumers here for a period of time. We would begin to expect that you would see charge-offs really begin to elevate in the latter part of the third quarter, probably the fourth quarter and into 2021. Again, the magnitude of that we think we've covered in our ACL reserve here at the end of the first quarter, but the timing that is really going to depend again on this peak and how the recovery begins to come out as we develop here in the second quarter to be honest with you.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, what I would add, Ryan, to that, as we think about these relations, Margaret really, really highlighted when you target them, when we go to think about the economics with them. Clearly, we will always price through a deterioration economic plan, whenever you think about a seven year deal or a 10-year deal, we, as an enterprise, think about through the cycle. Clearly as we would look at this scenario, the cycle is at the beginning of that potential relationship and the depth of it. So we are probably a little bit more conservative and really will do that deal only if it meets a -- what we view as a risk adjusted return that we think is conservative at this point.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, thank you, and good morning. So, as you think about it, world's kind of changed from January a little bit. First, I just want to make sure that that we have a perspective on the reserve provision for the quarter and the difference between CECL and ALLL. If you think about the total reserve build for the quarter being $551 million, $515 million, I’m sorry $511 million of that is really related to COVID-19 and $40 million. So less than our expectations as we entered the quarter kind of came from the core book, which really reflected the higher credit quality that we experienced in the vast majority of the quarter. As you think about it, the whole $551 million is CECL. So we highlighted if we did ALLL, the $451 million, if we did CECL it's $551 million. But as you think about the $551 million that ultimately is what's going to pass-through to the extent that is subject to the RSA will pass-through to the RSA. So we would expect, what I would say a sequential dollar -- lowering dollars of the RSA as we step through the year and it obviously as a percent of ALR. So you will see that that in the second quarter and then really more into the second half of the year.
Brian Wenzel: No, Betsy, it's -- as we implemented CECL and through the RSAs again, we did not change the economic. Sharing is just really the mechanics of how it passed from us through the RSA. And that just had a slight lag to it. So, there is no difference. If you think about through the RSA in 2020, whether it's CECL or ALLL the reserve itself just comes on a slight lag. So you'll begin to feel that more in the second half. And it's more than just the mechanics of how it works through the program agreements with our retail partners, then their revenue recognition or some other type of change to the economics, just was more mechanics on it -- on how it works in the program agreement. But again, we expect the sequential benefit as we move throughout the year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, great. Thanks for the question. So we have used our assets or digital assets, social media channels, et cetera to get out to our cardholders the benefits that are available for them if they've been impacted by COVID-19. So we have this outreach program. Well, certainly we are still taking a large number of calls to our call center. So we are talking to the consumers about we not they needed, part of it when you think about the dollar is different than some of our other peers. Our average balance is much smaller than theirs given the percentage of private label. But again even our retail Duel cards are more low and growth strategy. So again 2% of the balances we think it's pretty reasonable. But everyone has been through a billing cycle. And again, I think part of it is as they go through this, we put this plan in place in I think on March 11. We will begin to see the effects, I mean, obviously, certain people have had continued to work for a period of time or maybe on a furlough plan, but they may be just starting to realize that they need assistance and we will continue to provide that assistance as we move forward, so that number will grow. But again, we're using our assets to make sure that customers who do need forbearance, we're helping them.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, thanks for the question, Vince. And so the way we think about the funding side of the stack clearly, in the economic environment that we're in, our view is using the unsecured or secured market is not as cost effective. So deposits for us, which are 79% of the debts back at the end of the first quarter, we'll continue to grow that probably as a percent of the overall funding stack. So look to lean a little bit more there. For us, it's going to be, we have a couple of primary competitors in that market. And we look to stay competitive there. So this way, we don't have to invest as much in marketing and things like that. So on a rate basis, we actually have moved down this year with regard to high yield savings, we're down 30 basis points on the high yield savings; we were also down at least 30 on our certificate deposit movements on top of what we already moved down in 2019. So we'll continue to evaluate that market, but that would be one of our primary sources relative to that. So our view is hopefully we'll be able to trend that down or continue to trend that down throughout 2020.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, clearly, what I tell you, Vincent, is RSAs will move and provide that countercyclical buffer. So as charge-offs do come through, you will see a reduction in the RSA percentages. The exact correlation of the percent to the charge-off rate again, as I indicated, earlier on this call, the fact that we don't have Walmart, the fact that you have a very different economic scenario between the great financial crisis. And now I don't want to draw the direct correlation, but you will see the similar shape to that curve when the benefit as it comes through.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, the first thing, first thank you for your question. I think we have to be a little bit careful here on data points, right. We gave you a snapshot to try to be transparent about what happened between March 15 and March 31 on purchase volume being down 26% and then for the first couple of weeks of April being down around 30% to 35%. What's really unclear is when the mandates left, right, and retail comes back online, what that retail landscape will look like and the shape of that curve. So I'm not necessarily sure if I were you, I would be thinking about, we're going to have a 30% decline in retail purchase volume or purchase volume for the company for the remainder of the year. So that's, that's number one. Number two, you also have to remember in this period of time, when you're going through economic environment that we are, you are going to see the payment rates decline. So you'll see an upward bias in theory on the asset rate, so you have those two things moving against each other. It will then really look to what for us from a reserving perspective will be as we think about the portfolio at that point in time. What is the economic assumption? So I'm not necessarily sure I'd say okay, your portfolio is going to decline and therefore you'll be at zero. There are several factors that are moving in different directions, inside of that. Again, if you see the deterioration in the macroeconomic assumptions that we've used for March, you do see retail come back online, then I do believe you're going to see provisions for credit losses as we move forward.
Brian Wenzel: Sanjay, this is Brian. So let me just kind of put a bow on where you had started, right. So your first question on Verizon and Venmo, the timing really hasn't shifted that much when you think about the cost associated with those two. And I know we highlighted to be $0.20 a share for the year. The marketing research costs, the launch costs, the development costs to develop all the in-app capabilities for let's say, Venmo, that also has to occur, right, the shifting of the programs and the reserves which was a component of that cost isn't that significant now. As Margaret said, we'll see how the current environment and whether or not there is a more material shift in that and we will obviously provide transparency as we get to our call in July. So with regard to -- we have started, there isn't really a change from, I think the guidance that we provided earlier in the year. Second, just to highlight what Margaret said obviously the development of the retail landscape, the development of the consumer, once we have more transparency to that, obviously, we'll look to maintain the same type of efficiency. And we'll work through that as obviously there are large portions that are variable. But obviously, we may take action on the fixed costs part of the business in order to rightsize it, so that's how I would think about it.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, sure. So with a capital position, capital is something that we've come out from our separation from GE as a strength. We came out with a higher capital ratio, CET-1 capital ratio, then we probably needed but we need to demonstrate our ability to stand up as a separate public company and withstand events like this. So our ultimate goal was really to migrate our capital ratios down to that of our peers, that has not changed through this. We feel as we start into this economic period that we have a significant amount of capital to weather the storm. Obviously, the CECL transition helps as well. But we'll continue to migrate that that capital down to peer levels over time. With regard to your second question around the dividend. Obviously, the dividend is important to us as we think about the business and really the PP&R resiliency of the business. We believe that we can continue to generate capital as we think about our priorities for the use of capital is really the growth of our existing programs, number one. The second really is the dividend. And as we sit here today, we believe we're going to continue to pay that dividend based upon the current environment and based upon our forecasts that we have the financial strength, the capital liquidity to continue to do that. And that's a high priority for us and then as you move through obviously, then it would be share repurchases and then down the road, whether it's portfolio acquisitions or M&A. But from a dividend perspective again given the current environment and our assessment, we're committed to pay that dividend.
