Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today’s press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings which are available on our website. During the call, we’ll refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today’s call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. On the call this morning are Margaret Keane, Brian Wenzel and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I’d like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have, and we hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up, and then we'll open the call for Q&A. Clearly, the coronavirus pandemic has meaningfully impacted our business in several ways, including key areas such as purchase volume and loan receivables. As we have said, the ultimate impact from this crisis remains difficult to quantify right now. So what I can tell you is that our ability to rapidly adapt to the evolving environment positions us well. We are confident in the fundamental resilience of our company and our ability to manage through this cycle, just as we have managed through other cycles for nearly 90 years. Our partner-centric business model and agile approach to our operations and investments are enabling the rapid deployment of innovative solutions to support our partners and cardholders. We remain focused on execution today, with an eye towards the future, making investments, building capabilities, launching programs and making the fundamental changes necessary to emerge from this pandemic in a stronger position. Thank you for participating on the call today, and I hope you and your families stay healthy and safe. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, John. Thanks for the question. I'd say two things. One, we wanted to address the market. We already had installment light products out there, which meet our return hurdles. So we are being very thoughtful and cognizant and looking at how these products work. But I would tell you that what we're looking to do really with SetPay is to offer the customer choice between our different product set. And hopefully, do this in a way that's online. So as the customer is making the purchase, particularly a big purchase, they have the opportunity to do the SetPay product. And we're looking to do that in light of our overall portfolio with returns and – that we have in the business today. So we're not looking to minimize or reduce our returns because of that product. Look, I think everyone's looking at these products as a big part of the market. There's lots of sales out there. These products are still a really small subset of the market. But I do think we felt competitively, it was important to really position ourselves to have that product with – for consumers. But I don't think, down the road, you're going to see this as a big part of who we are, but another product to really help our partners grow their business.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Moshe. It's Margaret. I'd say two things. One, we're -- I would say, in September, we did start seeing store traffic start really coming back at a bigger pace. We still originate a lot of accounts in-store. So having that in-store traffic come back, I think, is going to be very helpful. I think as we continue to market our new programs, where we'll see positive trend there. I think the real question mark is really how does holiday play out? Right now our view is consumers are saying they want to shop, and they want to do something fun and be out there. So I think holiday is going to play into this as well. And then the only maybe negative or downside to that would be, we did -- we do tighten credit during this period. So we are being careful there. We don't want to just open up the faucet, if you will, to new accounts. So we're really being soft on capital on how we're underwriting. But I think the trends we started seeing in September with more store traffic, should help our new account volume as we go into the fourth quarter.
Margaret Keane: Well, yeah, I mean, I would say Verizon is tracking very well. They were slower to open stores. So we're just starting to see store traffic from them. They were more online, but we're really seeing that pick up, and we're really pleased with how Verizon is playing out. Venmo, on the other hand, still in a softer launch. So we're really still testing and piloting that product. But again, the results so far have been extremely positive. If you haven't applied for the card or, I guess, you can apply, you got to get off it. But for those who've gotten off the card, we've gotten really, really positive feedback in terms of the value prop, how the card works, how easy it is to activate, how easy it is to purchase with it. So we anticipate the Venmo product to be a big part of our growth story as we go into 2021.
Margaret Keane: I'd say, no, we've not really seen a big impact on our portfolio or with our partners. I think that is why we have set pay out there. And I do think having customer choice is going to be the thing that we want to really do. We want to do that mobilely as well, so that customers, when they're in the shopping cart, can make a choice. In terms of PayPal, we know that we have a great partnership with PayPal. They had a product that they had already launched in the U.K. and wanted to accelerate their launch here in the U.S. We see that as a cross-sell opportunity for us, like Brian said earlier. So, again, we feel like we're positioning ourselves in the marketplace to be successful. We're not, at this point, really seeing a huge impact of these products against our overall performance.
Margaret Keane: Look, we're always trying to renew deals. So I think this is really the relationship and partnership that we've built over the years. And I think you just saw it happen with Sam's Club. We renewed Sam's Club with a multiyear deal last year. And we just renewed it again with another multiyear deal. So we're always looking at ways to extend our partnerships. And usually, that conversation comes about as people are thinking about new value props or big investments into the program in some way. And I would just tell you the way I think about renewals that's like a daily part of our jobs. And we need to make sure that we're having those conversations where it makes sense. So you see it happening real time with what happened with Sam's Club.
Margaret Keane: Well, we've been making investments for a number of years, particularly in our technology platform, and we'll continue to do that as we see the need. We think that, strategically, we have to be the best of the business in terms of digital capability. And both -- I think, both in the front end, which we've talked a lot about, but even on the back end. And so when we looked at, kind of pivoting back in March, we actually stopped doing some things that didn't really make sense given the pandemic and redeployed those resources to accelerate some of the things that were already on our roadmap. So it wasn't like we created new thinking, we actually had these plans. They would just furthered out. An example I'll give you is we're doing a lot of work on digital collections right now, in terms of really getting us to be state-of-the-art there. So that's an example where we took resources that we're kind of working on that, but we put more resources on it. I'd say that from an expense point of view, we took a really comprehensive look at our overall expenses and said, okay, how do we tighten? Where do we tighten? Some of that we talked about in terms of our footprint, which was a positive one. But when we did this journey on expenses, we basically said, we're going to do this expense reduction in order to ensure we can still invest for the future because, I think sometimes the mistake you make is you tighten so much that you really dilute the future. And what we didn't want to do is really have that happen. So we've been hard at work making sure we continue to invest, while tightening where we can. So that's really the plan that we've kind of executed upon we have work to do going into 2021. But we feel like we were able to hit it pretty quickly and really align our cost base to the size of our business going forward, to ensure that we keep the returns that we want to achieve for our shareholders. So we're feeling -- we've executed well here. We still have things to do, of course, but we're well into the execution of the expenses coming out.
Margaret Keane: We always look at this in terms of the returns and we’re pretty happy with where we landed on the renewal in terms of our raw returns. So I wouldn’t see a big economic impact. I think the real positive here is that we’ve been able to work closely with Sam's over the last, say, 15 to 18 months on really helping them execute against their digital strategy and we’ll continue to do that. And I think more importantly the exciting part is really relaunching a new value prop, which both of us felt was really needed. So we're excited to work with them on that as we go into 2021. But I don't think you'll see an appreciable difference in the economics.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Good morning, John. So the provision – the way to think about the provision for the quarter is when you look at the macroeconomic environment. When you look at growth, when you look at our kind of precision, that all netted out to roughly flat to a small provision. When we look at two specific elements, as we closed the quarter, one being the forbearance accounts that have come off program, given the delinquency rate they had when we evaluate those accounts, we thought there needed to be a higher provision associated with those particular accounts beyond what was included in the base reserve. So there was an incremental, call it, $200 million to $225 million associated with those accounts that are in delinquency today that we're in the forbearance program or current today that may roll into forbearance. And the residual piece really went to our view on the stimulus. And the fact that our view, the timing of the stimulus as well as the efficacy of the stimulus would be delayed. So there's an incremental provision of roughly $75 million associated with the stimulus delay.
Brian Wenzel: Thanks, John. Thanks very much. The reason for that is I think a lot of our partners, while they want to offer this product, to Margaret's point, and have choice for the consumer, we've spent a lot of time working with our partners to get reused on the card, and Brian talked about earlier. And so we have some partners who say, look, I want to offer a revolving product to get that second and third purchase. And that's been something we've been working on for well over 5 years now. And they're not as enamored with the one-and-done product. But look, at the end of the day, we want to be able to offer choice at the point-of-sale.
Brian Wenzel: Good morning Moshe. So the way I would think about it is, we feel that we're adequately reserved at the end of September for both the forbearance count specifically, but the overall portfolio, assuming macroeconomic trends don't move significantly. And to be honest with you, to make sure that pandemic stays in check with where it is today, the real impact to reserves will be growing in the portfolio and any shifts in the portfolio we see between the platforms.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. The way I'd frame it, for the quarter, Moshe, the fourth quarter, both Verizon and Venmo won't have a large impact, it's really be more into progress into 2021. And Margaret's point really about stores opening up the biggest wildcard with regard to new accounts in the fourth quarter will ultimately be the channels, right? We see some differences in new accounts per your digital channels versus your in-store. So that could be a very favorable trend for us, we hope in the fourth quarter.
Brian Wenzel: Thanks, Moshe. Have a good day. Operator: From Bank of America, we have Mihir Bhatia. Please go ahead.
Brian Wenzel: Sure. Good morning. So the baseline measure that we used, which is really coming off of the Moody's August baseline metric, which has unemployment at that point being 9.9% at the end of this year, 7.9% in 2021 and 4.5% in 2022. And as we've gone through and done our modeling off of that, the way which we interpret it, we actually have redistributed that unemployment curve. So effectively, the unemployment we have at the end of the year is 9.7%, down from the second quarter, 9.1% in 2021, up slightly from our previous estimate and 6.3% in 2022. So we have a little bit slower recovery back into 2021, as we think things have pushed out, which partially, as we talked about, some of the stimulus and other metrics. And then, the GDP assumptions we have in line with the Moody's, the baseline model, to be honest with you, which had a linked quarter 5.4% decline in the third and 0.7% in the fourth.
Brian Wenzel: I think the one thing I'd add on to Margaret's point is that, when you look at these investments, so in the case of Sam's, that there's a value prop construct that's on top to renewal we did last year, and we priced at a very disciplined level, right? We priced through the cycle and priced through a very difficult cycle here. So to the extent that we get an opportunity to extend at attractive risk return profile, we most, certainly, would take that opportunity and take that risk off the table, Bill.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Yes, Bill. So first of all, let me just make sure we're clear on stimulus. We still have stimulus baked into our reserves. It's just at a lower level, and the timing is different than what you would see in -- based on Moody's model, I think, last week, they may have even moved out to 2021 their stimulus, but we have spent a lot of time with it. So there is some level of stimulus. With regard to the capital level, yes, nothing has changed in our view with regard to how we think about the long-term capital position and being able to get down to our peers. During this period of time, we continue to run stress cases, and are very comfortable with our ability, given the resiliency of the business, given the earnings profile of the business, the RSAs that we can get down to that level. So there's no change with regard to the long-term view on capital. The time in which we begin to deploy greater amounts of capital back to the shareholders will really be dependent upon the economy and the visibility.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. Thanks for the question. So we'll continue to evaluate that market. We led the market down this year. So we've reduced 115 basis points on our high yield savings, 140 basis points on CDs, with six and seven movements. Here's -- as we think macroeconomically going forward, there will be some pressure as we used to have some higher priced CDs coming up for exploration as we move through the fourth quarter and into the first quarter. So there will be some pressure to redeploy those dollars for our consumers. We also think there's an opportunity as we think some of the larger institutions may continue to try to reduce rates, so there may be some inflows. But at the end of the day, we hope to grow the business next year, and we'll need those deposits. So it's a very it's a very tricky balance. We can move down a little bit more, we think, but we want to be very cautious because what we don't want to do is if we have to raise deposits next year have to then pay more in price in order to get those deposits. So it's really a fine balance between trying to find that appropriate floor. And we're in line with competition. There could be a little bit more room, but I wouldn't expect something significant.
Brian Doubles: Yes, the only thing I would add, Rick, we've talked about this in previous calls. This is where we're really leveraging data share with our partners. Our partners know quite a bit about their customers. They know how long they've been a customer, either through a mobile or digital channel. Even simple things like if we can match the ship to address, with the address that they're putting into the apply tool to apply for a credit line. Those things are enormously helpful in helping us authenticate the customer and reducing fraud rate itself. That's something that we rolled out across all of our large partners in Retail Card and we're rolling it out now to even some of the smaller partners to share that data in an effort to reduce fraud, but also make better credit decisions around line sizes, and get a better credit outcome as well.
Brian Doubles: Yes. One of the things I would add, Betsy, is one of the things we've been very focused on and actually, one of the areas that we accelerated back in March is really integrating our financing offers throughout that customer shopping journey, and we showed you a little bit of that on the slide. And that looks very different by partner. So if you think about SyPI or SDK that plugs into the larger partners' apps, that we've been doing for a number of years now. And that works really well with large partners, so either the SyPI product or having the larger partners plug right into our API platform, which is what we're doing on Venmo. The work that we accelerated back in March and April, which really matters more to our smaller to mid-sized partners, is really getting integrated into their digital properties across the point-of-sale. So not just when you're checking out in the shopping cart, but when you're looking at the product, when you enter the home page, and we've seen conversion rates go up significantly when we have that kind of multi-point integration across all of their digital properties. And so that's really what we've been focused on, is helping not just our large partners, but small to midsize partners, getting the financing offer presented multiple places throughout that shopping journey. And again, that's been really important to our partners because, obviously, times like these, they're accelerating our digital transformation and trying to drive sales, and this, certainly, helps them do that.
Brian Doubles: Well, it really varies. I'd say we're very penetrated in the larger partners, and we're making really good progress in the small to mid-sized partners. But a lot of this is – it's really a joint partnership. It depends on their level of how far advanced they are in their digital transformation. And we're building tools to easily plug in there in a scalable way.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Thanks, Betsy. As we think about, as we enter the fourth quarter, it's really to fund the portfolio growth that we would seasonally anticipate. As we move into 2021, we hope it funds loan growth. We said earlier, with regard to buybacks, obviously, we like to have the cash to, and we most certainly have the capital to execute the buybacks, but really that's not on our horizon until probably at least the back half of the year when we have a better view of what the economy is going to do. So our plan really is to deploy it relative to growth in the assets and managing the liability side of the equation. I don't anticipate us really going to try to chase some basis points to yield in the investment portfolio, to be honest with you.
Brian Doubles: No, I think it does. It comes down to choice. And our partners all have a view on which products they want to offer. In some cases, it's a revolving credit product that has an installment component could be SetPay. In some cases, if it's smaller ticket, to Margaret's point, they would be more interested in the Buy Now Pay Later product. Our goal at the end of the day is to be very integrated across all of our partners' digital properties and offer a wide range of financing products, because it won't be a one-size-fits-all. It's going to be a combination of revolving credit, longer-term installment and shorter-term buy now pay later products.
