Margaret Keane: Thanks Brian, I’ll close with the summery of the quarter on Slide 12 and then we’ll begin the Q&A portion of the call. During the quarter we exhibited strong broad-based growth across several key areas, continuing the momentum we've generated over the last several quarters. We continue to make our cards valuable to consumers, retailers and merchants. Notably in the first quarter we announced that our card would be available on the new Samsung Pay mobile wallet. Leveraging the early investment we made in [indiscernible]. From our business development perspective we continue to win and renew important partnership as well as sign key endorsements and maintain a healthy pipeline of additional opportunities. Our focus is steadfast; we will continue to deliver value to our partners and customers while leveraging strong engagement, innovation and advanced analytics to drive growth. At the same time we remain acutely focused on our preparation from separation from GE and look forward to providing update as we move closer to the finish line.  I will now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A. 
Margaret Keane: So actually we see that our pipeline is pretty strong. I think we've mentioned we invested in additional business development resources and we've really kind of aligned ourselves around the three platforms, so I would say from a pipeline perspective in all three platforms we feel pretty good. I would also tell you that we're seeing opportunities in really two key areas; one is the first one you're saying which is portfolios that are up renewal; that are with competitors that we can go out after; and then the second is startup trust. So I've mentioned in the past that we like startups, many of our big portfolios that we have today were actually startups. So I think the team is diligently focused on growth. I think for us the really opportunity is really insuring that we pick those portfolios that really work for us. As we've said in the past, we have -- the biggest opportunity is really in organic growth. So as we continue to focus on organic we can be a bit choosier on the portfolios we go after to make sure they really aligned with the returns we're trying to achieve for the overall business.
Margaret Keane: I think we mentioned that we actually have locked in many of our relationships as we were going through the IPO process and into this year. So we’re always looking at ways to extend our partnerships and usually pumping pops up along the way whether it’s a new product they want to roll out or maybe a different value prom. So it’s kind of how we run the business. We’re always looking at ways to really expand and expand the relationships. Right now we feel pretty good where we are, 85% of the retail card relationships are locked up 2019 and beyond. We just did Amazon which was a really nice win for us. There are couple of more we’re working on. So I think this is kind of how we run the business and always looking to see how we can lock those up for a longer term.
Margaret Keane: I would say if you look at the industries or the platform themselves we actually saw a very nice growth in our payment solution business and a lot of that was actually attributed to things related to housing, where we saw good and solid furniture sales, our auto business as well in that vertical as well. So I think the positive is that it seems like consumers are back spending on their home and reinvesting in their home; so we see that a positive trend. I’ll turn it over Brian and see if he would add anything else on penetration. 
Margaret Keane: So we've mentioned in the past that we would like to launch a general purpose Synchrony Financial Card to our bank. The teams are evaluating that and working on it, that will probably be more of a 2016 launch than 2015 launch, but the teams working on that. In terms of other products I think we said we are really looking at the bank platform as a way to launch some other products, like checking, debit, bill pay. So that’s another whole area that team is working on, again I think that will be more over 2016 launch. But plans are in place for that and the teams are hard at work figuring out the right way to do that. 
Margaret Keane: I wouldn't bake in an acceleration. I think what we are always looking to do is look at growth both from our private label and Dual Card. One of the things we are always looking at is getting more of our partners to participate in the Dual Card and there is still some opportunities there that we are working through. Dual Card definitely is a positive for us in terms of driving growth on the overall portfolio and the other positive it gives us is when we can offer both products in a partnership, a private label and Dual, if we were to hit a cycle or bump, we can always just shift to getting out more private label credit cards to ensure we get the customer card in their hand but really protect us on the backend from losses. So that kind of our strategy and how we think about Dual Card. 
Margaret Keane: We haven't really seen a change there. What I would say is that the retailers that we talked to are the partners that we are going after. The number one thing that the retailer really wants is for us to describe how we are going to bring more sales in and how we are going to bring more customers and how we are going to have their customers be more loyal. And they really first start up by focusing on our capabilities and I think things like mobile becoming much more important aspect of their business as well as where we can come in and help them from a data analytics perspective, helping them do the marketing campaigns and really driving sale. We have not seen that shift where they are asking for things what would be outside of the normal things we would in a standard contract. So I haven't really seen any of that in any of the conversations that we've had.
Margaret Keane: Sure, I’ll take that, I'll take that separately. So the first one; I would say -- we see competition really holding the way it been through this cycle and our pipeline continues to be strong, so we're feeling some of the pressure that I think others are seeing out there particularly on the bigger transaction. So for us, as I said earlier, our pipeline is really robust, we see it strong in all three platforms and we feel really good about where we're positioned. I think on the coalition question, I think it's a really good question. We have some experience in correlations, we have a network called CarCareONE which actually is a network comprised of our retail partners that are in the auto space if you will, and that correlations actually has turned out to be a very positive for us, we're seeing nice growth in that and that's where your card can be used at multiple paces. So if you have a Pep Boys card for instance you can use it in some of the other retail -- auto retailers that are in that correlation. So we like this concept, it's something that we're evaluating to see, could you expand that into other verticals, is there for instance an opportunity in a home vertical for instance, is something we've been talking about. We're definitely keeping our eye on this. I think as consumers shop they continue to look for opportunities rewards and feeling like they need some little lift to shop, so things like creating a correlations and offering rewards across network I think is a really important. In terms of the competition from some of these online [sales], we're really not feeling the pressure from them. I think their products are different, there installment products not revolving. I think Brian mentioned earlier particularly in our CareCredit business, we're seeing multiple reuse of our cards so we've really been able to really gain brand in the market place. And then lastly in terms of how they have to sell into the market, they have to actually sell on the -- and the CareCredit space you're actually going dental office by dental office to try to create an overall business and so we've been at this for our 25 years and we think it's going to them a little bit while to catch up to us. So we feel pretty confident about where we're against those competitors.
Margaret Keane: It's hard to break that out. We're working on trying to figure out if we can get that metric because to go by a device and so for instance your iPad looks like an online versus mobile phone, so it's a little hard for us to break that out. What I would -- suffice to say, we think a lot of that is happening on, on more of the mobile side and iPad side of things if you will, so little hard to break that out. Needlessness to say, I think all of us now are -- if you could just and by me, how I shop, I think more and more this is a big growth area of us and something that we continue to have to really make that experience for that customer pretty seamless.
Margaret Keane: We think it’s a pretty descent, if you look at it compared to what -- there is a metric out there that says overall in the U.S. it grew 15%, we grew 18%; so I think we are beating out what the norm is. So that’s a measure to go on. Again, it’s just continues grows quarter-over-quarter and it’s not only on sales we see it on everything, the number of logins, the number of people who are on M-service now, the number of people who start mobile and only use mobile in terms of M-service. For us it’s just a metric we continue to watch and know that it’s a very important one and one that just continues to grow from all aspects of the platform.
Brian Doubles: This is Brian. I think it certainly impacts it a little bit. Retail sales in January and February were pretty soft. They came back a little bit in March; we saw a little bit pickup as well in our sales which is maybe a positive. I don't think it's enough to really read too much into it. If you look at our growth year-over-year certainly the value proposition that we rolled out in third quarter helped us a bit. If you adjust for portfolio exit our active accounts were up 8%. We’re also seeing pretty good purchase volume per active account; it was up 6% versus last year. So that tells you that even though we’re in a relatively weak retail sales environment. Consumers are still seeing real value on our cards and they are spending more on their accounts which is a positive.  Online sales were up 18% that continues to be a positive for us, and then if you look at CareCredit and payment solutions specifically as we talked about in the past one of the things that’s benefitting our results here a little bit is just the amount of reuse that we’re getting on the cards. It's the reuse for CareCredit as a percent of purchase volume was about 49%, that’s up 45% last year. So that continues to grow, which is helpful. Payment solutions reuse was 26% which is up a little bit versus last year as well. So a lot of what we’re doing to market to consumers in both of those platforms and create awareness around where you can use the cards is helping.  As we said back in January -- we were calling for retail sales to be in the 2% to 3% range, so our 6% to 8% receivable forecast was really based on that. So we didn't really have a lot of lift in the numbers based on retail sales. So I would say they are coming in a little bit below what we expected but not that dramatically off. 
Brian Doubles: There is a couple of things going on there, if you look at just the marketing line, we made continued investments in the program that was offset by lower marketing spend on retail deposits. And so one of the dynamics that you see when you look year-over-year, when we were in the first quarter of 2014 and we’re really ramping up the deposit platform ahead of the IPO we are spending a lot of marketing related to retail deposits.  Fast forward to the first quarter 2015 and we were -- we were still growing retail deposits but we were in an excess liquidity position so we saw that as an opportunity to dial back a little bit on the marketing spend related to deposits. So what you really got is incremental investments in the programs offset by lower spend on retail deposits. 
Brian Doubles: Sure, so it's a little bit -- going from the fourth quarter to the first quarter you're always going to see an increase in liquidity just given the pay down on receivables. So we definitely saw that in the first quarter. We did us about 2 billion of that excess liquidity to make prepayments on the GE Capital and the bank loan, so as you know as we said in the past if we have the opportunity to optimize the amount of liquidity that we're carrying we’re certainly look to do that. I wouldn't think about it going forward, I wouldn't think about a step change either up or down in terms of the absolute amount of liquidity that we're holding on the balance sheet. We're going to continue to run a very conservative balance sheet, we think that’s prudent just given we're still building a track record in the capital markets, we've got rating agency consideration, regulatory considerations, et cetera. So I can tell you it’s something we spend a lot of time on. We run lot of internal stress tests. We obviously look at the LCR guidance that's clearly not a constraint for us. We're looking at our maturities coverage and then in quarters where we do think we have an opportunity to use some of that liquidity and take out some higher cost funding and we’ll certainly look to do that. The other thing is that we're looking at -- right now we've got about 40 billion of liquidity, 4 billion of that is in short-dated treasuries, 10 billion roughly is sitting in cash deposits at the FED. We're clearly not earning a lot on that liquidity portfolio. I think that's an opportunity going forward, a great start to move, one may look to do something a little bit different there. We don't have any plans to invest in anything that’s not high quality liquid asset and you’re getting a 100% credit for under the LCR guidance, but there is some opportunity to go out a bit on duration and pick up a little more yield, so you might see us do that in the future.
Brian Doubles: I think, as I've mentioned, the charge-offs for the quarter 30 plus, 90 plus were probably little bit better that we expected. We do we're getting a little of the benefit here on lower gas prices, improving employment helps, but it's really -- it's one quarter so it's hard to draw a much of trend from it at this point. The studies around gas prices say the consumers are -- they're using 25% of those gas savings to reduce debt. We definitely feel like we're feeling a piece of that in the numbers that's why you see the reserve coverage is held pretty stable. We didn't make a big move up or down, it's 5.59%, it was really more or less flat to where we trended all last year; up a little bit for seasonality, but very consistent to where we were last year. So I don't think -- we're not seeing anything absent a little bit of improvement from gas that would prompt us to call anything other than we think we’re in a pretty stable environment right now and we don't see losses creeping up in the next 12 months, we don't see them getting a lot of better from here, add to that the significant change on gas prices.
Brian Doubles: We had kind of the base plan that assumed a certain level of prepayments on the bank loan. So that’s already -- a portion of that’s already incorporated in the guidance that we provided back in January. Now in the first quarter we had an incremental opportunity to what we originally forecast and we took advantage of that in the quarter. We don’t see anything incremental to the plan right now, but if we were to find ourselves with excess liquidity again you know our strategy is to make some additional prepayments if we can. The bank term loan facility runs out until 2019, we’re obviously going to prepay it well in advance of that maturity. And we’ll just kind of go quarter-by-quarter here and see if we can lean into it a little bit more.
Brian Doubles: I think the [indiscernible] thing might just be helpful to describe a little bit how we measure our platforms. So if we take retail card we start at the beginning of the year with a sales plan for the retailer that we work with them on and then we measure those retail programs based on gaining penetration. So if the retailer is growing 2%, we’re looking to grow sales on our card at least 4% to 6% and that’s how we measure ourselves. So if you think about how we built the plan, I would assume generally retail sales 2% to 3% and purchase volume for us was 10% and the delta there is largely tender shift from general purpose card, other payment types onto our card.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Don you’re right we’ll be regulated as a savings and loan holding company so we’re not technically subject to [CCAR]. It will be up to the FED on what they want to put us through. I can tell you though that we’ve been preparing this we’ll be subject to [CCAR], so we’re running the same stress test, using the same assumptions, building the same models. We’re putting in the same governance processes around our stress test and our capital plan. So that’s how we’re preparing. We do think that whether not we’re subject to the formal [CCAR] the FED is very likely going to regulate us just like they regulate similar banks of our size. So that’s our plan. 
Brian Doubles: I would -- we tied it to a promotional balances, it’s really driven by Payment Solutions just having a really great quarter and lot of growth year-over-year, they were up 11%. And if you look at Payment Solutions yield just compared to the average product portfolio or compared to CareCredit or Retail Card it is a lower yielding book. So that’s the biggest driver. I wouldn't assume a ramp or seasonality in that, Betsy, I think Payment Solutions growth is just a little bit better than we expected, which drove a little bit of that yield decline. 
Brian Doubles: And then the other factor that did have an impact in the quarter was just -- we did see some higher payment rates, lower delinquencies that obviously has an impact on yield as well. So those are really the two drivers. 
Brian Doubles: This is a strategy that we've had in place for four years where we start consumers up with a lower line on PLCC and we upgrade them overtime, and that strategy has been pretty consistent. If we are going to change that in future and do something bigger we would always come and we will describe it at that point. But it really is something that’s been fairly consistent I would say over the last three or four years. 
Brian Doubles: We're definitely taking share, I don't have a specific number for you, but our growth rates have far outpaced direct -- other online direct retail program growth rate, and so that continues to be a big focus for us. So we've been very pleased by the growth that we're seeing. I'd say we're also -- the other place we’re really focused is on retention rates and the retention rates on our CDs. We've bought the platform from that MetLife back in January of 2013. Retention rates were around 80%. They are up to 88% today, so there is -- there is evidence that our efforts there are definitely paying off. We rolled out a loyalty program where out deposit customers depending on how much they have deposited with us and how long they’ve been a customer, they get access to travel savings and benefits. And so we think it's a really -- it's a combination of paying attractive rates, getting the right advertising program in place, but then also offering something else as part of the equation and that's what we're trying to do with the loyalty programs that we've rolled out.
Brian Doubles: All right. Thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning, your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have and have a great day.
