Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have and we hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up and then we'll open the call for Q&A. We generated strong results this quarter, significantly expanding our relationship with PayPal with the acquisition of the PayPal Credit program, while also continuing to drive organic growth. We renewed key partnerships and signed exciting new programs. We continue to invest in our digital capabilities and network, focusing on ease of card use across platforms as well as card utility, enhancing our competitive position in the rapidly changing marketplace. We are also seeing other important elements of our business, such as credit quality perform in line with our expectations. All of this contributes to our ability to return capital to shareholders and we were pleased to increase our dividend and share repurchases this quarter. We are also focused on aligning capital through organic growth and program acquisitions. We focus on risk adjusted returns, while pursuing strategies that help us to profitably grow the business and deliver value. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Sure. We're not through those options. So what I'd say is we really can't give you a reflection of which one it is, but we're working closely with them now on working through valuation and we expect to have clarity by the first quarter. I think what we said in the last call is that either option whether the portfolio transitions to another issuer or whether we keep the portfolio, both cases we believe that we can replace the EPS, so focused on working with them, focused on getting to a place that we can have a final decision in the first quarter.
Margaret Keane: Yes, so I think the first part I would comment on, probably the most important aspect of buying a book is really around the customer. What you really want to do is ensure that smooth transition from one issuer to another. So as we think about when we do an acquisition particularly of a big book that would be something that would be really important for us because one the customer keeping that transition smooth, keeping the card is utility going. You point on data and analytics, all those elements are extremely important. So those would be the things that we would be focusing on in terms of an acquisition of a portfolio. In terms of, could we purchase a portfolio, obviously, yes, we have said that's been one of our strategies all along in terms of how we would deploy capital, similar to how we did PayPal. But obviously would have to be at the right return, the right risk adjusted margin so that we drive the bottom-line the way we want for the company. I don't know Brian if you would add.
Margaret Keane: Obviously we take a look, but we'd have to evaluate what the overall portfolio was what we would like to be part of in that portfolio and it's hard for us to really comment on that, given that that's not really out there yet. But obviously if we did, we would obviously take a look.
Margaret Keane: Sure. We don't see it as a great risk. I view Wal-Mart as an outlier. I think if you just look at what we've done in this month where we've renewed Lowe's so by the way we'll have over four decades, and the fact that we've renewed JCPenney, which we have for two decades. I think our experience and our trends have shown that we can renew deals. So I'm not sitting here saying that all of a sudden there is a big competitive shift. Look, our view is we're one of the best private label issuers. We know how to service the retail marketplace. We've built out a ton of capabilities, and honestly I view Wal-Mart as an outlier.
Margaret Keane: We're still on discussion, so we - I wouldn't put any kind of 50-50 or anything on it. I think we're working closely with Wal-Mart again, our job is to come to a conclusion in the first quarter and whatever the decision is, we are committed to really ensuring a smooth transition and really delivering for Wal-Mart through the end of the contract.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So I would say that, we're very focused on continuing to assent digital capabilities. I think this is an area that we know becomes a critical part for our partners. And so our year-over-year mobile growth was 59% and our online penetration for Retail Card was 33%, which was up 9 percentage points.
Margaret Keane: And about 46% of our applications occurred digitally in the third quarter. So certainly our mobile enhancements and capabilities and things we continue to build out are having a really good impact. On the pipeline, we feel good about the pipeline. I would say there's not one big deal out there right now, other than maybe some of the rumors that were started this week. So we'd have to look at that. But I think what we've been very diligent on is looking at new startups and existing programs and winning across all three platforms. And we feel good about the progress we make and what the pipeline looks like, I could say going into 2019, I really can't comment on what's going to be beyond that. But again, we're focused on all three platforms Retail Card being one of the ones we talked a lot about. But we've been able to win very successfully in our Payment Solutions business. And I think CareCredit, we continue to expand with utility of the card, as well as expanding our partnership and expansion into new verticals. So we feel, we're poised for a strong pipeline going forward.
Margaret Keane: Well, I think if you really look at our business we actually do deals smaller retailers particularly in our Payment Solutions platform. That's where we have a number of smaller retailers, but even in the Retail Card, depending on the retailer, we really can run the gamut from small to big. So again if the right opportunity came up it was the right partnership to get involved with, we would certainly look at it.
Margaret Keane: No, the goal is always to grow the sales. It's always more beneficial for our partners to grow sales on their cards if you will to Lowe's to grow on the Lowe's card and JCPenney to grow on the JCPenney card. Because remember, they don't pay any share in the RSAs. And then the other big positive is really around the data analytics around the customers that are using a card. So we've never been shackled by how much. We always want to grow that penetration to as high as we possibly can. So - and I think what we were saying here is that as we continue to build out more capabilities and leverage some of our capabilities partnering with them, that just gives us a lot more opportunity as we go into these renewals.
Margaret Keane: Yes, I think we have two probably current examples. The first is when Hhgregg did result because they went bankrupt, we converted those cards to a new network, we created call the home network. But the other good example is Toys"R"Us, I mean, obviously we took - we kept that portfolio again because of the bankruptcy and converted that to a general purpose credit card. But I would just generally say whenever a portfolio stays with us over the years, whether it didn't convert or there was a bankruptcy of some sort, we always look at ways to convert those cards, so they can be continue to be utilized. So we have processes in places to really make sure we can transfer them to even new programs, or in the one case we created a network. So we feel pretty positive that we can handle either case if we Wal-Mart were to go, or to stay, I don't know Brian, if you would add anything else.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So I would think about PayPal, you kind of burn off that mark pretty quick in the remainder of this year, and then you'll start to see some upward bias in the net charge-off rate as we move into 2019, just given the overall credit profile of PayPal relative to our book. So think about it not having much of an impact as we get through 2018. And then some modest upward bias in the net charge-off rate for 2019, which obviously we'll give you more color on that when we do our outlook for the full year.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Don, the only thing I would add is when we communicated our plan on both options last quarter, we did indicate that share repurchases and higher returning alternative. So that would include portfolio acquisitions obviously, we're looking at making bigger investments in the organic growth of the business to investing in high growth programs like PayPal, like TJX, more investment in CareCredit and Payment Solutions. But then if something came along as Margaret said, with the right risk adjusted returns and attractive portfolio acquisition, we would absolutely take a look at it.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure, Sanjay. So first on the RSAs, the RSAs came in a little bit better than we expected, that's been a trend all year. In the quarter, what really drove that was some program mix that we're seeing better growth, higher growth and programs where we pay a lower RSA percentage so that was a big driver. And then obviously we are no longer making payments on the Toys"R"Us program. And then the other factor is we did have slightly lower yield just given the improvement in the credit trends, lower delinquencies. And so that drives a little less revolve lower interest and fees, et cetera. So, that's what really drove the result in the quarter. And then as you think about the fourth quarter, it probably worth just commenting on a couple drivers there, we expect it will coming around the same 4% level. Part of that's driven by credit continuing to improve, so that results in a higher RSA. And then as you probably remember we have that normal seasonality we see moving from the third quarter to the fourth quarter, which brings the RSA back down. So, couple of puts and takes that gets you back into that, gets you back into that 4% range. So then on the PayPal reserves, again it came in a little bit better than we expected just given the credit trends that we're seeing on that portfolio for the quarter. We gave you a pretty good indication of what to expect for the fourth quarter. When you add both of those up you are in that $400 million range. And if you go back and look at the size of the portfolio that we disclosed there is some information out there in terms of what PayPal disclosed on the loss rate for that portfolio. If you assume 14 to 15 months coverage on that, you assume that we get about 400 million done this year. That gives you a pretty good indication of what to expect for 2019 in order to complete that build. So, nothing specific at this point, but I think you have got most of the pieces just given that to come up with a pretty good estimate. And the way I would think about it moving through 2019, obviously it should continue to come down. So you saw $272 million, you got our guidance for the fourth quarter that will come down, it will come down a bit more in the first quarter and then kind of prorate through the balance of 2019.
Brian Doubles: Yes, actually the core 30 plus delinquency rate was a little bit better than we reported, so better than the 21 basis points down year-over-year, with a partially offset for PayPal. So PayPal brought it up a few basis points.
Brian Doubles: Yes, that's more or less how it works. So the point at which we have confirmation that the portfolio is going to transition or move off of our balance sheet we would move it to held for sale it start to shorten that reserve period between the time once you move in and the time you expect to transfer it. So that's a pretty reasonable assumption, Bill.
Brian Doubles: Hey, Bill, the other thing I would just point out, if you go back to the last round of renewals that we did, those were all done with the knowledge that we were going to separate from GE. So we're really in kind of the second or third wave of renewals. And as Margaret said, we think about Wal-Mart as an outlier. Our track record on renewals has been very strong with and without GE.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Rick, I mean certainly that's a factor I would say broadly across the portfolio. But I wouldn't say that PayPal is unique relative to other products and other programs that we have. I think the elements that you talked initially drive more of the performance. So whether it's the FICO even though we don't use really to underwrite we use it to score the portfolio. Our proprietary scores are really the primary driver in terms of what we expect to see on overall credit performance. So to factor but I wouldn't highlight anything unique on PayPal.
Brian Doubles: I would say I will go back to what I said it's the overall credit profile and how we underwrite that portfolio relative to others. I think as we've talked about in the past, if you look at all of our programs, we underwrite based on a set of overall guidelines overall parameters, but then we drill down into the individual program level. And we underwrite a little bit differently based on the customer mix, the customer profile that through the door population in terms of who is apply for credit. And it's a combination of all those factors that mosaic that gives us the overall credit performance that we target for that program.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I think we have been pretty clear, Mark, that we're always working to renew all of our big partners and if we can do that outside of a competitive process and do in a way where we protect our return profile and our economics and do in a way that we get some really good alignment around growth or change some things around the value prop or acquisition incentives and that's always something we're looking to do and we have got a pretty good track record of doing that. So I wouldn't say there is anything unique in either the - into the Lowe's or the JCPenney renewals, I think these things naturally happen as part of these relationships.
Brian Doubles: What I would say and I can't get too specific, but in all of these cases when you early renew typically there is some puts and takes in terms of the economics and what we're going to do in terms of the value prop and acquisition incentive. And in both cases JCPenney or Lowe's we got some really nice commitments around growth and some things that we're going to change, but nothing that's been announced at this point.
Brian Doubles: No, I'd say it's performing very much in line with our expectations, I would maybe point to credit performance being a touch better than we thought, that's what drove the lower reserve build, the turn of books slightly different what we thought, but overall we're very pleased with the performance and it's pretty much in line with our expectation. So, we're pretty excited to get focused on growth.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So first on the underwriting changes, I think our expectation is that we're going to start to lap those periods at some point probably towards the end of the first half of 2019. So I think that trend continues for a couple more quarters and then some of that comes down you get back to a more what we will consider a core growth rate. But overall I think we're very pleased with the results of those underwriting refinements. I think we told you about a year ago that we expected the credit trends to start to moderate and level-off in the second half of 2018. And if anything the performance has been in line to slightly better than that. So, we're still seeing really good volume on accounts greater than 720 as we indicated. And what we're seeing on the accounts below 660 FICO was very, very targeted, very intentional, and it's having the desire results. And I think if you look across, whether it's a reserve build or the delinquency metrics, everything is performing in line to slightly better than we thought. So I think as you move into 2019, you start to lap some of those periods and you start to see those, the impact on purchase volume level off a bit. And then your second question just on CCIL, I think there's obviously still a lot of work to do here. Most credit card issuers would say it's going to result in some increasing level of reserves. Just going from an incurred loss model for lifetime losses, I think the vast majority of issuers are expecting some level of increase. But there is still a lot that's undecided at this point. You've got to determine the life of the revolving product. Depending on which payment allocation methodology you pick, you get a different answer. Frankly, this is, it's fairly challenging accounting guidance to apply to revolving credit. So look, we're doing a lot of work on this, we're participating in all the industry groups and talking to other issuers. Our teams internally are hard at work modeling this. We got six to nine months to kind of run in parallel here and when we have an estimate of the impact we'll certainly share it with all of you.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So maybe I'll take the second one first. So if you look at the yield in the quarter, it was down driven by the PayPal acquisition obviously largely promotional balances they do come on with a lower yield. And then we also had I think as I indicated earlier a modest decline in interest and fees that was similar to what you'd expect just given the improving delinquency trends. There was a slight reduction in yield just driven by purchase accounting that's pretty standard that burns off over the next couple of quarters. But other than that, and some of the noise related to PayPal I would say the core margins the core yield is very stable. And then as you move from the third to the fourth quarter, just the seasonal decline in yield that we see has been up to 60 basis points in the past. And so that's really what you're seeing as you move from the third to the fourth is that seasonal declines you put on a lot of holiday balances that aren't necessarily earning as you put them on. And so that drives that seasonal decline in the fourth quarter. So other than that the core margins are pretty stable. And for the full year, we're right on top of that range that we gave you back in January for margins to be in that 15.75% to 16% range.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I mean, nothing specific to give on 2019 margins at this point. But I think your comments are in line. So I would say that we were very competitive all year on deposits and pricing just to prefund PayPal. And so you're going to feel the effects of that for a few quarters. But our expectation is that we won't have to be as competitive as we move into 2019 that was very unique to having to prefund the PayPal transaction.
Brian Doubles: No, I would just say that the Toys"R"Us conversion into a Synchrony Branded MasterCard has really paid off for us. I mean, we're seeing really good activation rates, we're seeing good sales, good spending patterns. And so it's performed very well so far. I mean, it's still early we're testing a number of different things and different strategies on that portfolio, but so far we have been pretty pleased with the performance.
Brian Doubles: It certainly helps the profitability. The way that we typically think about that is that gives you more dollars to invest in the value prop. So, for Toys"R"Us or us we put that out with a very rich value prop, we tested 2% cash back it's performing really well. You may not need to do that in all cases, but it certainly gives you a bigger economic pool to work with to drive growth going forward.
Brian Doubles: Yes, you'll start to see that as we move into 2019, now you have to remember the current balances are protected so obviously that only influences go forward sales. So, it will start to bleed in, you probably won't see much in the first half, but it will bleed in throughout 2019.
