Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. I'm really proud of the results that we, as a team, continue to deliver for Synchrony's partners, customers, and stakeholders. We have a truly unique understanding of the wide range of needs that our partners and customers seek to address at any given time. And our differentiated approach to addressing those needs enables us to deliver solutions and experiences that deeply resonate.  Whether it's through the optionality embedded within our diverse product suite and customized value propositions, or the many ways in which we power the connection between our partners and customers, Synchrony continues to reach, engage, and serve more customers and drive greater, more sustainable outcomes for our stakeholders. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kathryn to open the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: I think the only thing I would add [Indiscernible] is where we're also seeing really good growth on new accounts. And so that's really seating what we think is going to be strong purchase growth as we move into '22. So new accounts were up 17% when you adjust for Walmart up 37%. So it's a really good growth on new accounts, which is really a good indicator I think for quarters to come.
Brian Doubles: Betsy, I just want to go back and continue to ground home the fact that the RSAs are working as their design, right where the profitability of the Company, as it expands, we're going to share more on the RSA. So that is by design. It's the buffer we all want when in the downside is, but we prefer the upside. So right now, we're just going to -- we're going to pay more. I think you should think about
Brian Doubles: Yeah, John, I would say and it's obviously a combination of you got Venmo, you got Verizon, you got Walgreens, very attractive, new value profit Sam's Club. But I also attribute a large portion to the digital investments that we've been making. So we have made it so much easier to apply whether your in-store on your phone, online. You can really do it in a matter of seconds now. You just put in a couple of fields.  You do it right on your phone, even if you're in-store by scanning a QR code. So just making it easier to apply. I think all the macro tailwinds are certainly there in terms of what we're experiencing the business. But this is where the digital investments that we've been making over the past five-years are really starting to pay off.
Brian Doubles: I wouldn't Sanjay. I'd take a step back and think about our strategy really in two big pieces. One, is very focused on products. And we spent a lot of time on this in Investor Day. We believe we have the most comprehensive product suite out there, whether it's private label, dual co-brand cards, buy now, pay later, short and long-term installment. And so, we feel like that is, obviously, really important, given the diversity of our partner's stand and what they want from us.  The other really important part of the strategy is really around distribution of those financial products. So this is -- think about integration into the merchants and providers, making it easier to apply for those products and really getting that scale. So it's one thing to have the products, but you got to have the distribution channels as well. And so if you go back over time, we do a lot in terms of direct partner integrations. So that's leveraging our APIs Synchrony plug-in, etc. But in some cases, we're looking to expand distribution through practice management systems like Aptec. Anytime we can build a solution once and reach thousands of merchants, we absolutely want to do that, and that's really what Clover does for us. With the development of a single app, we can reach thousands of merchants. We can tap into their, roughly, 180 billion of GPV. So we think this is a big opportunity and allows us to do something once and get immediate scale.  And so, if there -- We're looking -- we're actively looking at other opportunities to do that for our products. But this is really, think about it as really two-pronged approach. You got to have the product set, but then you got to have a distribution channel or a setting distribution channels that allow you to scale quickly and get those products made available to our merchants and their customers.
Brian Doubles: the purchase volume on those closed-end products has grown at about 46% a year, so we're definitely seeing really good traction there. We have buy now, pay later in market today with partners like Tula (ph), American Signature, Electronics Express. That's branded as [Indiscernible]. And then we talked at Investor Day that starting in October, we will have our paying-for-product available for partners. So we're in discussions with them right now and talking about integration plans and getting that in-market.  I will tell you to your point, they are focused on exactly what you said, which is, how does this product compete with the products that they currently offer? And at Investor Day, we talked a lot about the economic equation for our partners. And I can tell you that is something that, I think 6 to 9 months ago they weren't all that focused on, but right now they are very
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. Well, let me start and Brian can jump in if he has other other comments, Betsy. What I would say is in comparison to general-purpose cards, they had a larger dip and larger exposures to some T&E and some other purchases that we did not drop as much as them last year. I think when we look at the purchase volume, first of all, it's broad-based across all our platforms, we have seen really solid performance.  The exception being Lifestyle, which again had a very difficult comp last year with regard to power sports and outdoor power equipment. But when we looked at it through the quarter, it was actually incredibly consistent from the first week of the quarter and each week as we move throughout the quarter, and that's really extended in here through the first couple of weeks of October.  So we are very pleased about the activity level on the card. It's very broad-based. Even a little exposure that we had to with travel and entertainment, we saw that pop up with our travel being up 75% on our either co-branded card or the Synchrony MasterCard. Restaurants were up 44%. So we're seeing that growth. But our business is very consistent, and we think that's really a strength as we move through here into the fourth quarter.
Brian Wenzel: the trajectory as you move forward, it's going to move more in line with the NIM in the business and the net charge-offs. So we would expect charge-offs here probably at a trough and would barely go up. So as the charge-offs begin to increase, that's going to go directly through and there's not really a lag effect when it comes to charge-offs through the RSA. And I think -- if you just think about the margin of the business and the revenue side of the business as delinquencies begin to rise, your revenue goes up, so that will flow through.  And then when you just start to get the write-offs come through, the NIM will come down a little bit. So I think it's going to move hopefully in parallel. The only lag effect is on the change in reserves but it should move with the business. And again, we think we're probably at the trough on delinquencies now but we'll see how it develops. But we're pleased with the performance, we're pleased with how the RSA actually moved, because it moved in line with the business results.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. John, the way I would frame it is if the new programs were they are performing with our expectation with regard to account performance? That's not really going to be large enough to be a driver on our business given the scale. So we really see it in some of the traditional retailers that have opened up and returned to that in-store retail experience, as well as the continued expansion inside the digital programs and platforms that we have.  So it's really fairly broad-based. We have not seen any areas we're lagging behind. I think as people have really started to engage post-pandemic, if I call it that, in shopping experiences. And I think it goes back to the multi-products that we have. It goes back to the compelling value propositions we have and it's broad-based. So we expect that to continue into the fourth quarter and into the holiday season.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. John, I would say the overall provision was around 400 million, got about 150 million more over the next couple of quarters to come through. The exact timing of that and cadence will really depend upon the performance of the portfolio as we move through it. But obviously the first piece is always the biggest in the held-for-sale accounting.
Brian Wenzel: Look, I think that's a metric that obviously we believe we over-indexed in terms of online and mobile sales. Just look at our partners at with Amazon, and PayPal, and Verizon, and others. I think that there's certainly leverage there. If you look at the portfolio mix, and we broke this out a little bit at Investor Day in terms of where we see a lot of the growth coming longer term inside the Company. It's clearly going to be over-indexed in terms of online sales.  That's speaking particularly to our digital partners as they become a larger share of the overall business. But I will say that for some of the more traditional partners that we have, we have been, I believe, instrumental and helping them transform their footprints to be more digital. So that has been a big part of what we've tried to do, particularly over the last couple of years in response to the pandemic.  Many of our partners had to close stores, they moved a lot of their sales online. And we're a big part of how they were able to meet that need and transform their businesses. So certainly leverage going forward right, for sure.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. Don, good morning. I think if I were to lay out for you two cases on delinquency, the first being a little bit more conservative, which says you have a more sharper rise in delinquency that would begin starting here in the fourth quarter would peak third quarter next year and result in that charge-off peak in the first quarter of '23.  So that's a more conservative case. And the basis for that case becomes one where as you have individuals coming off of -- consumers coming off of forbearance, government assistance, renter forbearance that they have not been able to sustain enough savings in order to avoid that, so that's a sharper case, a more conservative case.  A more optimistic case would say you would see a slower rise in delinquencies as you move through '22 into '23 and then really your loss rate comes back in line end of '23 into '24. And I say in line being back to the mean and call it 5.5%. So it's a much more gradual rise. And that premises on the fact that the consumers were able to build up enough savings so that when the financial obligations come back online for them, they are able to continue to pay their bills and meet it. Those are the the bookends that I would think about.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. I would say, look, we have a very active M&A pipeline. The teams are out there screening for opportunities every day. I will tell you that the one thing we're hoping to see in the pandemic was valuations coming back down to earth a bit. In fact, we saw the opposite. So things are still really expensive out there, both in terms of capabilities as well as businesses. So we're certainly looking at a number of things, I'd say existing businesses where we can leverage our scale to grow those businesses.  I think Allegro Credits is a great example of that. That's best and great example of that where we're able to leverage our scaling in Care Credit and health and wellness and buy those businesses and really grow them well, which we shared a little bit at Investor Day around how we did that. But we're going to be disciplined. We're looking for acquisitions that are not only strategic, but accretive. And so we stayed pretty disciplined on that, but the team is very active on that product.
Brian Wenzel: Well, first of all, good morning, Sanjay. A couple of factors you're gonna see the loan growth, which obviously goes into denominator. It actually pushes the NIM down. And then when you think about it, you are getting -- you will get a little bit offset as you see some of the charge-offs and delinquency rise, you will see a little bit of the write-off reversal that goes back through.  So it's not necessarily out of line with I think, past years, if you look back a couple of years ago. So it should be aligned with that. But again, we're very pleased with the NIM being up in the 15+% range that I know a lot of people focused on when we were 165 basis points lower than where we are today. So we're obviously pleased with this performance.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. Thanks and good morning, Bill. The way I think about charge-offs and the reserve build, our reserve build will still really be driven by asset builds and the macroeconomic assumptions. You are correct, we're operating now 11 -- just under 11.3%. Our CSO day 1 was 10% and we expect that migration to happen over time. Now, again, CSO day one was 10%. We never actually had a normal quarter under CSO.  But if you use that as a guidepost, that's where we would expect to move back towards. So you're right, there will be some rate, but again, asset builds will dominate. So the reserve provisioning, there may be reserve builds that come that are partially offset by more normal rate reductions as you move closer, depending upon how again, how credit performs and how the macroeconomic looks. But it won't avoid reserve builds if you're in an asset-increasing environment.
Brian Wenzel: Why don't why don't we just take a step back, though, I think -- And I'll break buy now, pay later into a couple of categories because I think right now everything is getting lumped into buy now, pay later. And as we've indicated in the past we do about 15 billion of installment, both short and long term.  We offer those products in about 70 thousand locations today. And I really think about it in two buckets. First, you've got what we call closed-end installment or buy-now-pay-later. That's growing really well for us. So that is just a closed-end loan, very simple, a number of different durations. And if you look over the past 3 years from 2017 to 2020,
Brian Wenzel: focused on it. So they're looking at the trade-offs between a traditional product where they might earn in RSA, and how does that compare to a short or long-term installment product to Pay in 4 where they're paying a merchant discount. And so, I think the way this is going to play out is, there's going to be a lot of testing and learning and seeing how these products work together, what the customer uptake is, and then, at the end of the day, what the economic equation is back to the partner.  So that's one big bucket of what we call installment, closed in, buy now, pay later. The other thing that we talked about is the buy-now-pay-later option or installment option that we offer on our cards. So on a revolving account. And this is where we continue to see a lot of really strong interest from our partners. And in part of what they like about that is you can actually do multiple installment loans or buy-now-pay-later loans without an additional credit check or application process.  It also gives the customer the ability to, when they want to, just make a regular purchase not on an installment basis and take advantage of the value prop, so save 5%, for instance, at Amazon. And what we've seen is customers really like to have that optionality. So for some purchases they want to put it on a six month or a 12 month equal pay, buy-now-pay-later product, in some cases they want to take advantage of the value prop. And what's nice about that product is it allows you to do both and really gives the customer that choice at the end of the day. The partners, on their side, they really like that because it allows them to do more lifecycle marketing, right? So they can push out offers and promotions around holiday and things like that. So they like that lifecycle relationship that they're able to maintain with the customer. So like at the end of the day, I think every one of our partners is looking at this a little bit differently.  They're looking at the interplay between these products, they are looking at the economic equation. I think the good news is if you take a step back and you see how we're positioned, we have a very comprehensive suite of products. We can sit down with a partner and they can basically choose from a menu in terms of what they want to offer.  And we can lay out for them economic equation, what we think it's going to do to their sales, etc. So I feel like we're very well-positioned. We've got the product suite. We've got the ability to integrate quickly with our partners. And we think, over time, the multi-product strategy is winning one.
Brian Wenzel: Sure. Thanks. And good morning, John. Obviously, in the deck we showed you the elevated level that we saw in the third quarter and as we move into the fourth quarter, again, that rate is going to continue to be elevated. I'd point you to a couple of things as we think about payment rate and the trends. We've done a lot of analysis to try to make sure that we, as we look at it, that we believe it's going to revert back to the mean, everything we have seen still leads us to that conclusion that there is a reversion back to the mean.  There are a couple, I'll call underlying data points that I would try to point you to. Number 1, as we look at the savings rates for consumers, they are drifting down to more normalized level on pre -pandemic. And we look at that both the big money center banks as well as the digital oriented banks than what we see with regard to movement in our savings accounts. So one savings is coming down -- savings rate is coming down, which again, part of that is going to be the high purchase volume.  The second, we start to look at cohorts inside of our portfolio. We do see very slight movements down. So for instance, if you looked at a product level, our dual card pride sequentially, second quarter to third quarter had a slight decline in the payment rate on a product level, that's a higher FICO customer that is beginning to migrate back down.  When you look at it with regard to accounts that either pay full-pay, between full-pay, or statement balance, and min-pay, and then statement balance or less than statement balances, across all those categories, we've seen slight reduction in that paying rate. So if you think about the people who paid stated balances, that is slightly lower third quarter versus second.  The people are playing between statement balance and min-balance that is lower in the third quarter than the second quarter, and then the min-pay is up slightly third quarter versus second, and then the people paying less than the min pay is up slightly, so I think as we start seeing a very slight movement, those are movements that would tell us that the payment rate is going to move back towards the mean that we experienced pre -pandemic or we're starting to see a little bit of signs there.
Brian Wenzel: In our funding stack today, we have 82% that is funded with retail deposits. We have not been an active issuer in the market either in '19, I'm sorry -- in 20 or 21. I would expect this to access the market. First, I think it's good for the liquidity of the Company. So we would expect to see a little bit of activity because we have not replaced some of that expiring debt, but I would imagine that our deposit funding rate will remain elevated versus the 70%, 75% that we historically have guided to.  I think also there's an opportunity with our PayPal savings product to continue to broaden the reach to customers in retail. So we're excited about that when it comes out in the coming months. So we're going to continue to focus on trying to optimize the costs, but we also want to maintain access to the deep markets where that secured, unsecured.  As we begin to give the capital stack and order, we would probably access additional funds to build out the capital stack of the Company and get down to our target level. So we intend to be an active issuer over time and do it in a way that optimizes the cost.
Brian Wenzel: Yeah. Thanks, Mark. The GAAP -- The way the GAAP capital releases, obviously we've had a portion of the reserve release that's a smaller portion that flow backs through capital this quarter, the bulk of the reserve release will happen in the second quarter next year when we intend to convey that portfolio. So that will probably be included in our next capital plan. We have $1.2 billion remaining under the existing authorization that we have as we enter the quarter. So we're pleased with how we repurchased shares during the third quarter. As we said before, we will be aggressive, but prudent as we move forward here.  And as always, we'll continue to run our internal stress test model, evaluate the performance of the business and the income profile and to the extent that we believe it's prudent, we'll engage discussions with our board about potentially increasing the authorization. But right now, we have $1.2 billion ahead of us. And again, we want to be aggressive, but prudent as we continue to reduce the capital level of Company towards closer to our long-term target.
Brian Wenzel: Our first priority from Brian and Margaret and the board is to continue to maintain the long-term investments that we have in the business in the strategic initiatives. So we do almost everything to protect that, because that's in the best interest of our shareholders, that long-term value. Around that, we've maintained a cost discipline. We've reduced a lot of costs. We had -- we're on target for our $210 million this year.  But we made some moves to invest back in certain aspects of our business. That includes going at $20 an hour for our non-exempt workforce and investing back into the business. I think as you look at the fourth quarter, there's going to be a slight increase as you think about some marketing and some things that are going to happen in the quarter. But again, we would expect as you move forward, that as revenue comes back in line, our progression back towards an efficiency level back in the low 30s and disciplined if you think about on a dollar basis as we sequentially move through '22.
