Margaret M. Keane: Thanks, Greg. Good morning, everyone, and thanks for joining us. During the call today, I will provide a review of the quarter, and then Brian will give details on our financial results. I'll begin on slide 3. First quarter net earnings totaled $499 million or $0.61 per diluted share. Our results were impacted by the 45% increase in the provision for loan losses we experienced this quarter, which was driven by growth and the normalization trends we are seeing in the portfolio and also by lower recovery pricing. Brian will describe these items in more detail later in the call. Continued execution of our business strategies helped generate strong organic growth in each of our sales platforms, which resulted in double-digit growth in loan receivable and interest and fees on loans for the company, as you can see on slide 4 of today's presentation. Furthermore, we grew purchase volume 7% and average active accounts 5% over the first quarter of last year. We are delivering value to partners and cardholders through attractive value propositions, promotional financing and strategic marketing offers, and this is helping to generate this growth. Looking at just our online and mobile purchase volume, sales grew 21%, exceeding U.S. growth trends which have been around 15%. And our Retail Card online sales penetration reached 26% in the first quarter. Net charge-offs came in at 5.33%, compared to 4.74% in the first quarter of last year. Our efficiency ratio was 30.3% for the quarter versus 30.4% last year. Strong deposit generation supported the growth we generated this quarter. Deposits increased $7 billion or 15% to $52 billion. Deposits now comprise 72% of our funding sources. With a continued focus on competitive rates and customer service, we believe we can continue to drive deposit growth, though we would expect for that growth trend to be more in line with our receivables growth over the longer-term. Regarding capital and liquidity, our common equity Tier 1 ratio was 18%, and liquid assets totaled $16 billion or 18% of total assets at quarter-end. And we continued to execute our capital plan with quarterly common stock dividend of $0.13 and a repurchase of $238 million of common stock during the quarter. Looking at the business highlights this quarter, we renewed key partnerships with Belk, QVC and Midas. We also launched our Synchrony Car Care program, which offers motorists the convenience of one card to pay for comprehensive auto care at thousands of service and parts locations, as well as fuel at gas stations nationwide. We also continue to seek new partnership to augment growth, and we are excited to have launched our new program with Cathay Pacific during the quarter. In addition, as we continue to seek ways to expand our networking capabilities, we recently made two acquisitions. We acquired the Citi Health Card portfolio, which further expands our healthcare acceptance network in the United States. We also acquired GPShopper, an innovative developer of mobile apps that offers retails and brands a full suite of commerce, engagement and analytics tools. We are expanding our mobile engagement capabilities, improving the functionality and ease of use for our mobile users and our partners. And this capability-enhancing acquisition will help us to do that. You can view our sales platform performance on slide 5. I will now turn the call over to Brian to provide the details on our results.
Margaret M. Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap-up and then we'll open the call for Q&A. While the reserve build impacted our results this quarter, we continued to deliver strong organic growth across each of our sales platforms. We renewed key programs, made strategic acquisitions and launched new programs during the quarter. We continued to drive deposit growth and maintained a strong balance sheet. We also returned capital to shareholders through our dividend and share repurchase program. We continue to focus on our strategic priorities and believe they will help us generate additional growth and strong returns as we look ahead. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret M. Keane: Yeah. Sure. So, first, let me start off by saying that when we do a new transaction and we have a mix of retailers on our portfolio, we're always watching the performance of the underlying economics and balance sheet of that particular retailer. But our risk is really with the consumer, not the retailer. And so I'd say when a retailer's gone bankrupt, it's their going into bankruptcy where they're going to restructure their debt and kind of come out in the end, and maybe less stores but continue to run the operation, we work very closely with them on that whole process. They usually let us know ahead of time. We work with them. One of the things that's important if they're coming out and want to continue operating as a retailer is, the credit card program becomes a very important element of how they drive their growth going forward. In a case where they're closing the doors and they're liquidating, in that case, our experience has shown, based on how we operate, that we can liquidate those portfolios profitably. I would say, again, we work really then with the consumer to make sure the consumer understands they're still responsible for the debt. Most consumers understand that, and they end up paying their bills. And then on the last question, I'd say I think that is an opportunity. And we've talked to some of our retailers who are strong and seeing some opportunities. As other retailers do go through bankruptcy, we do see pickup, especially in the specialty retailer market, where you'll have some of the recent closures that have happened that help some of our retailers pick up sales. So, that's both sides of the equation that we see.
Margaret M. Keane: Sure. So we've been seeing this for quite a while. The retailers are going through a transformation. But I would say, as per our reading, it's definitely accelerated coming out of the holiday season. And I think, for us, when we look at this for the retailers that we have, when they're closing stores or reducing their footprint, it's usually stores that are not really generating the sales volume that they need, and it also means that our cards are probably not doing as well in those stores as well. So I think, for us, what we've been able to do, and we show it in the growth that we've been able to achieve in this last quarter, is while they're going through their transformation, we're going through our transformation of making sure we can really attract those customers through the online channels, whether it's through their iPad or on their mobile phone. And, as we indicated in our comments, this quarter, 26% of retail card penetration was online. So we're definitely picking up, I think, more than our fair share of consumers who are not going into the actual physical brick-and-mortar but shopping online. And I think that's really where we have to continue to work with our partners, continue to make sure we have not only the capability, but also the right value props in place, that we're giving the right marketing programs to those consumers to ensure that they're coming back. So we're working hard on those things. We purchased GPShopper. We acquired them this quarter. We did that because they've been able to demonstrate their capabilities in helping us enhance what we're driving for our retailers and also helping some of our retail partners build out their mobile assets. So I think the shift is happening and probably happening at a little more of an accelerated rate this year, but we're on top of it and one that we think we are well-positioned for as that transformation continues to happen.
Margaret M. Keane: Yeah. So those conversations go on continually, as our retailers are looking for new ways to do things and maybe different kinds of investments or a different value prop. So we're working them all the time, as evidenced by our renewal this quarter of Belk and QVC and Midas. What we would do is, once we close a deal is when we would announce that we won it. But we're working those every day. I think given the state of retail right now, it's incredibly important for us to be the best possible partner we can be for them to really ensure their success and that they feel good about the overall partnership. And hopefully, we're doing that and then we work the renewals into that process as we continue to work closely with them.
Margaret M. Keane: Well, I think we're in a good macro environment. I think you got to put the backdrop in there, Ken, which is we're in a fairly good macro environment. The consumers are getting stronger. There's confidence in the consumer. Unemployment is getting better. So I think those things certainly play in to the environment that we're in, and we expect that to continue. I don't think anyone is seeing a big macro correction in that area. So, that helps.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure, John. I mean, the coverage is obviously driven by a number of different factors, including whatever your growth assumption is. And there that's why we've tried to be as helpful as we can in terms of telling you how to think about it on a dollar basis. But as you think about the reserve builds for 2017, they'll continue to be driven by really two factors; growth in our receivables, which we're off to a very strong start this year; as well as the normalization trends that we're seeing. So, as you move throughout the year, you also have to factor in the fact that the reserve will start to pick up 2018 as you roll forward. And so the reserve build in this quarter as well as the next two quarters will start to pick up 2018. So we would expect that to be the dynamic really for the next couple of quarters. And then as you move into 2018, we indicated towards the back half we expect the credit trends will start to level off and we'd expect the reserve builds to kind of run in advance of that, and the reserve build in 2018 would be more reflective of growth and include a little bit less of that normalization component.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure. I mean, portfolio mix is something that we've highlighted in the past. We've talked about the fact that our underwriting is very customized, and we underwrite differently based on the platform, the program, the channel and the product. So it's really multi-variant, if you think about it, across the spectrum there. And so our credit guidelines have been pretty consistent across those areas. But we do underwrite to different loss rates in some of those areas. So, depending on the growth rates that we're seeing in certain segments of the portfolio, mix can be a driver and certainly influences the composition of the vintages and then how those vintages subsequently perform. And if you look at it today, today we would have a larger percent of the book in those newer vintages and in those areas of the portfolio that have had higher growth rates really in 2015 and 2016. So, that's driving the dynamic that we're seeing.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. So I would say it's a combination of a couple of things. One is, just based on how we started the year – and I wouldn't call it a step-change, Sanjay. I would say we were 4.75% to 5%. We're now saying 5% to low-5% range. So we moved it up largely based on how we started the year here in the first quarter and what we're seeing around recovery pricing. The recovery pricing itself, it can move around a little bit. We highlighted, I think it was $36 million back in the third quarter of last year. We saw an incremental decline in pricing this quarter. We believe it's driven by a combination of factors, including just the fact that you've got increased supply in the market. As charge-offs start to normalize across the industry, which we've seen, you've got that dynamic. So you've got just increased supply in the market, which we think is impacting the price. And then to probably a lesser extent, you've got the costs that some of the buyers have added to improve their processes in response to the proposed new regulations. I think that was probably a little more of a driver in the third quarter of last year. I think the dynamic that we're seeing now is probably a little more supply-driven. Look, the one thing I'd highlight is that we run a regular NPV analysis on these sales. And if we start to see more deterioration on the pricing, we may pull back on some of these sales and start to collect on the accounts or other means.
Brian D. Doubles: Sure. So, obviously, it's hard for me to speak to how others reserve. Our reserve is based on our best estimate of the incurred losses that we have in the book at the end of the reporting period. I would say our model is to generally look out over a 12-month window. But our reserve, it includes principal as well as interest and fees. We also have qualitative and other factors that we include in there. So, when you add up those pieces, it typically equates to 14 to 15 months of coverage. But as I've said in the past, that is not how we book the reserve. It just gives you some guidepost in terms of how to think of it. It kind of equates to that 14 to 15 months. But we're not targeting that. That's really more of the output and how it ends up comparing to the next 12 months' charge-offs. Other than that, we have a lot of good disclosure in the Qs and the Ks that tell you about the factors that we consider and that we build into the models. But, again, it's kind of tough to compare to what others do.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Ryan. I mean part of this is, if you think about our growth, it really started to accelerate in second, third quarter 2015 through the first half of 2016. And that's obviously driving the dynamic that we're seeing here. It's driven by the factors that I've highlighted in the past, portfolio mix, like program, product, channel, all those same components. However, when we look at the more recent vintages and how kind of an early read on those, as well as other factors just including things like the growth rates in some of the higher loss areas of the portfolio, that gives us some comfort that losses will start to level off in the second half of 2018. So it's really a combination of early read in the more recent vintages from the second half of 2016, as well as we have been growing in certain areas at a very healthy clip here in 2015 and 2016. And just given now that we're comping against some of those really high growth rates, they started to moderate a bit. And so the mix impact that we're feeling there should lessen as we get more towards the back half of 2018.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah, Ryan. Let me take the second one first. I would expect the reserve to start to level off in advance of what we expect to see on charge-offs. Obviously, your reserve is forward-looking. So I think, not to get too specific about it, but as you start out into 2018, the reserve build should be more reflective of growth and include less of that normalization component that we expect to see for 2017. And sorry, Ryan, take me back to your first question.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I think, consistent to what others are seeing, 2015 and 2016 have higher loss content. I would say back half of 2016 is a little better than first half of 2016 for us. I don't know how that looks relative to others. The underwriting box for us has been largely consistent. But if you look at the past couple years, our growth rates did really accelerate in the second half of 2015 and 2016. And those vintages, second half of 2015, first half of 2016, are seasoning at somewhat higher delinquency levels, driven by the factors that we've talked about, portfolio, channel mix. But, again, the early read on the more recent vintages gives us some comfort as well as an updated view of the growth rates going forward on some of those higher loss areas of the portfolio, give us some comfort that we'll work our way out of this towards the back half of 2018.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Betsy. So the reserve build in the quarter was $332 million. And we said for the next couple of quarters, assume it's in that range. So we're not being that precise around it, obviously. We're going to have to adjust to what's happening in the quarter when we record the allowance. But in terms of the RSA, for the quarter, we were at 3.7% of receivables, which is well below the 4.4% to 4.5% that we guided to for the year. So you're definitely seeing an offset. You also have to remember that a lot of things were better year-over-year. We had good growth, higher margins, which would have resulted in a higher RSA than we had originally forecasted. However, those improvements were more than offset by the incremental provisions. As you think about it for the balance of the year, you have to factor in that in the third quarter we typically hit a high point on the RSA percentage. You typically have lower charge-offs. Just seasonally, yield comes up on the book. And so, when you factor that in, it gets us in that 4.1% to 4.2% range for the year.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. It's really a little early to start giving RSA guidance beyond that. Obviously, you have to take new deals into account, renewals and things like that. So there's quite a bit that could happen here in the back half of the year that could influence that number. So I wouldn't want to start giving 2018 guidance on the RSA.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. There's still going to be a seasonal component to the book. I'm not going to range the magnitude or give quarterly guidance on the NCO rate. But that seasonal component we would expect to still be there, both on the top line as well as what we're seeing on credit. So, it tends to be relatively stable in the first half of the year. You see charge-offs come down in the third quarter. They tick back up in the fourth. On the margin side, you see yield come up in the third quarter, comes back down in the fourth a bit with the seasonal build in receivables. So we would expect those trends to still play through for the year.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. That's just part of how they work. For all the programs where we have an RSA, all of our partners share in net charge-offs and the majority of them share in the reserve build as well. We have a couple of programs where that's not the case. So there can be a little bit of a lag in terms of the offset, but, for the most part, they're sharing in that and that's really what drove the RSA percentage down from that 4.4% to 4.5% range that we had guided to down to 3.7% for the quarter.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Sure, Moshe. So we're always making refinements to the underwriting models across the portfolio based on the trends that we're seeing. And while I'll say that overall our underwriting standards and the cutoffs have been largely consistent, you see that if you look at the FICO stats (37:45) on the portfolio, which has been pretty consistent for a number of years now. But given we're still seeing attractive risk-adjusted returns, we haven't made what I would call significant changes to our underwriting model to tighten up. The changes that we've been making, we'll continue to make, are pretty surgical in nature. They're specific to certain portfolios, certain credit strategies. We're always adjusting things like line assignments, refining upgrade strategies and things like that. So, yeah, we tightened a bit in the second half. We'll continue to refine our strategies here as we move throughout 2017. We saw that actually improve some of the performance in the more recent vintages. So, look, we're obviously adapting to what we're seeing as these high growth vintages mature. But I wouldn't say it's anything dramatic that's going to slow the growth rate of the business.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Look, the $50 million is one-time based on the market pricing that we got in the quarter. Hard to tell when we go back out if we'll see another adjustment there. We don't have any visibility into that at this point. And we're really not trying to be that specific. We're saying, look, assume the magnitude of reserve build for the next couple of quarters will include a component for the strong growth that we continue to have as well as normalization. And that puts the reserve build in the same range as what we have this quarter. But that's about as specific as we can be. We're trying to give you a way to think about it over the next couple of quarters. But I can't pinpoint a dollar amount today and tell you what exactly we're going to book in the second and the third quarters.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. No, Moshe, we understand that. And the reserve build in the quarter, as we said, was higher than we expected and that's why we're giving you a framework for how to think about it for the next couple of quarters, which is all predicated again on the net charge-off trends that we're seeing, so.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. So we expect the charge-offs to continue to trend up in 2018, leveling off in the back half. So, as you start to build reserves for that, you're picking up more of the 2018 dynamic as well as the fact that we moved our forecast up for 2017 as well.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah, Mark. I think you might be missing the growth component that would bring that percentage down. We wouldn't be in that kind of range on the reserve coverage. But you also have to factor in the seasonality, right? The reserve coverage typically increases second quarter, third quarter, and comes down in the fourth quarter. And when you get to the fourth quarter of 2017, your reserve coverage should look largely in line with that low- to mid-5% range of charge-offs for 2018. That's just another way to think about it is as you move throughout the year, your reserve coverage at the end of the fourth quarter should reflect what we expect to see for 2018, which is at low- to mid-5% range.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I don't think we're assuming anything incremental on seasonality. That charge-off range would be in the range of what we're indicating in the 5% to low-5% range.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. We don't think so, Rick. I think it really is driven by the factors that I mentioned earlier. We know for a fact that there's increased supply in the market. You've seen charge-offs normalize across the entire industry. We think that's probably the primary driver this quarter. And remember, we're coming off of historically low loss rates. So there was definitely a supply-demand imbalance in 2014, 2015, a little bit into 2016, and now that's started to come back and normalize a bit. And we think that's driving the majority of what we're seeing on pricing. And then I think the secondary factor is just buyers have added a lot of cost to get out in front of some of these proposed new regulations and we think that that's probably secondary driver. But I don't think it's specific to anything idiosyncratic or anything related to any of our retail partners.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. There's definitely some of that, Rick. Typically, if a retailer is going to go through bankruptcy and then liquidate, we usually adjust our reserve modestly to accommodate for that dynamic. But then we always liquidate properly because the vast majority of the consumers want to protect their credit rating. They know they still owe the debt and they pay us back. And so we've been through a few of these over our history and they always liquidate profitably, and again, because the consumer knows that they're still obligated on the debt.
Brian D. Doubles: That's right. The higher guide on charge-offs for 2017 and the new outlook we put out there for 2018 inform kind of the reserve build over the next couple of quarters. So, that's exactly how to think about it. You're picking up both 2017, what we expect to see for the balance of the year in net charge-offs, as well as every quarter as we move forward you're picking up another quarter of 2018.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I mean, all of our comments are based on a relatively stable macro environment. So we're really talking about based on dynamics that we've seen and the vintage curves and the portfolio mix. That gives us some comfort that losses will start to level off in the second half of 2018. But, again, it's predicated on a stable macro environment and nothing really changing there.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. You do see – that's part of what gave us better yield than we were expecting. It was relatively flat year-over-year, but better than our expectations. And that's what's pushing our guidance on NIM up from, in January, we were at 15.75% to 16% and now we're saying probably 16% to 16.25% in a quarter for the year. So it's a combination and more revolved on the book. It's one of the natural offsets in the portfolio. So, as credit starts to normalize and trend up, that is one of the natural offsets that you'll see in the business.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. The FICO strats (49:20) have been very consistent. The Q will come out next week and you'll see that they're virtually unchanged compared to the prior year. We still have 72% of the portfolio with 660 score and above, no change from the prior year, 20% of the portfolio is between 600 to 660 score, no change from the prior year and 8% of the portfolio is below 600 score. So those are all very consistent year-over-year. It really is the dynamics that we've highlighted earlier.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. The way we book the reserves is you take all the best information that we have at the time, which is current market pricing, any indications that there is a trend there that is going a different way, and we try and build all of that into the reserve model. So I wouldn't call it a one-timer necessarily because it can always change in the future as we move forward. But we've booked our best estimate for what we think the market is priced for today. We've included all of that in our reserves. It will drive – it's part of what's driving the NCO guidance up a little bit beyond where we were in January, but we've included everything that we're seeing today in the market.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. Look, I'm not going to be specific on the number. We've got, I'll call it, a handful of buyers that we've been dealing with for a long time that we're very comfortable with. Our mix changes pretty regularly, depending on the dynamics that we're seeing in the market. I think as I've mentioned in the past, we're always looking at the best ways to optimize the value through sales of the charge-off accounts and then collecting through other means. We always run a regular NPV analysis. And, look, if we start to see pricing deteriorate further, we may take a different approach and we'll make modifications along the way.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I think it's pretty consistent, Ken. It's driven by the factors that we've talked about in the past. And if you look at our growth rates, everybody has had a different trajectory around growth by a quarter or two, and if you look at ours, our growth rates really accelerated in the second half of 2015 into 2016. And so those vintages are seasoning at somewhat higher delinquency levels. But it's really driven by the fact that we had really strong growth in certain areas of the portfolio that have higher loss rates. When I say areas of the portfolio, I'm really talking about a multi-variant kind of cut where it's a combination of program, channel, platform and product. It's not as simple as just saying it's one program. It's a combination of different things. However, as I mentioned, based on the early read of the most recent vintages, given some of the changes that we made in 2016 and continue to make, they're actually performing a bit better. And that gives us some comfort that this is normalization, and it will level off at some point. We think, for us, based on what we're seeing, that's the back half of 2018. Again, I think it's still important to point out that we're also getting improvement on yields. So we're still seeing pretty good risk-adjusted returns. Once we get past the reserve builds, then include both the growth and the normalization component that we're seeing now, these are going to be very profitable balances going forward once we get beyond that.
Brian D. Doubles: Yeah. I mean, I think part of that, Ken, if you look at the improvement we were getting in 2014 and 2015, it was significantly above our expectations. And if you go back every quarter, we said credit is not going to get better, credit is not going to get better. And I think that was fairly consistent across the industry. And so we saw historic lows for a couple of years, and we're starting to come off of that. It's a fairly gradual change. And if you look at – for us, I mean I can't speak to others, but our underwriting has been pretty consistent. And I'll walk through the FICO strats (1:01:35) earlier, but for the past few years, they've been very consistent, which says that while there's more supply in the market, we've tried to stay pretty disciplined based on the trends that we're seeing and some of the performance of the vintages from 2015 and 2016. We're making some modifications. But as I mentioned, they're pretty surgical. I think others are probably going to start to do that as well. But I don't think there's anything that we see at least in the consumer that says, by historical standards, there's a problem there. I think they're still healthy. They've continued to take on more debt, more leverage. But, again, if you look at it over time, it still appears to be fairly responsible. And so we're still seeing a lot of opportunities for growth across the credit spectrum.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce: Yes. Thank you for all the color on the reserving and kind of what your thoughts are on that. Could you maybe elaborate in terms of within the portfolio if there are any particular parts of it that are normalizing faster than other? I mean, what you're experiencing is something we're hearing from others. So, I guess, I'm interested in knowing if there's something that you're seeing within the context of consumer credit that's beginning to change maybe more rapidly than we had seen in just a few months ago.
Kenneth Matthew Bruce: Yeah. I appreciate that. I think one of the challenges that we have in the investment community is, as you see these portfolios and credit cost normalizes, understanding ultimately if that normalization turns into something which we may characterize as deteriorating and as you've kind of mentioned there's been a lot of growth across consumer credit for a lot of companies. And we haven't seen anybody really pull back, and it's – I guess for those of us who have been around long enough, we kind of recognize that the growth tends to lead to the next credit cycle. It feels awfully close to some previous cycles, and I guess I'm kind of curious as to why we're not seeing more companies pull back before...
Kenneth Matthew Bruce: No. I don't disagree with that. I think the problem that we have is that we find that this deterioration is occurring when the consumer is so strong, and that's frankly the problem.
