Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll close with a recap of our strategic priorities, the continued focus of our assets to drive value to our partners, cardholders and shareholders. A top priority remains to execute successfully across our three platforms, building upon our capabilities in marketing, analytics, loyalty and digital and mobile technology. We still have a lot of room to grow organically and we will focus on driving that organic growth, but also evaluating potential new programs with appropriate risk-adjusted returns. We will continue to make investments to expand the utility of our cards and innovate with our partners to create attractive value proposition and drive card usage. We will continue to invest in next-generation data analytics and technology offering. Digital and mobile technologies remained a key focus as these channels become increasingly popular. We will further develop frictionless customer experiences in a digitized environment through the use of customer journey and size. We are also focused on leveraging alternative data and machine learning to further drive innovation, advanced underwriting and authentication. Our banking platform remains an important funding source. And as such, we will continue to broaden our products and capabilities to help increase loyalty, diversify funding and drive profitability. We will also continue to explore opportunities to expand and diversify the business in areas like health care finance, small business and proprietary networks. It remains a key priority to operate our business with a strong balance sheet and financial profile. We have proven our ability to do this and it will remain a top priority for us in the future. We expect to maintain strong capital and liquidity to support our operation, business growth, credit rating and regulatory targets. Finally, we will continue to utilize our strong capital position to support growth, which are in capital through dividends and share purchases and M&A and continued investments that support our business objectives and capabilities. We believe we are well-positioned for long-term growth and we look forward to driving results for our partner’s, cardholders and shareholders in 2019.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. Thank you. Thank you, Moshe. I think that all of you know that we've been working really hard to continue to enhance our digital capabilities, and we've been focusing both on the digital side as well as analytics. And I think if you see some of the names and partners that we've been also with or win over the last 12 months, you can see we're certainly winning in the digital space whether it’s Amazon, PayPal, eBay, LazMall, zulily. We're winning in the space and I think if we look at our overall performance, our year-over-year mobile growth totaled 39% and 52% with PayPal in the fourth quarter. U.S. growth is about 16%. Our online sales for retail card penetration was 35%. And our apps, actual apps occurring digitally are up 45%, 49% with PayPal in the fourth quarter. And the last piece, I'd add is, we've talked about SyPi is -- which is really the whole plug-in that we do with our partners where you don't really meet their site through actually ending partners application. We have that out there with 21 brands and partners right now. We just hit over 1 billion in credit card payments in that application. So our view is we have a soup to nuts capabilities from applying and buying to a digital card, to getting your loyalty rewards, to then servicing your account within the apps. So our perspective is we certainly have the capability and continue to enhance that capability. Probably the biggest enhancement now is taking all that digital capability and enhancing it with data and customer journeys as we continue to make each experience frictionless.
Margaret Keane: It's largely the same. I think, if you look at the overall plan for 2019, you could see the RSA's and our overall return for the business returns remains the same. So, we're just really pleased about how the quarter ended and how we actually successfully want to renew throughout 2018. We had 50 renewals overall -- for the overall business and we're really confident. I think one of the things that we've continually said is we're going to renew deals that work for us and that are important to us. And that we have high-level engagement from our partners where we feel we can really grow. And I think everyone that we've been able to renew and win our partners that fit that description.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. I think part of it is really the importance of the credit card program. I think to the Sam's Club, it's a little different than the percentage penetration we had in Walmart. So I think from a member perspective, the card's a big part of Sam's Club sales. So I think that's an important element. I think the other is, and I've said this all along, it's really two separate teams. We have always had a decent relationship with Sam's Club. And I think we leveraged our capabilities and the things we're building to win that relationship. I think one of the things we've talked about throughout this process is how -- this isn't always easy, how important it is for us to continue to deliver for both Walmart and Sam's throughout this transition? And I think as we went through the holiday, we made sure we delivered great customer service to both parties and I think that's how you win in the space. It's really about how you deliver for the partner. And I think we've been able to come out of this in a really good way and we are looking really forward to really continuing our partnership with Sam and helping them grow their sales and extend their membership. I mean, that's what's really important here.
Margaret Keane: Sure. I'll start out. First, our partnership is really just fantastic. We have such a high level of engagement between us and PayPal. I think maybe some of you saw the announcements as we are working with PayPal to help deferred load in employees of the federal government, we did that in like 24 hours. And to get that kind of level of engagement in terms of how to service their customers and how to grow the program is just fantastic. So we're fully, fully aligned. The program is operating the way we thought it would. And I think we're just really excited about the overall growth potential as we continue to look at areas of opportunity together for growth. Obviously, we have work to do you to kind of bring the full portfolio on, but we're very focused on delivering for that. And we're just overall really pleased with our partnership and I couldn't be happy about how the program is performing. Brian, on the reserves.
Margaret Keane: Yeah, look, Mark what I would say there is we can't provide any specifics on any of our individual agreements. But as we've said in the past, whenever you do these renewals, you typically move around the economics, you look for ways to drive further alignment between us and the partner, you find ways to drive more growth. And in the case of all of our renewals, we've been able to achieve an attractive financial profile. I think in all cases, we have better alignment with the partner under to go-forward agreement and so we feel really good about what we did with Amazon, but in the case of all the renewals.
Margaret Keane: Well, you know, look, in all these cases, these are good negotiations. So we had a good negotiation with our friends at Sam's. We feel really good about the outcome. And I think, as Brian said, this is a multiyear agreement, an extension from when that program was supposed to end. So, for us, I think -- look I think the most positive thing is we've been able to renew Sam's, resolve where the Walmart book is going. And not have the loss sitting over our head. So the overall results of where we ended is, really great for the company. We're very confident that we'll continue to serve Sam's Club really well and help them grow which is what we do. And I think we did all this in the fourth quarter and we delivered in the fourth quarter for our partners. So we feel good and we're very happy about where we landed with the agreement with Walmart and Sam's Club.
Margaret Keane: Yes. We renewed our partnership with Google. We actually financed their hardware, so Pixel and items that they sell on their website. So that was an extension we did as well in our fourth quarter. So that's kind of what I said in the prepared remarks.
Margaret Keane: Yes, sure. So our year-over-year mobile growth totaled 39%, 52% with PayPal in the fourth quarter. So we continue to see really good traction. I think two things. One is, the additional capabilities we continue to build as we try to make that whole mobile experience wing to wing friction less. But I think the other is, consumers more and more are on their tablets or on their phones in terms of how they're shopping. So that was I think a big move for us. Our online sales, actually sales on our cards online for retail card was 35%. So that continues to grow as well in the fourth quarter. And then, in terms of acquiring new accounts, applications, we're now up to 45% of our apps occurring digitally. If you add PayPal in there in the fourth quarter, it was 49%. And then lastly, we integrated SyPi into 21 of our partners and brands. And that particular SyPi capability allows you to really service your card seamlessly with any app of the retailers, so you never have to leave. And we hit a $1 billion in card payments last year. So we're continuing to see very good traction in terms of the capabilities that we're building out. We worked very closely with our partners as they are looking at their digital roadmap. And we're trying to align with them and deliver every quarter on the needs for those particular partners. So again, really excited about what we've been able to build. And there's a lot -- still lots of opportunity to grow on the digital roadmap, and partnerships with our customers.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, sure, Moshe. So, look now that we have clarity around the portfolio being sold, we'll start to free up the capital that's allocated to portfolio. As we said earlier, we still believe the transaction allows us to offset the EPS impact to Walmart. It's accretive relative to our renewal. And so I think in terms of timing, if I just take you through the year, we indicated that in the first quarter we’ll move the portfolio that held for sale will only retain reserves for the period that we’re holding the assets. So you'll see a fairly significant reserve release in the first quarter. That should be around $500 million. And then you'll see subsequent reserve releases in the second quarter and third quarter, somewhere in the range of $200 million to $250 million in each quarter. And so that steps you through the reserve releases and what to expect there. And then, obviously, we expect to sell the assets late third quarter, early fourth quarter. And that's when we'll free up the additional capital that's allocated to the portfolio. So that gives you a sense of the cadence on the capital release in terms of the timing on deployments. We’re, obviously, in discussions with the regulators on our board on how to go about that and timing and when we have more to share there. We'll, obviously, share it with all of you.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. I would take it in those two pieces, John. So I would take in the first quarter, we expect the reserve build for the core portfolio plus the remaining build related to PayPal. We're still working our way through that. We think that is a $200 million approximate build in the first quarter. And then you'll see approximately $500 million release in the first quarter related to Walmart. So you have those net $300 million release in the first quarter.
Brian Doubles: Well, look, I think when you assume, obviously, these are all confidential agreements, but in each case for the large renewals, these are multi-year agreements, multiyear extensions from the last contractual date. And I think that gives you some indication that in all cases this gives us fairly significant amount of time to get in there, drive growth, drive penetration with these partners. So very good extensions in all cases, really attractive financial profile, good returns.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So, look, in terms of the first question, I can't be too specific on the terms, but I will highlight that our ability to replace the EPS didn't hinge on getting a gain on the portfolio. So the capital released from our perspective was really coming from the reserves and the capital that’s allocated to the portfolio. So now that we have clarity on the portfolio sale and the timing, we still believe the transaction allows us to offset the EPS. Other than that, I can't be too specific. And I gave you -- in terms of the capital, I gave you pretty clear walk on the reserves. The portfolio is approximately $9 billion at the time of sale. When we made our first announcement, it was closer to $10 billion. So we do expect a little bit of attrition between now and then, just given some scaling because of marketing funds and things like that between now and close. But I think that’s real.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So what we said that, net interest margin in total would be kind of in that 16% range for the second half of the year and it came in right in line with that. If you look at just the receivable yield, that was down 23 basis points compared to the prior year. And that was entirely driven by the PayPal portfolio. So if you exclude the effects of PayPal, the core yield would have been up approximately 10 bps compared to the prior year, so pretty consistent.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Rick. Look I think in terms of our funding plans for 2018, I would expect them to be largely consistent with where we’ve trended over the last couple of years. Our target ranges are for deposits to be 70% to 75% of the funding, secure to be 15% to 20%, unsecured to be 10% to 15%. I don't see anything as I think about 2019 that really changes that profile in a material way. Now, obviously, we're opportunistic in terms of when to go a little bit heavier on one of those funding sources than others. But, overall, I think that's the target range that we're pretty comfortable with. And you'll see that for most of 2019. The only other thing I would highlight is we're going to be very careful around how we manage liquidity in advance of the Walmart portfolio sales. So we will have to carry some excess liquidity after that sale happens, but we'll look to minimize that as best as we can and we’ll do that through all three of those funding sources.
Brian Doubles: Yes. It's actually fairly easy. And look that's good and bad. I mean, we're steel fairly rate sensitive in the deposit book. And so if we lack the market significantly for a period of time then we'll be able to manage the deposit inflow and the maturities in a way that helps us minimize the excess liquidity that we carry after the Walmart portfolio transitions. So I think it's pretty manageable. You can negate it entirely, but it's certainly something we'll be focused on and it's pretty manageable from our perspective.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. So, Betsy, on the reserves, we ended the quarter with a $204 million build. We think the first quarter looks very similar in terms of the range and that includes both the reserve build for PayPal as well as the core reserve build. So, we're not going to break out PayPal anymore going forward, but what we'll do is step that out for you as we get through the year, kind of, one quarter at a time. So, we think the PayPal reserve build based on the purchase accounting, that's largely complete by the end of the second quarter, maybe a little bit addressed in the third quarter. But we think $200 million range for the first quarter then in April; we’ll give you a sense for what we think in the second quarter.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Look, it's harder for us to be too specific in terms of timing versus relatively fresh agreement. We now have certainty around timing and other things and we’re in conversions with our board and our regulators about how and when we can deploy that capital. So, I can't be much more specific than that other than, our goal is to deploy it as it’s being freed up, assuming that more in line with all of our capital targets and the board and the regulators are comfortable. So, when we have more to announce, we'll certainly announce it.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So, look, first I'd say that we have very detailed plans that we're going to begin executing and have already started to execute this year to get that done. Some of the cost actions will actually happen in advance of the program moving. So, there are some costs that are not directly tied to the program. But I would think about Mark, the majority of the cost actions will be completed as soon as possible after the portfolio is sold. And one of the things that we're, obviously, very focused on as Margaret said is not affecting the performance of the program, making sure we ensure a seamless transition on our part. And so a lot of those cause remain in place until the portfolio transfers. But we do feel like we've got a really good plan in place to offset any impact on the efficiency ratio. We don't expect there to be any impact on our operating leverage. But you'll really see the full benefits of those cost actions in 2020. That will be our first year without the program.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, look, I would say that every one of these is very unique. In some cases, you are moving around some terms, in some cases you're moving around the value prop or the marketing funds to benefit the consumer and drive growth, in some cases, you're tweaking the RSA or the marketing funds. I mean there's just so many different things inside of these agreements so you can move based on what the partner wants and what we want to achieve. I'd say in all cases where we have moved around economics, we do it in a way historically that has benefited the consumer frankly and has – we’ve put dollars to work to drive growth. As Margaret said in all cases, these renewals have a very attractive financial profile. We gave you our 2019 outlook that includes the impact of all the renewals and you can see as you mentioned the RSA percentage and ROA percentage are right in line with the historical run rate. So you always move some things around in these to get both parties happy. But in all cases, we're able to get this done with a pretty attractive financial profile for us.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So look, we -- I guess, what I would say is, the portfolio or the program is trending exactly in line with our expectations. We knew that there would be a little bit of noise in some of the metrics in 2018. As we indicated, you go to work through that reserve build, the upfront reserve build on the portfolio. We still expect the program to be accretive in 2019, no change to what we said earlier. The impact on yield is really just driven by the fact that the PayPal portfolio itself runs at a lower yield on our overall book. We did make some pricing changes that will start to bleed in over the course of 2019 into 2020. That will offset some of that, but you're really just saying the fact that the PayPal portfolio, given where it's priced, runs at a lower yield than the overall portfolio. And so that drove some of what you're seeing on net interest margin and yield in the quarter. And then, what you're seeing on some of the credit metrics is just the working through the rest of the purchase accounting. So that's largely done this quarter. As we've indicated in the past, the PayPal portfolio will put some upward bias on the net charge-off rate into 2019. We highlighted that as part of our outlook. So if you think about net charge-offs in that 5.7% to 5.9% range that includes PayPal, it includes the partial offset for Walmart. And if you exclude both of those impacts, the core net charge-off rate is flat. So, we try to get you a pretty good indication of where PayPal is influencing those metrics, but I would say generally the program, the portfolio is trending right in line with our expectations.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Look our goal is to always try and keep it earnings neutral. Toys"R"Us a good example, gives you an indication of the options that we have, when that happens to one of our partners. So in that case, we took those account holders. We converted into a Synchrony branded general-purpose card. We stopped paying the RSA, as we indicated and we use those additional dollars to fund a very attractive value prop. So that's certainly our goal. And we do have options to help mitigate the impact in those cases.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. I mean, Bill, I can't give it to you specifically. But we indicated it was 10 billion, expected to be 9 billion when we close, so it's somewhere in between. That's probably as close as I can get you.
Brian Doubles: It will have no impact on our results post sales. This is a complete transfer of the portfolio. We are retaining no risk. There is no ongoing sharing. There is no law support. There is nothing. This is a very standard clean transaction. So, when it closes, it's closed.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Look, I can't comment on the agreement between the other two parties. What I can tell you is that our side of this is pretty clean from that perspective, very standard transfer of the portfolio, very market. We're not retaining any risk.
