Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us today. In addition, to our press release, we've provided the presentation that covers the topics, we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information could be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit, nor guarantee, the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, our President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, our Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present the results on the call this morning. After we complete our presentation, we will open up the call for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret. 
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. Operator, we're now ready to begin the Q&A session. As we do so, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourselves to 1 primary and 1 or 2 follow-up questions, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible. 
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on the conference call today, and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. And have a great day. 
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll close with a few brief points on Slide 14, and then let Greg get us into the Q&A portion of the call. To summarize, we are a leader in the private-label credit card business and are in a unique position to capitalize on our deep partner integration and further leverage the compelling value proposition we provide partners and consumers. Our fundamentals are solid, with strong capital liquidity and our business generates strong returns. And looking ahead, we have attractive growth opportunities, particularly to further leverage data analytics and mobile and e-capabilities, as we continue to seek ways to provide even more value to our partners and consumers and stay at the forefront of emerging payment trends. Finally, we are generating strong deposit growth through our online bank and this should help support our growth objectives moving forward.  In sum, we are well positioned to leverage our past success, solid foundation and unique market position to help drive growth with existing partners, as well as develop new partnerships and consumer relationships. We look forward to reporting our progress on future calls and interaction with the investment community. We are very excited about the prospects for the future of Synchrony Financial and those critical to our success, our employees, partners and cardholders.  That concludes our comments on the quarter. So now, I'll turn the call back over to Greg to open up for Q&A. 
Margaret Keane: So Ryan, on your question about growth strategy, I'd say first of all, we still have -- our biggest opportunity is still driving organic growth, which we're very focused on. But what I would tell you is we reorganized our business development team. We've added additional resources to really jump on the opportunity for what's out there in our pipeline. We have a very active pipeline. We're really focused on all 3 platforms. We felt good about what's in our pipeline. And I think, you saw in our announcement today particularly for our Payment Solutions, we announced REEDS Jewelers, as well as the International Diamond. And I think, you can expect to hear more of that in the coming months for all 3 platforms. 
Margaret Keane: Great. So Ryan, as we said, we're still targeting late 2015. And they're really, a couple of key things that have to be accomplished. The first is, and you saw this in our expense build out, we need to demonstrate that we have standalone capabilities and we're operating as a stand-alone company. The second is, we will have to apply through an application process with the Fed. We're anticipating doing that first half of 2015. Once that happens and the Fed will come in and actually evaluate our standalone capability. So they're going to want to see that we have the infrastructure in place. So with that said, we're really targeting first half of 2015 to get the application done, have the Fed come in and then, the timeline after that will be contingent upon the approval from the Fed. 
Margaret Keane: So, thanks for that question. So I would tell you that we continue to see great growth on online and mobile. And it's something that we're very focused in. About a little more than a year ago, I was out at Stanford University's Engineering School and actually spend time with the leader there, who works with really a group of millennials. And it really gave me the concept of how I really unleash the talent in the millennials on my team, and really create a different work environment for them. So we created this Innovation Station, which is really a cross-functional team. So it's really not only computer geeks, but also our risk teams, our operational teams to really figure out a unique way to really focus on ideation and accelerating our capabilities in the market. So what we're seeing and the fact that we've done this has really helped us to accelerate what are partners are looking for and what consumers are looking for. For instance, we do something called the Bolt session, where we actually bring partners and end consumers. And we take a business issue or problem we're trying to solve from a digital perspective and we actually by the end of the day have a prototype. And we can test it with consumers right there. So it's really a way for us to think more broadly about where the world is going from a digital perspective and something we're extraordinarily focused on. 
Margaret Keane: Sure. So why don't I just talk about our strategy around mobile payments in general. And the way we think about this is, we really want our cards in as many mobile wallets as possible. And I think, when you think about the consumer themselves, we're going to have to drive this from both our partners' perspective, as well as the consumer perspective. But at the end of the day, it's really going to be up to the consumer on how they choose to make their payments and what device they're using. So our strategy, right now, is really to work with all the wallets. We're not going to holdback just on Apple. And we are working with partners who do MCX, so we'll be partnering with them. The good news for us, and we're -- I should also say we're doing some of our own virtual payments, too. We have 2 applications out there now, where our partners have asked to create an application for them for payments. So we're really looking at this very broad base. For us, our applications today allow customers to apply and buy, service almost all of their account online and get the rewards. So we really see payments as the last leg of the stool. And then, our job is really to make sure we have a very strong consumer value proposition, so that the customers want to load the cards inside wallets. And then the last one I would tell you, we are interested in getting our private-label credit cards, as well as our Dual Cards into all the wallets. So we really view this as a big opportunity. It's really going to be a seamless experience from a customer perspective for us. And we're very excited about partnering with Apple on the Dual Cards for the partners that want to be on that application. 
Margaret Keane: Sure. So why don't I start with the CFPB first. So we will be supervised by the CFPB. They're one of our ongoing supervisors. We know that they are working on looking at deferred interest right now. The silver lining for us is that, we had gone through a review with them on our CareCredit business. And we believe that the learnings we got out of that review from CareCredit, we're applying them across the business. So I can't say, ultimately what they're going to ultimately decide, but we feel like, we had a little more insight to what they were looking for. And at the end of the day, their goal is really to be fair and transparent, or they want us to be fair and transparent to consumers, which is something we believe into. So that's about what I could say on the deferred interest portion. On PayPal, we've had -- we've been a long partner with the PayPal. We've been with them since 2014. Obviously, they're making a very big strategic decision to split off from e-Bay. We disclosed, in our S-1, that we would not be renewing their deal after 2016. So they will be moving on and exploring their own business in a different way. So that's where we are on PayPal. 
Margaret Keane: All right. Why don't I take the Apple Pay question and then, I'll turn the M&A question over to Brian. I did hear that, Sanjay, that one of our competitors was less -- our view is that this emerging technology is just the next step in the process for how customers are using their digital devices. So if you think about our cards today, we're seeing really good growth. And we also know that if a customer shops online, shops their mobile phone and shops bricks and mortar, we actually get more of their spend. So really, the payment is the last leg here. And we see this as a real opportunity for us to get incremental sales. And secondly, I think, given that hopefully these devices are going to be a lot more secure, we'll actually be able to reduce some of our fraud costs. So we see this as a real benefit to our consumers. Obviously, we have to work with our partners in selecting which wallets are good for them, but our goal is to try to be in as many places as possible. 
Margaret Keane: Sure. So on Apple Pay, the way I would think about is similar to EMV, so there is that extra secure element. And I think the other is the fact that people tend to hold on to their wallet, I mean, to their phone versus sometimes their wallet or their cards. I think, there is a little bit more security there. But you're right. It's got the same kind of technology that SMB does from an NFC perspective and security. So to that point, I think, you're right. But I think, we just see these as another way to just add a bit more security out there in the marketplace around data and cards. On Conn's, what I would say to you is, I'll start and have Brian add a little more. First, we normally we don't comment on a particular partner like this, but given there is a unique situation and there's media out there, what I would say first is, they're a great partner. We've had them since 2009. Our job with Conn's is we actually underwrite the higher FICO portion of their book. We underwrite it ourselves. We hold those receivables, and we're not seeing any deterioration in the performance of the book that we have. I don't know Brian, if you would add anything. 
Margaret Keane: So we're not really seeing any difference. We've had a fairly solid 2014, and we're expecting that to hold through the holiday season. I think, the holiday season will be in line with how we've been seeing sales all year. What I would tell you, that consumer is out shopping, but I do think the consumer is definitely more cautious, particularly about big ticket spending. So I think, this is where they're spending more time thinking about what to purchase, how to purchase, and that's where I think promotional financing really helps that consumer make that purchase. But we're not really seeing any softening. On the Walmart comment, what I would say is, this is really where we bring value to our partners, when sales -- overall sales are softening, it's where we bring our capabilities to bear, and it's where we tend to have even greater connection with our partners on how to leverage the card program, our data analytics and CRM to really drive more sales and more customers into the store. So overall, we're feeling positive about the remainder of the year. 
Margaret Keane: No, no. We had -- we always have a contest each year on how high we can go, and I think our max is 86%. 
Margaret Keane: Absolutely. That gets back to the point of, if you think about just retail cards $550 billion in annual sales volume, our ability to drive just 1% penetration, that would be a big win for all of us. So that's kind of how we think. That's why we have to pay a lot of attention to organic growth, as well as new opportunities. 
Brian Doubles: Sure. So Ryan, we've continued to see strong growth across all 3 platforms. As you highlighted, excluding Dillard's and Meijer, which we moved to held-for-sale in the second quarter, kind of the core is up 9%.  That's spread pretty evenly across the 3 platforms. So we still continue to feel pretty good about the growth that we're getting. It's both new account growth, as well as active account growth. So one of the things we've been very focused on particularly, in Payment Solutions and CareCredit, is getting that repeat purchase volume. And so now, if you look at CareCredit, 47% of our purchases are repeat transactions. If you go back 5 years ago, we're -- it was probably one and done. You weren't getting that repeat volume. So that's been a big focus of ours. And then, also in the Payment Solutions platform, repeat transactions are 24%. Again, 5 years ago, that was probably close to 0. So I would say it's a combination of all of those drivers that have given us strong growth. 
Brian Doubles: Yes, the expenses. I think, probably, the easiest way to think about it is if you just break down the spend this quarter and look at it year-over-year, so expenses are up $153 million year-over-year. $43 million of that is just related to growth in the business. The other $110 million is really tied to those 3 categories, that I outlined in the $470 million run rate for the year. So if you just take the $110 million and you annualize it, that would get you fairly close to the $470 million. So a lot of this is in our run rate already. There's going to be little bit of seasonality in some of the spend, so I would think about it coming in over the next 2 or 3 quarters. And then from there, we would expect our expenses to grow more in line with revenues. 
Brian Doubles: No, you shouldn't. Costs are going to grow in line with revenues. I think, you got 2 or 3 more quarters here of the build. But if you look at the third quarter, a lot of this is in our run rate already. 
Brian Doubles: Yes. No, Betsy, we're not seeing anything on credit deterioration at this point. If you look at the metrics, 30 plus is stable, 90 plus is stable and the charge-off rate is pretty flat year-over-year. So we continue to feel like credit's going to be, it's not going to get a lot better from here, but it's not going to get worse either. So that's how we're thinking about it. And if you look at the reserve profile has been fairly consistent. I did mention 14 months. The only problem with that metric is it's backward looking. Obviously, we reserve more on an incurred loss basis. So a more forward-looking view. But that is not a bad way to think about it, a combination of looking at the reserve coverage on receivables and reserves against the last 12 months' charge-offs. The one thing that you don't want to do though is to just take reserves over the current period charge-offs, because there'll be a lot of seasonality in that metric. So really use the last 12 months, is a much better indicator. 
Brian Doubles: That's definitely what we're seeing right now. So we expect to continue to build reserves in line with receivables growth. 
Brian Doubles: I would think about it as coincident, Rick. So we loaded -- we launched the Sam’s Club value proposition. That's part of what you're seeing in there. That's been very well-received. So as we rollout new value propositions, you're going to see that grow in line with our purchase volume. We kind of had a reset, I think, in the third quarter, because we rolled out some new very attractive value propositions. But it should definitely lineup with purchase volume going forward. 
Brian Doubles: Sure. Let me give you -- let me start with commercial and small business. We ended at $1.4 billion, which is up 3.5% versus last year. Installment was $1.1 billion, which is down 21%, but if you remember, we completed the HI sale in the fourth quarter of '13. So if you adjust that out of the numbers year-over-year, the installment book would be up 8%. So that's certainly an area that we continue to grow. 
Brian Doubles: Yes. Credit card is $18 million versus -- I'm sorry, other is $18 million versus $12 million versus last year. Credit cards was 55 -- $54.9 billion. 
Brian Doubles: And on your first question, Sanjay, I would start by saying we've had an active dialogue with our regulators over the last 18 months. We tried to incorporate some of that feedback into how we built the balance sheet. We're at 15% Tier 1 Common, which compares very well against really any financial institution. We're going to build capital from here until separation. I think in terms -- longer-term, after we complete the separation, the way we prioritize our use of the capital is, first, organic growth. So this is still a strong -- very strong organic growth story. It will continue to be. Second, I'd say we're going to continue to look at platform, our portfolio acquisitions. Margaret talked about, we've got a great pipeline across all 3 of our platforms. That will continue. So we really view those 2 things as our core, and that would be our first use of capital. Then we're going to look to establish a regular dividend and buyback. And then, I would put M&A kind of fourth. And it's something that we spend a lot of time on. We look at all the time. But I'd say, we're going to be very disciplined around M&A opportunities. We're going to be very thoughtful about anything we do there. And they're probably going to be more capability building, as opposed to deviating from the core of what we do. 
Brian Doubles: Yes. The only thing I'd add is, the Conn's portfolio that we have is $160 million of receivable. So it's 0.2% of our total. It's fairly small for us. And I'll just echo Margaret's comments, that it's performing very much in line with our expectations. 
Brian Doubles: Yes, I think, it differs by retailer. And I wouldn't categorize it by mass versus -- part of this is the level of support for the program and the amount of advertising that we do. I think that's a driver. I think, when you look at it in its entirety and this has been very consistent over the last 4 or 5 years, you look at retail sales broadly, we tend to be 2 to 3x the broader retail sales market. Same is true, if you just look at revolving credit. It's been up 3%,  and we're up more than 2x that. So that ratio holds in total, but it gets difficult to segment it below that, to be honest. 
Brian Doubles: Yes. I'd say they've been very consistent. Our goal in each one of our programs is to continue to increase that penetration. And that's been consistent with -- you can't grow at 2x the retail sales broadly, if you're not gaining penetration every day, both from other tender types, as well as just gaining greater penetration within that retail partner. So that's continued to kind of hold true. 
Brian Doubles: Why don't I start and then I'll -- the one thing you have to take under account when you look at the growth rates, if you're looking at purchase volume compared to receivables, receivables, if you adjust for held-for-sale, are actually up 10%.  And so then you'd see those 2 aligned more closely. So in retail cards, those -- that's where we moved Meijer and in Dillard's, into held-for-sale. 
Brian Doubles: We continue to see strong growth in both. We would typically see stronger growth in Dual Card, because we're flipping private-label consumer cards to Dual Cards over time. Our strategy is one where we start consumers out with a smaller balance and over time, we look to grow that line and ultimately, flip it into a Dual Card. So just that dynamic of the flip results in dual card growth outpacing private label. But we really look at it program by program, in total, and not so much by individual product. 
Brian Doubles: Yes. If you look at the RSAs, there's quite a bit that goes on there, Ken, as you know. So they were up 2% year-over-year. I think you had to start with the fact that revenue receivables growth was well in excess of that. So the RSAs take into account the other line items on the P&L. So you've got provisions and other expense that run through there as well. And so, if you look at RSAs as a percentage of receivables, which is not a bad way to look at it, I think it was down from 5.2% last year to 4.8%. We think 4.8%, that's a fairly normal quarter for us. And so, we would expect it to stay fairly consistent from here. There's definitely some seasonality there, though, that you have to take into account. 
Brian Doubles: Well, I think, I need to -- let me separate it into the 2 buckets. So I think, if it were a portfolio acquisition that was in our core, that would certainly be something that we would look to do and we would be conscious of our capital levels, particularly as we're in this application phase and working to get approval to separate. I think -- so those are things that we've -- like I said, we've got an active pipeline and we're going after those opportunities. I think any true M&A that's outside of what we would consider a core portfolio acquisition is probably unlikely here in the short term, as we work through the application process and get approval to separate. 
