Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. Synchrony's track record of execution reflects our differentiated approach to serving our customers and our partners and the consistency that generates for our stakeholders. Over decades, through economic cycles and waves of innovation, we prioritize strategies that deliver sustainable, long-term growth at attractive risk-adjusted returns. So, as I look forward, I am confident in our ability to continue to adapt and deliver across environments, and I'm excited for the opportunities we see to deliver on our objectives in the year ahead. With that, I'll turn the call back to Kathryn and open up the Q&A.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I would just add, Moshe, we talked about this in the past that, I think in periods of uncertainty, and clearly, we're in a somewhat uncertain period right now. This is when we see our partners engage even more in the card programs and that's great for us. The level of engagement, I would say, across big partners and small partners has never been higher than it is right now. They're very engaged. They are working with us on really trying to understand what the consumer is doing, how they're going to behave over the next 12, 24 months.  And we're seeing great engagement in the multiproduct strategy as well, that's something that we anchored on a couple of years ago, a lot of momentum across the business on it. And I think as partners are kind of taking a step back and trying to figure out the macroeconomic environment and the consumer trends, they're also rethinking the financial products that they offer and kind of rationalizing their point of sale. And I think that definitely plays to our strengths.
Brian Doubles: Yes, John, I'll start and then ask Brian to add some color. I think the dual card co-brand strategy has been one that we've leaned on heavily over the last decade. And what we really like about it is the ability to migrate our best customers and our partner's best customers into a product that has world spend capabilities. And the way that they earn on that card typically gives them a reason to go back into the partner's store. So, we like the synergies there, and we are seeing above-average growth in dual card and world sales, which is great for us, great for our partners as well. Just taking a step back, as we think about the multiproduct strategy, it really is one that you can envision starting with at the kind of lower end of the spectrum, a secured card buy now pay later shorter-term installment loan migrating into a revolving product PLCC and then ultimately into a dual card or co-brand card.  We think that strategy is a winning one. We think that economically to us when we think about the risk and return profile that allows us to cater to a very wide cross-section in terms of our partners' customers. And so that's where I think we've seen a real change just in the last two or three years as we've been engaging with our partners on the multiproduct strategy, a lot of engagement, a lot of momentum there. And I think that over time, that's a winning strategy for us. And maybe, Brian, just to add a little color if there's any changes in terms of the...
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. I'll start on this one, Sanjay. So, I think what's important, and we talk about this a lot, is that through what was really the best credit environment in the history of financial services in the last two years, we didn't really take an opportunity to underwrite a lot deeper. And that's important for us because consistency is really important to our partner. So, in times, really good times like we have the last couple of years, we don't underwrite a lot deeper. And that's really done in the hopes that when things get a little bit uncertain or a little bit worse that we don't have to pull back dramatically. That consistency is important to our partners and important to us. So, we're not at this point anticipating significant underwriting changes. We like how we're underwriting today. The consumer is still healthy. We're expecting charge-offs to normalize back into our target range next year. So, what we're seeing right now is still pretty comfortable in terms of the consumer trends. So not anticipating anything significant at this point.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Look, nothing to share specifically on that situation. I just don't want to speculate there. We're not party to that, obviously. I would say that we've got a great relationship with Sam's Club going back 25-plus years, great alignment, great engagement, and momentum on that program, but nothing to really speculate on beyond that. I would say just kind of more generally, we're always in the market for large portfolio acquisitions, start-up opportunities. We've got a very active process, big team working on it. And so that's always of interest to us. What's important there though, as we've talked about in the past is you got to have really good alignment, you got to have the right balance of risk and return. And I think that's important, particularly in an environment like this where you're kind of heading into a period of uncertainty. So, we'll continue to stay very disciplined around risk and return.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So, look, I would say it's still a pretty competitive environment out there. I think it's a little bifurcated. I think the more established players are still competitive in our space. I'll just put direct-to-consumer side for a second. So, I think we're still seeing it as a pretty competitive environment. The one thing that is encouraging though is I think just given the uncertainty on the horizon, there's pretty good discipline across the more traditional competitors. And I think that's generally the case anytime you enter a period like this, nobody is factoring in credit environment like we've experienced over the last couple of years, I think that's encouraging. So pretty good discipline. I do think you've seen some of the fintech players and some of the newer players pull back a bit. I do think direct-to-consumer direct mail, some of that will pull back a little bit. But generally, in our core space, it's still pretty competitive out there, but with pretty good discipline.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Moshe. So, as we entered the year, we anticipated our betas to rise from last year. There was a shift in the end of last year were got highly competitive, particularly with some of the regional banks. So, when you looked at our betas at the end of last year, they were roughly low to mid-70s on high-yield savings and around 80% on CDs. As we came into 2023, we anticipated probably a 10- to 15-point beta rise in high-yield savings and probably 20 basis points or essentially 100% or more data on CDs, right? That's how we came into the year. I'd say the market for the most part since the third week of December through the end of the first quarter was very rational and the betas performed better than our expectation, right? So, if you look at betas now, they're probably mid-70s on savings and about 90 on CDs. Our outlook, though, Moshe, is what's baked into the NIM guidance is that we still go back to those original points where you're going to be mid-80s on high-yield savings and over 100 on CDs just because of the fact that there may be other banks who have seen deposit outflows may get more aggressive. Again, we haven't seen that yet, but that's what's in the outlook. So hopefully, that doesn't develop, which would give us some potential upside.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Let me try to unpack that question, Ryan. Good to talk to you this morning. So first, when you think about the TDR account change, this is one where we, like many others, have chosen retroactive treatment. So, there was a reduction to the reserve that went net of tax through equity on January 1. As we came into the quarter, the reserve is fundamentally two things. One, the seasonal pay down and purchase -- seasonal pay down was lower than our expect or lower than expectations. And then purchase volume was higher than our expectations, which gave us a greater asset position at the end of the quarter, which led to the growth-driven reserve provision. When you think about the components of what's in the reserve from a macroeconomic standpoint, effectively, what we have in -- when you look all the way through the baseline model through the qualitative reserves, our unemployment is effectively 6%. So isn't this reasonable forecastable period, if unemployment stays below 6%, we should not have rate-driven reserve provisions. Again, during this quarter, though, given the banking turmoil and the potential contraction of credit, we did add to the macroeconomic overlay to deal with the potential flow-through effects to consumer. As I think about it stepping forward, what I'd say is we expect really generally growth-driven reserves. I mean, provision increases, and that should be in line with what we thought about. That said, we still believe that we're going to trend downward over time as we move out through the end of the year and into next year down to that adjusted CECL day one reserve post.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Ryan, the thing I try to get -- try to convey is that when you run your loss stress testing models under the severe and idiosyncratic events, unemployment was up to 10%. So, in theory, you go through and you run those stresses. So, we look at -- even if you had some form of recession that came about in the short to medium term, in theory, your -- our capital provision and our buffers would be able to withstand that.  So, we don't necessarily look at that as something where we would sit back and say, we should stop or curtail some of the repurchases or the level of repurchases on it safe. So, the economic event is really baked into our capital forecast and our capital plan. As we think about the priorities, you hit it right. The first thing we think about is the organic growth of the company. Second is dividends. And third comes down to whether or not we have inorganic opportunities and/or share repurchases. So, some of the cadence that might come about over the next couple of years, are there assets that come available that we want to deploy capital into.  But right now, again, we're going to continue to return shareholders to -- return capital to shareholders in line with what we've been doing historically and target down towards the 11%. Again, I highlighted in my prepared remarks that we do have to finish development of our preferred stack, but that's not necessarily something we need to do today.
Brian Wenzel: Good morning, Erika. So again, we gave you the range of 4% to 4.25%, it's going to really depend upon how net interest margin plays out, right, when you think about the funding cost of the business. Losses again, is in that same range as the 4.75% to 5%. So, it's really going to play really on how the deposit betas play through and how that -- the benchmark interest rates flow through to our partners, but we expect it to be in the 4% to 4.25%.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks for the question. So first, let me just talk about credit for a second. We ended the quarter, if you look back at historical delinquency rates, we've been trending about 10 basis points a quarter up on the normalization curve. When we ended fourth quarter of '22 at roughly 80%. And we ended the first quarter of '23 or roughly between 75% and 77%. So, credit is normalizing in the way in which we expected and to stay on that trajectory. As you slide into '24, we expect the loss rate to back to our underwriting target at 5.5% to 6%. The other dynamics that play through, you're right, if you believe you go back to that type of environment, which would have a slightly normal -- higher or more normalized unemployment rate, you're then going to see your payment rate come back in line, which should give you a tailwind relative to interest and fees.  But then we also expect the prime rate and the interest-bearing liabilities cost to come down. Those all kind of work. You have two effective tailwinds, headwind with net charge-offs, that goes -- all goes back through the RSA. So, when you think about that, you have pluses and minuses, there could be a period of time which we dip below 4% for a quarter or two, and then you should come back in line with what I would think the longer-term financial framework which we gave you, which is in that 4% to 4.25%.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So, remember, John, as we always talk about the customers that seek our cards out are the most loyal customers of our partners, right? So, they are engaged with that brand, want the value back in that brand. And when we look through to the categories of spend that we see particularly on the dual card, they're very consistent how they rank order and very sticky. So, like our world span category is bill pay.  If you think about top five, you have grocery in there, you have restaurants in there. Those are things in which are everyday type events, that are sticky and continuous. And when they're earning benefits back into a brand in which they like, they're going to continue to do that. So, when we look at transaction values and frequencies, it's remained relatively consistent, which goes back to the point where we -- we talked about dual card, when you think about some of the other brands that are in there that may not necessarily be dual card but have wide utility and some of our digital partners, we have a broad swath of this business that goes across multiset of categories.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So again, there will be seasonal trends. Obviously, I think about charge-offs, you generally have a seasonal increase in the second quarter from charge-offs on an interest margin basis. We'll have some seasonality as we pre-fund some of the back-end of the year growth into the first quarter into the liquidity profile. So, you may see them come down and back up and charge-offs to be a little bit higher in the second quarter. But I think when you look at charge-offs, and it's important to note the pace of acceleration that I highlighted just a couple of minutes ago that we're still at 80% of historical delinquency levels. And when you look at the delinquency increases third quarter to fourth quarter and the fourth quarter to first quarter, they have slowed. So again, on a dollar basis, because signs up, you'll see it and receivables were a seasonal low in the second quarter, and then you'll see receivables grow and the loss rate kind of flatten out, maybe down back half of the year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So, I tried to hit on that, I apologize, John. With regard, you'll see a little bit of downward pressure in the second quarter, and then comes back mainly for pre-funding for growth in the back half. And the only thing that I took back and say that could potentially be a tailwind is whether or not the betas that we're assuming do not come in the way we anticipate, so they're more favorable. So, the funding costs don't go up as much that could be a tailwind.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Good morning, Betsy. So, the answer to the first part of your question, we have a peak Fed funds rate of 5.25%. So, one more effective move from here. We do have some reductions again following the forward curve towards the latter part of the year. But that has, I'd say, a very small to any consequential effect on net interest margin for the full year. With regard to your second point as you kind of think about mix of the business, I don't think you'll see issues necessarily this year with regard to mix impact on net interest margin. Most certainly, over time, I think if you think about where the geography is, to the extent health and wellness continues to grow at a rapid pace.  And you see some of the businesses that are more promotional financing growth, you may see a shift in the revenue. Profitability is exactly the same, but maybe a shift out of NIM and the way it comes through our merchant discount -- merchant discount pricing, but that's not going to be a 2023 issue.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So, our underwriting today, again, we're always making some level of refinement really around partner channel performance and whether or not we're hitting the risk-adjusted returns. So, we're constantly looking at that, and our credit team is focused on it every day. We're not taking any broad-based actions because we do not see either on vintage level performance, the vintages since the start of the pandemic, they're performing better than '18 and '19. So, they are performing well. Again, Brian talked about the consistency of our underwriting. So, we didn't kind of come on and off the gas like many other issuers do. So, when we look at the stuff that we recently put on is performing at or better than what we saw pre-pandemic. The pre-pandemic book is performing consistent with how it kind of entered the pandemic.  So, we really don't see any broad-based deterioration when you look at entry rates and flows, it's not something where we are taking what I'd say, broad-based actions, opening the box or closing the box. Again, we don't use that as really a growth lever, like some insurers do, but for us, it's going to be much more consistent. With regard to how you think about the loan growth being higher, there's two things. One, we are seeing greater utilization of our cards by consumers, and we are seeing a slightly favorable payment rate. Those two things are driving -- what was the growth in the first quarter, and we expect that to continue somewhat through the back half of -- or for the remainder of 2023. So that's how I think about the loan growth being up. Again, what you may see if you -- if the economy does slow faster, what you should see or you may see is payment rate to slow faster and then you can see purchase volume taper down a little bit. Now again, I think you have to look at dollars here because I think last year, you're going to start comping the post-Omicron period, which is a tougher comp for all of us. So again, I think about it as being more adoption and utilization of our cards. And then two, payment is driving the growth on underwriting.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. I wouldn't use the term stresses. I don't think we are seeing stresses in there. I think what we're seeing is the return to more pre-pandemic levels. And I think what you start to see is in the credit grades of the prime and super prime customers, they were well below historical averages, mainly because they benefited during the pandemic period, whether they got stimulus, lower spending, lower ability to spend. And now they're using up some of that accumulated savings, they are returning back to what I'd say, pre-pandemic levels of performance. That is on performance on payment rate, performance on spending, and performance as entry into delinquency and rolls through. So, I wouldn't say it's stress. I'd just sit there and say, you see these consumers migrating back to past behaviors. And that's across the portfolio. That's not necessarily in one set of vintages or another. So that's how I kind of think about the credit development with regard to that. With regard to delinquency performance, again, what you're seeing right now is a very favorable entry rate into delinquency, you're seeing fairly good front-end collections. The back-end collections are pretty weak because you don't have the normal flows through delinquency yet. What you'd expect to see as inter-rates rise a little bit, your front-end seats to maybe deteriorate a little bit and the back-end seats to rise as you put more volume through the collection channels. But we had not started to see that. We have not seen that yet in our performance, but that's what we expect to materialize over the coming -- remainder of 2023 and into 2024.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So, the way -- again, just to be clear, the majority of the reserve for the quarter is growth driven. There was an addition to the macroeconomic overlay that said, listen, you have banking turmoil there could be a contraction of credit some of these institutions, which will then have an effect in the economy and on to the consumer. So, we provided for that. Again, the majority of it was growth driven because the assets came in higher than our expectation. I think as long as we continue to progress on the macroeconomic assumptions, those qualitative reserves unwind and offset some of the growth-driven provisions that we'll have. So -- but again, if we track to our macroeconomic assumptions, there should not be rate-driven provisioning going forward just to be growth-driven.
Brian Wenzel: Hi. Good morning, Dom. What's interesting about CECL is, in theory, what it tells you is if you see your peak losses inside of your reasonable supportable period, in theory, you can begin to release reserves prior to peak losses, which I think is very uncommon for the industry, but that's a byproduct of CECL. So, there could be a situation where we released reserves, even though we have not gotten to big losses because you'll hit the peak and then begin to come down in that forecasting period. We haven't seen that yet. We don't contemplate that in how we look at 2023, and we'll have to get back to you as we think about 2024 and how delinquency plays out for the remainder of this year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. No, great question. We don't think the current environment changes our long-term framework getting down to that 32% to 33%, which is, I think, best in class when it comes to efficiency ratio. I think one of the things that Brian and Margaret did during the pandemic, they drove us to drive digital efficiencies in our collections and in-sourcing of other things that drove productivity. Again, the efficiency ratio was negatively impacted with the decline in interest and fee yield. But again, as we drive those efficiencies and get operating leverage, and Brian and I are committed to delivering operating leverage as we step through the periods, that should bring us back into that long-term framework. And again, if the macro environment gets tougher, I think the investments we've made digitally with regard to our collection activities, but across our entire business, we'll help to bolster that where we can control expenses. This would be a very different play than what happened back in a great financial crisis, where you do a lot about that and just started calling people that that's not what would happen even under any form of recession.
Brian Wenzel: Thanks, David. Why don't I take that question? We did submit our capital plan. It went through our same process. We actually included some additional stresses given some of the developments in the first quarter into that capital plan, it was approved by our Board, and we submitted it to our regulators on target with past years.  Again, they go through that and provide what we believe will be a non-objection to that. That non-objection can come anywhere from later this month into May based upon their timing and how long it takes to get through that. So, we don't anticipate, given the capital plan and what we put in it that anything to read into that other than they're just working through their process, and we'll be back probably later April in May to kind of as soon as we get it, we'll let people know through that. With regard to the magnitude of it, unfortunately, I can't really comment until we get our non-objection from our regulators.
