Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause the actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the Company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. On the call this morning are Margaret Keane, Brian Wenzel, and Brian Doubles. I will now turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask the participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have and we hope you have a great day. 
Margaret Keane: Thanks Greg. Good morning, everyone. When we last spoke the world was facing a global crisis and broad economic disruption. Sadly, while we saw some bright spots and again reopening here in the U.S. we’ve seen a resurgence of the COVID-19 virus causing continued disruption to our lives, businesses and economy.  In addition, following more senseless loss of life within the black community, our country is awakening to the need to meaningfully address racial injustice and equality. Both challenges are difficult, emotional and take hard work to address. I am proud of how Synchrony continues to successfully manage through these extraordinarily challenging times.  Our decisions are guided by putting people first. With COVID, we are focused on the health and safety of our employees and their families, providing support for our customers, and helping our partners get back up and running.  In the fight for equality, we are implementing new actions to increase diverse employee talent at all levels, grow business relationships with diversified and small businesses, investing in diverse markets, and working with our partners, customers and employees to address deeply rooted gender and racial inequality.  With our values as our guide, we are resolute in addressing these challenges and emerging a better company and country.  Now I will turn to the second quarter results on Slide 3. Earnings were $48 million or $0.06 per diluted share. This included an increase in provision for credit losses as a result of the CECL implementation this year, which was $483 million or $365 million after tax and reduced EPS by $0.63.  The pandemic has impacted results this quarter. Brian will provide details on the trends later in the call and I will provide a high-level overview here.  On a core basis which excludes Walmart and Yamaha portfolio, the impact of COVID-19 drove a 3% decrease in loan receivables, a 7% decrease in interest and fees a 13% decrease in purchase volume and a 5% decrease in average active accounts. The efficiency ratio was 36.3% for the quarter.  As a result of our liquidity and funding strategy, in response to the COVID-19 impact in our balance sheet, deposits were down $1.5 billion or 2% versus last year. This includes a strategic decision to slow overall deposit growth, given the excess liquidity we have. We have held direct deposits at last year’s level of $53 billion. Our direct deposit platform remains an important funding source and we will continue to focus assets to make our bank attractive to depositors. As we navigate the day-to-day of this new environment in which we all find ourselves, we are also acutely focused on the future of our business.  During the quarter, we expanded several programs and added new partnerships, which you can see on the slide. We also executed a successful launch of the new Verizon program. We are very proud of this program and we work closely with Verizon to create a unique, robust rewards program for their customers that use simple and easy tools to apply, buy and service the Verizon Visa cards.  This card includes a compelling value proposition giving consumer wireless customers the ability to save on their monthly Verizon bills through rewards or on everyday purchases and freedom to use those rewards for its Verizon purchases including bill payment and latest phones and accessories.  For that, the Verizon Visa card is truly responsive to what consumers right now, a contactless, frictionless and digital-first experience. We are alsoexcited about our new program with Venmo and continue to partner with them to launch their new programs, which we anticipate will occur later this year. During the quarter, we also returned $128 million in capital through common stock dividends.  We are pleased with the strength of our business and we are well positioned to continue to help our cardholders and partners navigate through these challenging times. We continue to remain highly focused on digital innovation, accelerating our data analytics capabilities and creating frictionless customer experiences which are key to the success of our programs and winning new partnerships.  I am going to turn the call over to Brian Doubles to discuss some of the key highlights in this area. 
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up and then we'll open the call for Q&A. As we have said, the ultimate impact from this crisis remains difficult to quantify right now. So I will reiterate that we believe we have an advantageous position to navigate this unprecedented pandemic.  We are well positioned from a credit perspective given changes we have made since the financial crisis in addition to some of the more surgical modifications we’ve made in recent years and that we continue to make considering the current operating environment. We have a partner-centric business model and agile approach to all our operations and investments.  Our digital capabilities and asses has helped us win important digital partners and our another vital tool to help our partnership fall into online and mobile channels. We are focused on execution today with an eye towards the future, making investments, building capabilities, launching programs and making the fundamental changes necessary to emerge from this pandemic in a stronger position.  Thank you for participating on the call today. And I hope you and your family stay healthy and safe. I’ll now turn the call back to Greg to open the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So I’d say, there is really three parts, right. The retail card, Payment Solutions and CareCredit. I’d say, in each case, each platforms operating fairly well. We’ve really tried to stay highly engaged and close to our partners throughout this process. So, as we mentioned, we were able to launch Verizon which, I joke here around with the first launch in a pandemic. That launch went extraordinarily smooth in terms of the execution of the launch.  Now obviously, Verizon is still working through how they open all their stores. So, what Brian talked to earlier about our ability to be fully digital, I think it was a big win for us, because we’ve been able to launch and have a successful launch and feel good about the program and its growth trajectory given the environment we are in right now.  I’d say on Venmo, there is a lot of work going on. Obviously, we’ve had to switch to everything being agile and virtual and that process has really been phenomenal and the teams are executing that plan and as you know, in both cases we are really trying to make this experience a fully digital, integrated experience for the consumer, which I think lessens the burden on brick and mortar as we continue to fluctuate between, what’s open and what’s closed.  So we feel positive about that. And in trying that, we are originating the right accounts. We’ve put a lot of work into the front-end of our business on fraud, because that is one area that, I think everyone in the business is seeing a lot of pressure on and we feel good about the tools and techniques that we’ve been able to put in place to really launch this program.  So, that’s really on the retail card side. I’d say on Payment Solutions and CareCredit, couple of things. We are working very closely with these partners. We actually held a number of seminars and halts particularly in our CareCredit business helping the offices reopen we’ve shared our plans. We had the folks that are working on the reopening of our offices, although we haven’t reopened any yet.  Part of the things that we have put in place, the procedures, and so, what we are trying to do is integrate in such a way that we are helping them deal with the pressure they have to deal with as they come back online, as well as ensuring that we are providing them with additional tools that they are going to need as they shift from totally brick and mortar to more online, particularly in our Payment Solution platform.  We have a whole team there working on a new digital POS for that platform which we think will be a big win as we end the year, beginning of next year. So, one of the things we’ve done is set back strategically and really look at what we were working on.  And really have doubled down really across the whole digital aspects of our business to ensure both digitally and from a data perspective we are helping those partners as they continue to reopen and deal with some of the ins and outs of closing and opening and making sure we can deliver from a digital perspective for their consumers. So, highly integrated, lots of conversations, and feeling really good about our performance so far. 
Margaret Keane: I’d say, what’s been amazing as the teams were able to execute these deals in the middle of the pandemic when many of these institutions are having a lot of challenges themselves. So, that goes to the show the relationships that we’ve felt pretty in our credibility in the industry so far of us being able to engage at that level during this period. 
Margaret Keane: Yes, I think I was really referring to the fact that, we definitely have seen our assets shrink a bit and as a result of that, it’s what Brian talked about, we are going to have to do a reset of expenses and align ourselves. So that we keep the return of the business in the area that we like.  I think, it’s - like any difficult situation, I think people rise the occasion and we are able to really just step back and say, okay, coming out of this, how do we want to make sure we are set up for the future.  And I think the fact that we’ve been around for 90 years and spent a lot, we are positioned that way. But I think particularly as we move more digital, we are going to have to make sure our resources are aligned to align with that digital transformation that we continue to make.  And so, I think we are really looking at all the levers inside our business to ensure things don’t get away from us and that we are really coming out of this in a way that we have the right partners, the right program, the right digital experience and capabilities building out our data that we’ve been continuing to do. And then in trying that, the returns on our business continue to deliver for our shareholders. 
Margaret Keane: Look, I think, one thing we all know is the consumer going into this was pretty strong, right. So, and I think what we are seeing and we are even seeing this in deposits rate, consumers have more cash, they are hoarding more cash and they are paying their bills. Now, I think the big caveat in all of this, Don, is really what happens with when the stimulus ends which is they won’t have incentive if they don’t come up with a new plan.  What is that new stimulus and then how quickly do people get back to work? And I think, that’s the fact that where I have to say I’ve been around the business for forty years. I don’t think any of us would have expected to see what is happening - happening in terms of delinquencies. I think we are kind of a bit surprised and thought there would definitely be more pressure there.  So I think we have to really see the third and fourth quarter to really understand what’s the next phase of stimulus? How does that play out? And I do think we are anticipating more job loss. I think what we’ve seen so far is, the things that are connected to travel, entertainment, restaurants, things like that, but I think, every company is stepping back and looking at their own cost structures and how does that play into it.  So, I think we are trying to be cautious about this, because if you just look at how we are doing today, we should be padding ourselves on the back of saying all things look great.  But I think the reality is there is more to come and we just have to be ready for that and that’s really what we are trying to ensure we are doing both from an underwriting perspective, and trying we are reserving properly and then the third area of really taking a hard look at expenses to make sure we are positioned right as we come out of this. 
Margaret Keane: Yes. Now, I think, I’d say, all of them are performing well. We – they perform no differently than the overall book. I would say, particularly we are seeing a lot of strength in HOME. I am sure many of you have seen that Home seems to be where people are spending their money. And so, we are definitely seeing good take up and people buying furniture, home improvement and alike.  So, both our Home Card and our partners that deal in the Home are definitely seeing a lot of strength. CarCare is a little different in that. The actual car part is fine, but when gas isn’t down, but that’s starting to pick up as people start driving more. But it’s still not to a level of where people were driving pre-pandemic.  But I’d day, overall from a credit perspective and origination perspective, and utilization perspective, we feel really good about all of those programs and we’ll continue to look to grow them. 
Brian Wenzel: Thanks, Brian, and good morning, everyone. Allow me to briefly echo what Margaret said earlier about the dual crisis facing our nation. We are determined to keep our employees safe, and help our partners and customers be successful during this time. We’ve been more committed to driving meaningful change in the fight for racial equality inside our company and in the communities which we serve and live.  With a backdrop of unprecedented uncertainty and volatility, I had never been proud our company and our people, the values we live by and our commitment to inclusion that is the heart of who we are.  Now turning to our financial results for the second quarter. I'll start on Slide 5 of the presentation. First, I want to cover some of the trends we are seeing from the impact of COVID-19 from a purchase volume standpoint, and so as important to provide an update on performance of accounts who received forbearance. Slide 5 shows year-over-year purchase volume growth for the total company for the quarter, as well as purchase volume by sales platform dating back to January. Purchase volume growth was strong for the total company and by platform with double-digit growth from January through mid-March.  In the second half of March, as government restrictions increased, travel, entertainment and event activity were significantly curtailed and a high number of non-essential retail stores closed. There was also a significant curtailment of elective healthcare services. As a result, purchase volume declined significantly, decreasing as much as 31% in the first half of April for the total company.  In looking at the full month of April by sales platform, retail card declined 21%, Payment Solutions declined 41% and CareCredit declined 60%. CareCredit was impacted the most with the significant decrease in spending for elective and planned procedures in dental and medical services during this period.  Retail card performed better due to higher concentration of the digital volume, as well as having programs that benefited from an increase in spending for essential products such as grocery, supplies and home-related expenditures.  As consumers became more comfortable on their stay at home orders and initial reopening phases in May and June occurred, we saw a recovery in purchase volume as we moved through the second quarter. In the second half of June, overall purchase volume increased 3% over the prior year and each of the three sales platforms saw a significant recovery in purchase volume from the April trough.  Looking to some of the other key business drivers for the quarter, new accounts declined 36%, and purchase volume by account declined 8% reflecting the impact of the crisis as well as underwriting actions we took as the pandemic’s impact progressed through the quarter.  We did see a 4% increase in the average balance per account due to a combination of portfolio mix from our digital and retail partners, as well as lower than usual volume in new accounts. While we are encouraged by these trends, there is a tremendous amount of uncertainty which lies ahead when the stimulus measures and industry-wide forbearance actions abate. However, our business mix, including a strong digital component, as well as diversification in segments being positioned to benefit from spend in areas such as home-related expenditures, as well as veterinary services will likely dampen some of the effects of the economic downturn. The ultimate impact is still largely uncertain given the duration and magnitude of the pandemic is still largely unknown at this point.  Moving to Slide 6, we highlight the impact and performance of accounts that were granted forbearance compared to accounts not in forbearance. Through June 30, we’ve granted forbearance to a cumulative total of approximately 1.7 million accounts or a $3.2 billion in account balances at the time of forbearance.  We have seen nearly 70% of these accounts leave forbearance through June 30 bringing approximately 500,000 accounts or $1.1 billion in account balances remaining in forbearance.  Through mid-July, these numbers have been relatively stable. Of the accounts that are enrolled in forbearance, 92% were either current or less than 30 days past due, so a relatively small number of accounts for 30 plus days past due. When you look at some of the performance characteristics, you will see trends that are not surprising. Credit line utilization is higher and payment rates are lower.  In terms of impact on financial performance, in total, we have weighed $47 million in APs and $20 million in interest through the end of the second quarter. From a trend perspective, we are seeing a substantial decline in the number of accounts enrolling in forbearance from a peak in late March to early April, where we saw nearly 40,000 accounts enrolling per day, this dropped to less than 10,000 per day in June. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes, great. Good morning, Sanjay. So, first, if you start out with volume, again, we saw positive trends as we move through the quarter from troughing in the early part of April through a plus 3% in end part of June, I’d say, as we moved into July, we are probably about a negative 2% which kind of reflects some of the uncertainty and volatility.  But I would say, right now, it’s generally in the plus or minus 2% to 3% and we think about that trend really as a bit uncertain as we move through the quarter and how the pandemic and the effects on the economy move forward.  Payment rate has continued to be strong, but obviously, as you think about that from a stimulus perspective and an industry-wide forbearance perspective, they may burn off here which will ultimately hopefully bring down the payment rate.  So, as we think about receivable growth, it is a little bit uncertain as we have multiple factors going different ways. If you think about the margin of the business, really we think this is probably a trough as receivables have moved down close to $5 billion sequentially quarter-to-quarter. We try to burn off as much as that liquidity as we can. We’ll continue to try to burn that off.  So the impact that we saw in the quarter which was just from the higher liquidity, the 113 basis points, that should begin to burn off here in the third quarter and again as we move through into the fourth quarter and it’s really next year, the forbearance impact of 24 basis points shouldn’t for the most part be burned off here in the third quarter now.  So, I think from a margin perspective, we’ve kind of hit that bottom and we’ll trend up from there. With regard to credit, obviously, we’ve been strong in credit. Delinquencies are 90 basis points better ex Walmart. They haven’t really been impacted on forbearance and we could talk about that later, but forbearance hasn’t had that impact. It’s really when we start to see those trends move through.  So I think from a charge-off perspective, we don’t expect to see charge-offs really rise here, maybe in the latter part of 2020, but more into the first half of 2021. The expenses, we are going to again continue to really take an active approach to manage some of the discretionary expenses.  As I outlined in our prepared remarks, we are taking a comprehensive review of expenses and really looking more structural things in order to get more cost out really to reflect the change in the platforms as a percent of mix, in our portfolio mix.  So we would expect to come back with the source of actions that we can really undertake in the latter part 2020 into 2021 to reduce the expenses and get that efficiency ratio back to where it would normally run. So, again, I think there is some positives here coming out, but more certainly, the uncertainty relative to purchase volume and really payment behavior patterns are the key for us in the back half of the year. 
Brian Wenzel: Sure. Sure. Let me start with the macro assumptions, Sanjay. So we – we run multiple economic scenarios and really formulate a base case and then we have a couple of downside scenarios and what I’d say is an upside scenario. So, to just ground ourselves, when we looked at the first quarter, we used a model that essentially had unemployment peaking in the second quarter around 10%.  But again, as I said the important parts are really where you exit 2021 and 2022 where we had our employment really at the end of 27% and then 4.5% in 2022. Obviously, if you look at assumption today, they have deteriorated from that March 31st date. So what we have done is, we stepped off and we took the Moody’s baseline model as our starting point.  Even though they did some revisions in June and July that were slightly positive that we stay with the Moody’s baseline. And then effectively, what we did is, we modeled on to that unemployment. We essentially redistributed unemployment to take into account, forbearance to take in account stimulus.  So, at the end of the year, when you think about our unemployment exiting 2020 it’s 11.5%, 9.3% in 2021 and 6.4% in 2022 and we don’t really get back to an unemployment rate under 5% until 2023. So, I think as you think about how we thought about the macroeconomic environment, we thought about a slower recovery with potentially a greater impact on unemployment.  The key thing for us will be how that unemployment really develops and whether or not you see a greater, what I would call higher income unemployment come into the mix later in the year as you move maybe out some lower income people. So that will be a variable.  As you think about the reserve build, then it really comes down to – for us, a platform mix, because obviously, we have platforms that attract the higher CECL reserve in CareCredit and Payment Solutions.  So, some of this is going to be mix related. So, under CECL, we expect the reserves to be elevated on a normal basis. So, again, I think we’ve taken the best guess in the macroeconomic environment as it stands today. But it’s really going to go back into delinquency formation, and loss formation as we exit 2020. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes, Moshe, the only thing I’d add in the CareCredit platform, we have exciting announcement of Advent Health.  So, when you look at the health systems component, not only do we have in our Kaiser Permanente, Cleveland Clinic, Advent, the ability to get into the path there and to really help our consumers as they manage their medical bills in this point time is terrific and we are building a really different type of network in that business and working closely with them in order to get that up and running with a handful of other really good health systems across the country. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes, Moshe, I think, it is very difficult to kind of refer that rate, because we haven’t seen any of the trended data really come through and it’s going to really dictate where we see some of the pressure build and certainly when you think about our CareCredit and Payment Solutions, those are longer dated assets with promotional financing.  Obviously, we can control the origination on the front-end of that, but that book will take a longer period of time. I think the positive thing is that if you look at the retail card book, obviously, we guided it the Walmart portfolio which has a higher loss content and really have gotten into, what I’d say is some faster growing, more stable portfolio.  And I think when you look at the FICO mix, our FICO mix for the first quarter now, on a sub-660 basis is 300 basis points better at only 24% that total. So, we feel good about where we are. I think hopefully, we use the macroeconomic assumptions that are hopefully the worst case. But again, we will continue to monitor those as we move forward.  So, until we see some of that trended data and the delinquency formation happen, it is a little bit tough to give you that guidance for 2021 at this point. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Great, John. So, let me start with the forbearance impact. I think tried to give you some color really with regard to the accounts that went into forbearance. So the accounts entering only 8% were delinquent at the time they went into forbearance and while they had higher credit line utilization and payment rate, what we have seen is, as they come off forbearance, and they performed a little bit worse since then their kind of cohorts in the portfolio, but not dramatically worse.  So, they have roughly a three times entry into delinquency. But when you look at the accounts that come off forbearance and look at the amount that’s already in our delinquency, less than six basis points is in delinquency today relating to accounts that were in forbearance and if you took that whole 8% and roll that through, it’s less than 20 basis points.  So forbearance has not had an impact for the $2 billion that has rolled out at this point. Obviously, we’ll have to see how that develops. We are in the early stages with those accounts, really performing off of the program. But we are encouraged by the number of people that, the 8% that’s paid in full and the 61% that are continuing to make payments. So, I think forbearance for us clearly has benefited our cardholders.  What’s unknown to us is, is the forbearance they are receiving in total from industry-wide participants. So that will be an effect. So, as you think about the reserve provisioning in the quarter, the vast majority of this is the deterioration of the macroeconomic assumptions that we put into our model. There were some qualitative that we put out for forbearance, but it’s not a large part of the reserve builds. 
Brian Wenzel: Sure, Betsy. So, obviously, we haven’t provided any specific guidance, mainly because some of the unknown is really related to credit. But as I think about a framework how should think about the RSA back half of this year and really into 2021, the first is the program performance.  So, how the long receivables really developed here and more importantly, how the net interest margin kind of comes back and how it develops as you begin to see delinquency developing obviously our partner share in that that revenue side of the equation. Obviously, credit cost will factor in more likely in 2021.  So you will see probably an increased benefit continue in the back half of the year from a net credit write-off perspective through the RSA. As you think about the reserve provisioning, which is probably the larger wildcard here, unfortunately, what you see is, first of all a platform mix issue, right, so.  So far we have booked probably more of the CECL benefit really sitting in CareCredit and Payment Solutions given they attract a higher CECL reserve provisioning given the length and nature of those assets.  Inside the retail card portfolio, it’s ultimately going to come down to the mix of partners that flow in there. As we know, you have some partners that share in the reserves, some partners that don’t share in the reserve. And unfortunately as we sit here today, we are just making estimates with regard to how the delinquency formation works and how that will go into the loss content as we build into 2021.  So they are some variable pieces here. So, I think there is a little bit of timing where the impact to the RSA may be delayed. But we really have to see where those two move from a reserve perspective, but again, we hope to be moving forward on a NIM perspective and charge-offs to put a little upward pressure on the RSA from just a performance before you think about reserves. 
Brian Wenzel: But the thing I would add and just not to get lost in this, when you think about the sequential decline in average loan receivables, it sound over – almost $5.7 billion.  So, clearly, we are trying to make sure that we understand where the depth of that could be in that that we react and I think when you think about the efficiency ratio in the quarter, when you strip out more of the – some of the operational losses in COVID-19 response, we are at a 33 I think .6% efficiency ratio.  So, we want to get that back in line with where we can continue to deliver a higher ROA business. So that’s really what I think is driving it. And hopefully, here we’ll have to see how the sales play out as we move through the back half of the year. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes, the only thing I would add, Don, the book is fundamentally different than it was a year ago, more certainly if you work backwards in time with Walmart kind of coming out, when you think about the portfolio, the fact today that we’ll only have 24% of the book below 660 down 300 basis points from the first quarter.  Clearly, the effects of stimulus and forbearance – industry wide forbearance has driven our payment rate. Our payment rate was 15.60 for the quarter up 83 basis points year-over-year. So, people are paying down the debt.  The good news is, because we’ve migrated credit, we are seeing better performance and ultimately, Margaret hit on the point is, as unemployment does develops and you get back to what our estimate will be towards the end of the year is there a fundamental rotation in there that will give you a different outcome.  We are anticipating that. I think we are executing our credit enhancements around that. But again, we’ll have to see how that develops. But I think it goes to a testament to how we modified the book from GFC. And then, really the tools, the data elements are a reason to managing the book today that hopefully drives credit in a fundamentally positive way as we move into this recession. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Rick. As you think about it, I think the historical norm does have Walmart and it does have some other things. So, you have to almost adjust that the start of it, the strength of the consumer and the change in the underlying portfolio as you look forward. So, most certainly, we are very sensitive to the duration of the impact of it’s more prolonged than we think than most certainly it would be.  But when we look at our stress result team, if you go back to where we published back in 2018, they are better ex Walmart. So, I do think that and I think when you think about this quarter, the fact that we’ve had such a large decrease in our receivables, there is a pretty big volume after. So the rate part of the provision is up significantly in the quarter.  So – but again, it’s going to be – you hit on it. It’s going to be really how that curve develops out and whether or not just the fundamental mix shift inside the unemployment where we are thinking. 
Brian Wenzel: Yes. It’s a great question and I think we’ve tried to model some of that, but ultimately, because we are seeing a strengthening of credit as we move forward and really a strengthening of credit even inside of the credit grades. It’s difficult to ultimately predict that. So we’ve put some level of estimate in. It’s just subject to a lot of uncertainty.  Now there is a lot of – as we all read, the indications that there are going to be large number of lay-offs n some of these higher income jobs, but until we actually see that, and what builds in our portfolio, it is somewhat difficult. But we put some estimate in for how we think the portfolio performs as we move forward. But that is just a risk factor ultimately how it develops. 
