Greg Ketron: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session, so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible. [Operator Instructions] Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Thanks everyone for joining us this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap-up and then will open the call for Q&A. We generated strong results this quarter as our focus on organic growth, program renewals, strategic partnerships, forward-thinking technology investments and actionable data analytics continue to be key factors in our success. We are pleased with the significant number of renewals and extensions we have generated over the last several quarters. We are making investments that create value for our partners and a better more seamless experience for our cardholders. And we're maintaining our focus on delivering value for our shareholders. To that end, we returned $1.1 billion in capital through 966 million of share repurchases and a $0.21 per share quarterly dividend. Additionally, we remain focused on deploying capital through continued organic growth and program acquisitions. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. So, first I'd say it's performing exactly like we thought it would perform and so both in terms of growth, in terms of delinquency, in terms of overall performance. So again we feel pretty happy about how the overall portfolio is performing. They are servicing the accounts now until we convert to our system, which will happen in June. And once that conversion happens it will be on our system. I don't anticipate a big shift in the performance of the portfolio because they're following our direction in terms of how to do it today and they're pretty good at what they do anyway. So I don't really see anything there. I think, obviously, we probably could get a little bit of cost leverage out of the cost part of this just because of our scale.
Margaret Keane: Yes sure. So, we see CareCredit as a big opportunity for us. Obviously, health care payments and general continue to go up for consumers and CareCredit really gives you the opportunity to segment those costs. And so what we've really been building out is a couple of things. One, continuing to grow the core by winning new partnerships; two, expanding the utility of the card so things like Walgreens is an example of that where we allow customers to buy outside of the -- the office they bought in but use that card in a Walgreens. And we are seeing really nice traction there. And then the third area we're really looking at is expanding into other verticals that we are not in today. So, last year alone we expanded into 25 different health care verticals. The one thing I would say is we never really want to be in a position where we are making some kind of credit decision related to health care life and death situations or anything like that. This is really all about those procedures that are elective procedures where consumers want to segregate that part of their expense. And so I would say we expect to continue to see really nice growth in CareCredit and we are looking at ways to really accelerate that growth in the verticals we are in today and verticals we're looking to expand into. So, pretty excited.
Margaret Keane: No. I don't believe any of them are. I think it's important to note that even if a retailer's sales are off, in most cases our credit card program is two times -- two to three times what the retailer sales are because our customer base that have the cards are the most loyal customers. And as retailers look to bring sales back into the store, obviously the card becomes a really big driver of that performance. So we have not seen deterioration in that way.
Margaret Keane: I think the other piece that's important to note is the digital aspect. As we continue to build out the digital capabilities with our partners and that becomes an even bigger part of the channel, we are able to offset maybe some of the in-store traffic falloff with the omni-channel approach. And we know that if a customer buys mobilely and in store, they're the best customer. They tend to come back over and over. So we continue to use that data analytics to help our partners really grow those sales and continue to expand our digital capability.
Margaret Keane: I can kind of give you overall -- yes I can give you overall like mobile growth. So we said this quarter, we grew 37% on application growth versus the same quarter of last year. 48% of our applications are now occurring digitally, which is continues to grow and be a big part. So one of the things we see is customers before they even go to shop or actually applying through their mobile app or online to get the cards, obviously the value props are really important in this too in terms of how we work with our partners to get those value props in place. And in Retail Card, we had -- 37% of the sales were online sales. So again, this is a channel that continues to grow. We continue to grow really nicely in the digital sales. So again, we're pretty happy about the performance and expect that to continue to grow.
A – Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure Sanjay. So let me take your middle question first and just confirm what you said that the Walmart reserve release did not run through the RSA. So that was not a driver in terms of the quarter and what we recorded. The largest driver of that year-over-year increase in the RSA was really the lower core reserve build. We also saw a better overall performance in many of our programs, so that also pushed the rate up compared to the prior year. So program mix was a driver. And then, as you think about the balance of the year, now that our expectation is that core reserve build goes back into what we would consider a normal growth-driven reserve build in that $100 million to $150 million range, so that will bring that RSA percentage back down. We still expect the RSA to hit a seasonal high point in the third quarter, so no real change to that expectation. And then when you look at the balance of the year, we still expect it to be in the 4.0% to 4.2% range, so no change to what we communicated back in January. And then just on the movement on the oil and gas portfolios from retail credit to Payment Solutions. So really the idea there was now that the auto network, we're seeing really good growth there. Those cards can be used for gas now, but there is some real synergies in putting those programs together just strategically. And so that was really the rationale for the move. It did depress the purchase volume numbers in Payment Solutions a little bit year-over-year, so we reported 4% growth in purchase volume in Payment Solutions. If you adjust that for oil and gas purchase, volume would have been up 8%, so very much in line with receivables.
A – Brian Doubles: The only thing I would add is you're seeing outsized growth in the first half year related to PayPal just because we didn't have it the first half last year. That will be comping against similar periods with PayPal in the second half of the year and that's why we expect the growth rate to come down into that 5% to 7% range. But as Margaret said, we're still seeing really good growth on PayPal.
A – Brian Doubles: Yes I would say we're on track with what we communicated back when we made the announcement on Walmart. So we got very detailed plans. We're executing those across the business. If you just look at expenses more broadly, they were up 6% compared to the prior year. But that was really entirely driven by the PayPal Credit portfolio and the fact that we brought that on. If you exclude PayPal the program -- and exclude PayPal, the expenses were flat year-over-year. So that really is reflective of the fact that we're able to do some restructuring on certain areas of the business ahead of the Walmart portfolio sale later this year. So I think we feel pretty good about the cost takeout. The majority of the costs related to Walmart will come out after the portfolio moves later this year. Obviously, we're very focused on continuing to support that program. We're focused on ensuring a smooth transition. So the majority of those costs stay in place until the portfolio moves. So you really see the full benefit of the cost takeout in 2020.
Brian Doubles: Yeah, Rick I wouldn't build anything in specific to PayPal. I mean we've -- just go through account what we have said in the past on PayPal. Obviously it runs at a slightly higher delinquency net charge-off profile. We did build in some APR increases to address that. And net-net you get back to a very similar return to that program relative to the rest of the portfolio. Seasonality and things like that look pretty similar. So there's nothing I would highlight specific to PayPal you should think about differently.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. So, we rolled those APR changes out earlier and they're going to bleed in over, I would say the balance of this year but into probably the first half of next year before we really feel the benefit of those. So right now if you look at the yield on the overall company, it was down a little over 20 basis points year-over-year. If you exclude PayPal, which does run at a lower yield than the overall business, yields would have actually been up slightly year-over-year. So that APR lift hasn't worked its way through the yield yet. You'll really see that towards the end of this year and into 2020.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. That is great question. So we haven't put a range out there. Obviously, CECL will result in an increase to the level of the reserves just given we move from that incurred model to a lifetime coverage. We are currently running in parallel. We are working through some of the big areas of implementation like the life of a revolving product the payment allocation methodologies and things like that. There's some discussion out there that reserves are going to double for all credit card portfolio that is not our expectation. So, I would expect we'll probably put out a range most likely in the third quarter after we've run in parallel for a period of time. And then as you correctly highlighted the big open question on all this is how do the regulators view our capital going forward. In theory, the more reserves you set aside, you should need less capital for unexpected losses. But we're working through that with the regulators right now. In terms of the RSAs, we actually -- we factor in the RSAs in all of our stress tests they're built into our models. So, we do get credit for that buffering effect that the RSAs have in a stress scenario. So, we do factor that in. It is part of our stress testing models and our capital plans.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So, I would say a couple of things. First, when we look at our deposit beta it's actually been a little bit better than we expected through the rate cycle so far. So, our beta has been around 50%. That includes the period last year where we were pre-funding PayPal. During that time period, we were very competitive on rates. Just given some of the trends we are seeing so far this year as well as the fact that we don't have to pre-fund a large portfolio, we're actually hoping we won't need to be as competitive on rate this year. We've actually seen really strong deposit growth so far this year and we haven't moved our rates at all. So, look I think we expect to pay slightly higher betas than the norm. But with all that said it doesn't change our view that deposits are still our most attractive source of funds for the business.
Brian Doubles: Yes. The only thing I would add is look you can always have -- quarter-to-quarter, you can have some movement in any of these partnerships. But to Margaret's point, if you look over the long term whether its one year or two years, we are taking -- we're gaining penetration in all of our big programs and we feel pretty good about our position.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So like I said, we reviewed and the Board approved our plan. We submitted that to the regulators late March. So that's very much in line with what we did last year. So if you look at the last two years, we announced something around mid-May, so that would be our hope. Obviously, we don't control that entire process. But at least on our side, what we've done is try to follow a very similar process with both the Board and our regulators. So we're hopeful that we have a similar result this year in terms of timing.
