Greg Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today’s press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company’s performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today’s call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible. I’d like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow-up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us on a conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. So we hope you have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I’ll close with a recap of our strategic priorities that we continue to focus on to drive value to our partners, cardholders and shareholders. A top priority is to continue to execute across our three sales platforms: building upon our capabilities in marketing, analytics, loyalty and digital and mobile technology. We expect to continue to drive organic growth and we’ll evaluate potential new programs with appropriate risk adjusted returns. We will make investments necessary to expand the utility of our card and work with our partners to deliver innovative ideas and attractive value propositions to drive card usage. We will continue to invest in next-generation data, analytics and technology offerings and leverage SKU in category level data to help drive an even higher level of engagement with our customers. Digital and mobile technologies will also remain a top investment priority as the market moves more to these channels, as well as investing in the talent to help develop and drive these capabilities. Our banking platform remains an important funding source, and as such, we will continue to broaden our products and capabilities. We will also continue to explore new opportunities to leverage our expertise and product offerings in areas where we may not have traditionally had meaningful penetration, such as the travel and entertainment space. It remains paramount that we operate our business with a strong balance sheet and financial profile. We have proven our ability to do this and it will remain a top priority for us in the future. We expect to support our business model with diverse and stable funding. We also expect to maintain strong capital and liquidity to support our operations, business growth, credit rating and regulatory targets. Finally, we will continue to leverage our strong capital position. Our capital priorities are first and foremost organic growth and program acquisitions. Second, capital return to dividends and share repurchases. And lastly, M&A that helps us enhance our capabilities to support growth. Synchrony continues to be well-positioned for long-term growth, and we look forward to driving further value for our partners, cardholders and shareholders in 2018.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So, Sanjay, it’s Margaret. How are you? I think, the two areas where we’re looking to make an investment is really on our employees and our communities. In terms of investing in the business, we actually have a lot of growth initiatives already built into our plans for those already accounted for. And I don’t know, Brian, if you would add anything else.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So, I think that competitive environment has been pretty much the same. We expect 2018 to be the same as 2017. I think, probably for us what we’re very focused on is our renewals. I can’t comment on any particular one. But what I would tell you is that, our teams are well entrenched in our partners and working every single day to work on those renewals and working hard to really focus on what our partners need. So, we feel pretty good about the pipeline. We felt pretty good about the competitive environment, and we’re investing to make sure we’re meeting our partners’ needs, and that’s really what we’re focused on.
Margaret Keane: Sure. Sure, so I would say that online sales were up 15% year-over-year and that growth is in line with where the industry is now, which is about 15%. I would say, one of the real positive is, we continue to see some really good sales penetration in our retail card business, which was up 26%, 1.5% over the prior quarter. So we continue to stay very focused on this and driving volume through the mobile and digital channels.
Margaret Keane: I think, our partners are very cognizant of the fact that they don’t want to put credit in hands of people that can handle it. And we work very closely with them in many cases, almost all cases, their names are on the cards. So we work very closely with them and we are not getting any pushback on credit. They work closely with us and again, we all want to be responsible here, including our partners.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure, Sanjay. So, look, we generally say that credit is trending exactly in line with our expectations. We gave you an outlook of 5.5% to 5.8% for 2018. Based on all of the trends that we’re seeing, the pace of normalization will flow and will moderate as we move through the year very consistent with our prior view. The only small tweak that we made was to factor in slightly lower receivables growth. So just due to some of the underwriting refinements that we made, we took down growth just slightly and that does have an impact on the rate. But when we look at the vintages, as we noted earlier, 2017 vintage performing better than 2016, it’s more in line with 2015. We have seen a change in the mix on sales. We highlighted just in the fourth quarter that sales are down in that below 660 FICO range. But we’re still seeing really good growth in the 720-plus range, sales, they were up 10%. So, again, very much in line with our expectations. The only small tweak was to moderate the growth rate a bit on the core business starting in 2018.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I’d say generally, Sanjay, look, we’re very focused on using this benefit in a way that drives real value for our shareholders. I think, that’s our primary objective. We’re able to do some things for employees, a little bit more on charitable contributions. The impact there is pretty modest, it’s included in our outlook. And then, as Margaret said, we’re always looking at where we can make additional investments in the business. But when we look at that, look, we’re fully funding most of the growth initiatives today that meet our return hurdles. So anything additional there from our perspective right now would be pretty marginal.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Moshe, look, it’s a good question. I think, we would clearly expect that to moderate as we head into 2018. What you’re seeing really and you saw a little bit of it in the third quarter and the fourth quarter is really the cumulative impact of those underwriting refinements that we made starting in the second-half of 2016. So you’re starting to see that come to the books. So when you look at – and I should just comment that, we’re still booking plenty of sales between 600 and 660 FICO. That’s still a great segment for us. We’re still booking profitable volume at attractive returns there. It’s just when you compare it to what we were doing a year ago, it’s down.
Brian Doubles: Slightly. So I would think about it continuing for a couple of more quarters, hard to predict exactly. We’re constantly going in and making these refinements based on where we’re seeing the returns and where we’re seeing the profitability.
Brian Doubles: Look, it’s obviously a great growth opportunity for us. We cannot be more excited about the program and the expanded partnership with PayPal. I think, in terms of how to think about it going forward, we’ve been very clear on 2018 what the impact is at PayPal. As you move into 2019, it’s definitely accretive from an EPS standpoint. Longer-term, the return is in line with the overall return of the business. So we really like the program. We really like the returns. It’s got a very resilient earnings profile through multiple scenarios, which is something obviously that we look for when launching a new program or expanding a partnership. So we’re…
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure, Bill. Look, great question. I think, as you pointed out, the delinquency trends did begin to moderate this quarter. So, last quarter – or I guess, third quarter year-over-year, they were up 54 basis points. We saw that come down to 35 basis point increase in the fourth quarter year-over-year. So that was in line with our expectations. It’s obviously driven by some of the tightening that we’ve done. We would expect that trend to continue. That’s part of what you saw in the reserve build coming in better than our expectations here in the fourth quarter. We’ve given you a view of what we think reserves look like in the first quarter. Clearly, for the year, we expect the reserve builds to moderate and return to being more growth-driven than they were certainly in 2017. So again, the outlook, very consistent both on credit and reserve builds to where we thought it would be earlier in the year.
Brian Doubles: Yes, that’s reasonable. I mean, if you just go back to 2017, our reserve builds for the first three quarters were in that $300 million to $350 million range per quarter. That’s come down now to the $213 million in the fourth quarter. We’re giving an outlook for the first quarter of $200 million to $225 million, so similar to the fourth quarter. And if you just kind of run that out, again, excluding PayPal, right, the core reserve builds, the expectation would be, they would moderate and be lower in 2018 compared to 2017. Then obviously, the addition of PayPal will significantly add to the reserve builds in the second-half. So the best way to think about PayPal is, we’re bringing on the portfolio most likely in the third quarter and we’re starting with a reserve of zero. So effectively, over, call it, roughly nine months, maybe 12 months, we’re going to build a full reserve under our existing methodology. So think about 14 to 15 months for a loss coverage on that and we’re going to build it over nine to 12 months. So a lot of that is going to come in, in the second-half of the year, and that’s really the driver of the $0.20 of dilution that we indicated back in November on PayPal really driven by that allowance build.
Brian Doubles: That’s a good way to think about it. So, the core net interest margin is very stable around that 16.25% range, very consistent with the 2017 rate. So core NIM is stable. And then as you start to include the impact of prefunding PayPal, that does bring the margin down a bit that funding that we’re going to bring on here in the first-half, we hold out in short-term assets until the portfolio is brought on the book. So you’ve got a combination of some negative carry on that funding. You’ve also got the impact from the larger denominator on the NIM rate. So you’ll probably see the largest impact in the second quarter before you bring the portfolio on. So I would think about NIM adjusted for PayPal closer to 16%, it could dip a little below that depending on the timing and the magnitude of the prefunding. That’s why we gave you a little bit of a conservative range 15.75% to 16%. It was really driven by the timing and the magnitude of that funding is a little bit unknown at this point.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure, Ryan. There’s a lot in there, so bring me back if I miss something. I think, in terms of the RSA, the best way to think about it is to go back to our original outlook for 2017, which was 4.4% to 4.5%, okay, 4.4% to 4.5% for the year. That that’s what I would consider more of a historical norm on the RSAs. Now, as you pointed out, we ended the year at 3.9%, right? And that was due primarily to the retailers sharing in that incremental provision expense that we had, as well as additional loyalty program expense, okay? So those two items more than offset the increase in sharing from higher margins and we also had better operating leverage year-over-year. So, look, I think, that’s obviously a good thing. That highlights one of the natural offsets to credit normalization for our business. So now as you start to think about 2018, we expect the RSAs to be in that 4.2% to 4.4% range. That reflects both the combination of strong program performance. We also expect the reserve build, as I mentioned earlier, to moderate as we move through the year. So just the construct of lower reserve builds, obviously, our partners will benefit from that. That increases the RSA payments and it puts us closer to that historical range. It doesn’t put us all the way back, but we think somewhere in the 4.2% to 4.4% range.
Brian Doubles: Yes, look, I think that drove a little bit of the build in the fourth quarter being a little bit better than our expectations. Going forward, that’s included in our outlook that reserve build will moderate and come down slightly. But the best way to think about the reserve builds in 2018 compared to 2017 is credit normalization leveling off. We will continue to book reserves for growth. We’re not going to give you a split. It’s a little bit difficult to estimate out beyond really the first quarter. But I think the important thing is that, we’ve included an outlook that as credit normalization is going to level off, you’ll see that in the reserve build. The reserve build will become more growth-driven and that’s all in line with our earlier outlook.
Brian Doubles: Yes, look, Mark, I – we tend to give you – we try to give you our best view of what we think 2018 is going to look like. Some things typically perform a little bit better. Some things come in a little bit worse. And we think, if you go back to 2017, we showed you how we performed against all the key metrics. And you also have natural offsets in the business, I think, you need to take into account. So if you just kind of walk through the 2017 performance, we saw more credit normalization than we thought we would back in January of last year, and the offset to that is lower RSAs and better margins and you get back to a very strong return. And so I think, I – with the exception of maybe margins, where given the timing of the prefunding that can drive a difference in the rate, I wouldn’t call the guidance conservative. I think, the outlook is our best view. And look, we’re obviously all focused on trying to beat those metrics where we can.
Brian Doubles: Yes, look, I would say, we are acutely aware of how expensive that prefunding is, and we are going to try and manage it as best we can. This is a very large asset that we’re going to bring on here in the third quarter. We’re going to be in regular dialogue with PayPal on timing. And when we expect to close and we’re not going to bring a $1 of funding on that we don’t have to.
Brian Doubles: And again, this is – these are modest refinements. These aren’t wholesale changes to our underwriting strategy. You’re seeing a bit of the cumulative effect on sales, but we’re not changing the overall risk profile of the portfolio.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Betsy. So, look, I think, PayPal might move us around within the range. We don’t think it changes the range for the full-year. I think, it’s a good question. Just given the PayPal portfolio does run at a higher loss rate than our portfolio in the aggregate. As you start to think about 2019 and beyond, we do expect there would be some upward bias on the rate as we move through 2019 and beyond that. But it’s a little hard to be specific that far out.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So, well, first, I would just say, we’re very comfortable with the risk profile of the PayPal portfolio. At this point, we don’t anticipate any significant changes in the way that it’s being underwritten today. We’re obviously going to leverage our underwriting analytics and our process. But we’re also going to utilize PayPal scores and some of their techniques. They’ve got a lot of really great transactional data that we can leverage. So when you combine what they’re doing today with some of our proprietary underwriting techniques and some of our models, I think, we can get even more sophisticated around how we manage the portfolio together. So…
Brian Doubles: Yes. No, we – it’s very customized by program. So we don’t air across programs, it’s very proprietary and customized for the individual programs. So what I would say on PayPal, look, we ultimately control underwriting, but we’re going to leverage the data, the tools, the expertise of both companies to make the best underwriting decisions we can.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So, on the hurricanes back in October, I think, we disclosed that hurricane impact would put us towards the higher-end of the net charge-off rate. Yes, I wouldn’t highlight really anything other than that. And then on recoveries, nothing really in the quarter, recovery pricing was pretty stable.
