Greg Ketron: Thanks, Operator. Good morning, everyone. And welcome to our third quarter earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us this morning. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty, and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause the actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer, will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now it’s my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks, Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. Operator, we are now ready to begin the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay. Thanks everyone for joining us on the conference call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The investor relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have and have a great day.
Margaret Keane: Thanks, Brian. I will close the summary of the quarter on slide 11 and then move again with the Q&A portion of the call. During the quarter we exhibited broad-based growth across several key areas making progress on several fronts and continuing the momentum that we have generated over the last several quarters. We continue to win and renew important partnerships as well as opportunities to expand our network and the utility of our cards, and our pipeline of additional opportunities remains strong. Our digital wallet strategy continues to deliver meaningful partnerships with attractive opportunities. Our innovation and adaptability enabled us to be among the first private label issuers to make our cards and their functionality available through Samsung Pay. We are pleased with the ongoing success of our fast growing deposit platform. And finally with the fed approval to become a standalone savings and loan holding company, we look ahead to the next step in this process, the proposed exchange offer. Again, I want to acknowledge all of the hard work that has gone into this process. We are proud of having achieved the important step in our progress towards separation. As I noted earlier, we are restricted in what we can say today, but please stay tuned on this front as additional details on the exchange offer become available. I will now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Sure. Good morning, Sanjay. It’s Margaret. So I will hand it over to Brian, but I just wanted to just reiterate how important this milestone was for us and getting the separation from GE really is the biggest part of the milestone. Brian is really going to take you through a little bit of learning around CCAR and where we’re going to go forward on that.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So we’re really excited about the PayPal extension. As I have said in the past, we’ve had a really good partnership, a long-term partnership with PayPal since 2004. And I think they were working through their strategy, we’re working through our strategy. We continue to have a really good dialogue through that process. And as a result of some good thinking on both sides, we’ve come together and we will be extending our partnership. So it’s a win for them, a win for us, and we feel pretty excited about being able to keep them.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So I would say that we feel really good about our pipeline and activity in our pipeline. I think we said in the past, we have seen truly dedicated against all three platforms. There is a competitive environment out there. I don't -- we don’t see it being any worse in the private label space than it’s -- or as competitive maybe as the bigger co-brand deal. So, we think that the competition is playing in the right areas. I think for us, we’re winning really on capabilities. I think it’s around some of the investments we've made in terms of mobile and analytics and data that are really helping us to win this partnership. I think having a more focused process in the three platforms has also helped us. And frankly, I think the other thing that’s really been interesting for us is since we separated out, I think we’re actually getting cogged in, which is new to us. So we feel like we're in a really good spot. I think, we said before, we don’t have to win every deal because we grow mostly by organic growth. And so I think it allows us to really be awful on the deals that we do want to get. At the end of the day, the most important thing for us is getting partnerships where we feel like we're bringing value to that partner and then the partners sees that value because that’s really how you make these relationships long term and sticky going forward. So we feel pretty good about the pipeline going forward.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. Sure. So it’s really not that unusual for merchants to except another network. As matter of fact, Sam’s had already been accepting Amex on their online portal already. I think for us it’s somewhat of an opportunity because if folks start coming in using their Amex card, we have the opportunity to cross sell our card. And I think the uniqueness of the way the card works in Sam’s, our credit card is the membership card, it becomes one. So it’s really easy for consumers to use or customers to use when they’re in club. And I think the other is we have a fantastic value prop on our Sam’s MasterCard. So we feel --listen, no one likes anyone coming in, right. We look at these things. We have a good discussion. We have a great partnership with Sam’s. We’re very integrated with Sam’s. And in someway this could be an opportunity for us to cross sell.
Margaret Keane: Maybe I’ll start with where is the consumer spending and where we see the trends and then turn over to the Brian to some of the other points to asked. I think what we’re seeing is that the trend continued to indicate the consumer is getting stronger. Brain will talk a little bit about the credit. We see that getting a little bit better. I think gas prices and unemployment are certainly helping the consumer. I think the consumer is still cautious and they are definitely looking for deals and promotions. So I think our value props are really playing very favorably to the consumer. The one area that I’ve mentioned before that continues to be performing well are things related to the home. So things like furniture trends are pretty strong. So we feel pretty good about where the consumer is right now. And I think a combination of our marketing, the data analytics, the building out of our mobile capability is really helping us drive some of those volumes.
Margaret Keane: Why don’t I start off? First of all, I think one of the positives of Amazon 5% for Prime customers it's really encouraging everyday spend. So, I think that’s really what the customer, Amazon is really trying to do. They are trying to get that Prime customer to not only buy big ticket items and things like that but growth seasonal and other things. So the 5% really encourages you to go there to that site versus somewhere else. So, we think that’s really great. Our business is a seasonal business, so obviously holiday is a big opportunity for us. We’re heading into that. We think that Amazon 5% is going to be just a fantastic offering and we hope to see some broader offering of that as we go into the holiday season. So, I think overall this is a great offering and one that as Brian said, we are really watching because I think as we get into the holiday season, the key for us is really making sure that consumer is getting everything they need and things are working in a right way and that’s why we’ve really been soft for both on our site and the Amazon folks on their site to ensure the experience for the customer is very, very good. I don’t know Brain if you…
Margaret Keane: Yeah. I think it is two things. Obviously, the speed part is really good. But I think the other is, we are continually looking at ways to ensure that it’s almost like a seamless process. So for instance, if you were to apply through the Amazon card and you are doing that online, it becomes your preferred card in the wallet. So we are continually looking at ways that how do we get to the speed of the answer, get your card and then make it that card of choice if you will. So that helps us in our positioning. The other is as customers and our research shows it, as customers in particular are looking to make bigger purchases by being able to put an online offers out there in terms of discount depending on the promotion or type of thing they are purchasing, the ability for you to apply and buy right online, while you are looking at those items is really a big opportunity for us. So I think that’s another big area of focus for us. And then lastly, I think, as we continue to look at how people are shopping, the mobile channel and online it just become a much bigger part of how people are really looking to purchase. So being -- it’s a combination of thing. It’s really having that application processes really seamless, but then connecting your marketing offers to make that customer really realize, oh, I can get a bigger item or I can get a bigger basket, if I get X card from any of our retailers, because I have credit available to me and that’s really a combination of all the things we are really trying to play out.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. We, obviously, we have Samsung and Wal-Mart, who are a big part of our currency. We continue to build out the currency capability and we will launch as soon as they are ready to launch in the Wal-Mart and Samsung organization and some of our other partners as soon as they are ready. So, I think, they are working through some of the functionality and doing some more testing. So, I think, in the near-term you will hear something of that being out in marketplace.
Margaret Keane: Yeah. I will start-off with, we have an incredible platform with CareCredit and we have enormous penetration in the industry that we are in. So, I think, when you start with that, one of the things that I think is unique in CareCredit, unless you see the dental space as an example. It’s not like you can go on sign-up the Wal-Mart and get a whole bunch of volume, you literally have to go dental office to dental office to dental office across the United States. So to gain traction and build-out that platform from a start-up is extraordinary hard. So we are not really seeing that competition really have any impact on us at this point. Many of the competitors also are doing more of an installment type lending versus revolving lending, and I think one of the unique things that we’ve really been able to build out. First of all, we have incredible brand-name. Our brand, we do market testing is, we see extraordinary rollout of customers who use that products. We are getting 50% of our transactions now repeat purchases. So I went into like that and I use it in the dental office or things like that. I think our example today of partnering with Rite Aid, where we are really looking at how do we increase the utility of the card, because the customers who have that card have a great affinity to it. So we are not really seeing these guys. I know they are out there. We obviously we keep an eye on all our competition, but I think given our experience in the space, we have this business for 25 years, we are now there for 25 years. So I think, we are well ahead of those guys and I think it will take a little time for them even really have any type of kind of impact on us if they even do.
Margaret Keane: … because you are dealing with thousands of merchants and you need a merchant process behind same in sourcing to work in the right way. So it’s a bigger build-out I would say, and we have been out this for really long-time.
Margaret Keane: Sure. So, obviously, we saw the same thing. What I would say to you is that, traditionally and we’ve shown trust and earnest. We outperformed the retailer two to three times from an organic growth perspective on our card programs we are always doing better than the retailer. And I would say that our program both with Samsung, Wal-Mart are very strong. We are doing really well. I’d also say to you that this is an always -- when retailers go through challenging times and we’ve been in this business eight years. For sure, we’ve seen people win and lose at different points. This is where our partnership becomes even that more value and this is where I think our unique business model makes a difference. So this is where you have to stick by a partner and our goal is to figure out ways that we can help Wal-Mart even further. So they usually becomes more of an engagement on how cards or how card could help them grow their sales. So, we are watching it, we are not worried. Our performance is very strong. They are great partners. We have great relation. We have 80 people sitting out in that though who all they think about every single day is Wal-Mart and Samsung and that’s their job. Their job is to figure out how to grow sales for our partner and that’s the model that’s tries who we are. So, we feel okay. I think they got a bump road but we will be with them all the way and I think we will help them as they go through that process.
Margaret Keane: Well, it varies by partners. So, we have partners where we have very high penetration and then partners we have single-digit penetration. I think the way to think about it is, there are couple of different areas where I think our marketing and the way we are approaching the market is really just helping ourselves. We talked about this repeat purchase concept and CareCredit and Payment Solutions. So, we are doing a lot more marketing in those two platforms around getting customers to use the card again. And that’s a good example because if you went into this business four years ago, five years ago, with a bigger ticket purchase we thought of it as a one-end done. You bought whatever you bought and that was it. And our ability to really get customers to reuse the card, I think is a really big factor and those two platforms. I think on the Retail Card platform, I think probably one of the things that’s really helping us besides the great value prospect we’ve put out there, the [Sam's envelopes] [ph] and Amazon, the once we talked about. Mobiles and online is definitely helping us. We are outpacing the industry. So the industry for online sales year-over-year is about 14%. We’re growing at 21% year-over-year and I think that’s having an impact. And we know for fact through our research is the customer shops both brick-and-mortar and online and mobile that we have a tighter relationship with that customer and they will make more shopping trip and they will have bigger baskets. So I think the more we can connect those dots in making that brick-and-mortar and online digital experience seamless to the consumer, I think we have an opportunity to continue to grow penetration.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So Sanjay, you’re absolutely right, there is nothing in the order that specifically subjects us to the CCAR process. And we’ve discussed in the past because we’re savings and loan holding company and not a bank holding company, we’re not technically subject to the CCAR process. So, that’s where we stand as of today. With all that said, it’s still our expectation that we’re going to file a capital plan with the fed. And it’s going to be based on the fed’s CCAR assumptions. So it’s very likely that even though we’re not part of the public process, we are going to follow a very similar process to the upper banks in terms of using the same assumptions, following the same timeline and we think that gives us probably the best chance of success in 2016. So that it’s going to look similar, but you’re not going to see it as part of the formal public process.
Brian Doubles: We would grab those assumptions when they’re published in February. We will run those through our models. We’d formulate a capital plan. We’d submit that to the fed. It’s just one the part of the public process, that’s our expectation as we say here today.
Brian Doubles: So that’s capital. You asked about liquidity as well. I think the liquidity is going to be consistent with what we said in the past. I think we feel like we’ve got more than adequate liquidity today. I think we’ve got a couple opportunities to optimize the amount of liquidity that we’re holding. We’ve also got an opportunity I think to look at different ways to invest that excess cash. You’ve seen us do that a little bit all year where we run our internal models, we look at rating agency considerations, regulatory considerations. We look at our maturities coverage. And to the extent that we have, we feel we have some excess liquidity. You’ve seen us use that to prepay the bank term loan. You’re going to continue to see us do that. That’s part of the reason obviously why our net interest margin has trended better than the guidance we provided back in January. But I wouldn’t expect going forward to see a step change in how we manage liquidity. The regulatory considerations are just one piece of the puzzle. We add up all the other considerations, our internal models and that’s where we used to size the amount of liquidity we have. So I think there is some opportunity there, but it’s going to be more around the margin, it’s not going to be a step change from what we’re doing today.
Brian Doubles: Yes, Ryan, most of the loan growth year-to-date has been organic, core organic growth and that’s really tendership, that’s the value props that we’ve launched at Sam's Club and Amazon. And the only portfolio acquisition we’ve done which impacted the results of our year-to-date is BT, which we closed in the second quarter and obviously impact -- continues to impact our results in the third quarter when you look year-over-year. So I think the fundamentals are very strong. As you pointed out, we are ahead of where we thought we would be back in January. We still got the holiday season that’s going to largely determine where we end up for the year, this is the forecast or somewhere between 3% and 4% similar to what we thought last year. So we’re optimistic. And when you break down the components of the growth, the underlying trends are positive too. So we are saying purchase volume for active account was up 8%. When you look at the average balance per active account, that was up 5%. So when you break down the different components, the fundamentals are strong as well. I will turn it over to Margaret to talk about PayPal.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Ryan, here is the couple of things. Let me just start with one, one of your promises is that loan yield will continue to come down. I think one other things that we’ve seen year-to-date when we look at the loan yields that have come down primarily driven by higher payment rates, which we’re obviously getting a benefit when we look at 30 plus, 90 plus and charge-off performance year-to-date. So to the extent that loss performance kind of levels out from here then we would expect loan yield to level off as well and we might not see that deterioration. So I think that that just one kind of starting point. We’ve also when you look at the loan yield, part of that is also driven by just a really strong growth in payment solutions and we’re putting that volume on as largely promotional financing, so it’s coming on at the lower yield initially. And then as those accounts start to revolve, we expect a little bit of lift there in the yield. On liquidity, I think, there is nothing that we see that is going to result in margins coming down significantly from where they are today. They have performed better year-to-date because we’ve been able to use them, what we view is access to pay down the more expensive performance of financing. We’re going to continue to do that. We still got a big chunk to go on the bank term loan. So I think we still have some opportunity there and then, I think, we’ve got a little bit of opportunity on the -- how that cash is invested. So you’re going to see us continue to optimize that in terms of more specific outlook. So we’re going to give you some guidance on the January call for 2016 and we can be a little more specific then.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. Mark, I just will be careful that we’re not opting into CCAR. What we’re doing is we’re filing a capital plan using the CCAR assumptions. And the reason we’re doing that is pretty straightforward. The Fed has the process. They measure all the other banks on and similar banks of our size and we think that our best chance to success is to be measured kind of on the same basis and so that’s why we’re doing it. But I wouldn't view it as opting and we just think that we’re trying to take what we feel is the path here to gives us the best chance to success and I think following the Fed framework and the process that they have allows us to do that. We’re not going to be specific around our capital ask the first time out. What I would tell you though is that, it's more important for us to get a dividend approved, a buyback program approved than it is to go on our first time and swing for the fences. So we’re going to be fairly prudent and I also first time out. And again, we want to have a successful first outing here as opposed to trying to go for something that greater than our peers right out of the case.
Brian Doubles: We’re going to get the assumptions in February. We’re going to run them. We’ve got obviously review it with our Board. We got to go through all of our own internal governance processes and then we’re going to submitted to the Fed. So there is a lot -- there is work to do between now and when we actually submit. That just it be premature to give you any kind of indication at this point.
Brian Doubles: I will say, obviously, we have a lot of capital when you compares to our peers. The return profiles on our business compares very well to our peers. Those are all real positives for us and we think the long-term capital return presented for this business is significant.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. PayPal was disclosed as $1.5 billion receivable that was expected to go away towards the end of 2016.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. David, I wouldn’t think about a significant opportunity there just related to separation. As we’ve said in the past, the infrastructure build costs are now in the run rate. So when you look at the expenses, when you look at just sequential bill from second quarter to third quarter, it was relatively modest, just driven by growth in EMV and we always see a seasonal increase in the third quarter. But the infrastructure build cost and everything that we’ve built to prepare for separation is reflected in the run rate. And just based on the earlier comments I made, even though we are not technically subject to CCAR, the expectations are going to be similar. They are not going to be exactly the same, but they are going to be similar. And so I think it will be premature to talk about any kind of expense benefit that we expect from this, because we are holding ourselves to the same standards that the fed is holding others too. So we are going to go through a couple rounds here on filing a capital plan and doing liquidity access with the outgoes and maybe there is a longer-term opportunity, but nothing we see in the near-term.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. All the renewals that we've done private with the exception of PayPal are reflected in our run rate, so that -- you can get some broad comment on renewals. On PayPal specifically, we can’t get into the pricing and the economics. But I can tell you that as Margaret said, we are really excited about extending the relationship with PayPal. We are able to do that, return is very attractive for us. So, we’re going to continue to look to extend these programs. And I think we’re able to do that in a way that’s attractive for us, attractive for PayPal and PayPal customers. And one other things that we are going to do is part of that new relationship is we’re going to upgrade some of the accounts to Dual Cards, a big portion of accounts to Dual Cards, we think that will help us drive growth going forward. So there's a number of things that we changed in the program, but from our perspective all very much aligned with growing the program and we are going to do that at a return that’s attractive for us.
Brian Doubles: Yes. So the other question you have was around the Amazon. And I think similar to what we’ve said earlier we’re really excited about the 5% value prop for Prime customers. We’re measuring that every day, we’re looking at the new account flow, we’re looking at the purchase volume. Any time you can make a significant change to a value proposition like we did in Amazon, you want to do that in a way we’re kind of soft launching it. You are doing a lot of testing control. So you make sure that it’s delivering the economic performance that we expect and it’s a good customer experience for the Amazon cardholders. And so far it’s performing very much in line with our expectations and we are optimistic that we can do some more marketing around that offer here in the near term.
Brian Doubles: Yeah. I mean in terms of more specific fourth quarter impact, it's really hard to estimate at this point because obviously, we've got to determine and work out with Amazon to what extent and how broad we are going to go with the marketing in the fourth quarter, what the adoption rate is going to look like, what the spends going to look like and this is very fluid. As I mentioned earlier, we are monitoring this thing almost hourly with Amazon. Our teams sit with them and they look at the spending patterns, the types of purchases, the repeat purchases. And then from our perspective, from a credit perspective, we are also looking at the population of transactor versus revolvers and the credit mix and through the door population. So there is just a number of factors that we are looking at and I can tell you so far, it's performing in line with our expectations, but it's a little too early to give any kind of specific forecast.
Brian Doubles: And I think, Betsy, you can look at is the purchase volume trends have also been pretty strong year-to-date. In the first quarter purchase volume was 5.6%, second quarter was 8.5%, this quarter was 12.5%, so we are very encouraged by the trend we are seeing around purchase volume as well.
Brian Doubles: BP is obviously in the run rate as of the second quarter and that’s lifting our growth rate. We saw that in the second quarter and the third quarter. The other two are in -- sorry, Guitar Center is in thick of knot end. So you will see a little bit of a ramp there but just I can’t give you the actual size of either one of them but they are smaller in relation to BP. So you just kind of take that into account.
