Gregory Ketron: Thanks, operator. Good morning, everyone, and welcome to our quarterly Earnings Conference Call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website.  Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website.  During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call.  Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcast are located on our website.  Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Gregory Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. [Operator Instructions]. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Gregory Ketron: Okay. Thanks, everyone, for joining us this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have, and we hope you have a great day.
Brian Doubles: Thanks, Brian. I'll close with a recap of our strategic priorities, which are focused on driving long-term value creation, while diversifying for the future. A top priority, as always, is the growth of our core partnerships. Opportunities to grow will continue to be evaluated through the lens of the risk-adjusted returns they produce. To strengthen our relationships, we will seek to continue to deliver innovative new products and capabilities that add value to cardholders and the programs and drive card usage and brand loyalty. We will also continue to launch new programs, where we believe the partnership can deliver the opportunity for growth at attractive risk-adjusted returns. We will also seek to diversify through targeted strategies in Payment Solutions, CareCredit and our Synchrony-branded products. This will help us to achieve a more diverse revenue base through the acceleration of growth in small programs and new products.  We will focus on growing Payment Solutions through enhanced point-of-sale capabilities and innovative product offerings. In CareCredit, we will continue to work on broader acceptance and further expansion of the network with an emphasis on health systems, like our recently announced partnership with Kaiser Permanente. This is an area where we see a significant opportunity. We will also continue to invest in our Synchrony-branded products, the auto and home networks and the Synchrony Mastercard. Lastly, we will leverage our recent acquisitions to develop and grow new revenue sources in e-gifting and pets.  Technology and data analytics remain a key focus, as we strive to provide best-in-class customer experiences. We believe this customer-first approach will be an increasingly important growth driver. We will continue the expansion of advanced data analytics, leveraging customer-level performance dynamics and further develop capabilities to deliver frictionless customer experiences. We are also focused on alternative data and machine learning to further drive innovation, advanced underwriting and authentication. These investments are critical to driving growth in our existing programs as well as securing renewals and winning new programs like Venmo and Verizon.  It remains a key priority to operate our business with a strong balance sheet and financial profile. We have proven our ability to do this, and it will remain a top priority for us in the future. We expect to maintain strong capital and liquidity to support our operations, business growth, credit ratings and regulatory targets. Finally, we will continue to utilize our strong capital position to support growth, launch new programs, invest in products and capabilities and return capital to shareholders through dividends and share repurchases.  We believe we are well positioned for long-term growth, and we look forward to driving results for our partners, cardholders and shareholders in 2020 and beyond.  I will now turn it over to Greg to begin the Q&A portion of our call.
Brian Doubles: Yes. With regard to your first question, we've talked long term about our capital strategy and really moving our capital levels, CET1, et cetera, in line with peers. Along this journey, we started out with an 18% CET1, we're down to 14% now. Part of that long-term capital strategy has been diversification to match our peers. So it was always part of the strategy, it was included in our capital plan that we filed with the regulators and it was approved by our Board earlier this year. So it was part of our diversification efforts really to lower the overall cost of equity. So it was important for us to get it done. The timing of which -- the market was very attractive. We got a 5.625% rate for the preferred, a significant amount of institutional and retail investors. So it was significantly oversubscribed. We obviously wanted to access the market and wanted to do it before 2020 and any potential disruptions that may come to the market from unforeseen events. So that's really the rationale behind why we did it. So -- and your second question was on -- just remind me.
Brian Doubles: Yes. We're not going to provide it, Sanjay, ex Walmart. But what I'd say is this is, we gave you an indication probably 18 months ago about what that rate was. What's happened since then, obviously, the portfolio has deteriorated from $10 billion to the roughly $8.2 billion that we sold it at. As well as the fact that the credit refinements that we put in place several years ago really helped to start reducing that. So the impact this year was not as significant, right, as what we'd indicated 18 months ago.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Rick, maybe one thing just to add to that. I think it's -- what we've seen so far is now that our partners are sharing things, like spend levels, number of visits to the store, average basket size, payment behavior. Those metrics, which result in what we call an engagement index, really cuts across income levels. And so we're finding that to be a very powerful predictor in terms of how those accounts are going to perform, how they're going to behave from a spend perspective, but also a loss perspective and fraud as well. So it's benefiting us in a number of different areas.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I mean, look, we're a consumer lender. That's what we're good at. We're going to stick to our knitting there. And we see a ton of great growth opportunities in our existing business, which we outlined. So I think never say never, but it's not on the strategic map right now. I think we've got a ton of great growth opportunity in all three of our platforms. We like what we're seeing in the direct-to-consumer space. So we're going full throttle in those areas, and we'll revisit at some point in the future. But right now, a lot of growth opportunity in the core.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Bill, look, it's something we've considered. We've talked about it to the leadership team and with the Board. Again, I think we see enough opportunity right now in our current market in the U.S. that we don't feel the need to go international, but never say never. The business does work in certain markets overseas. We've seen that. We'll continue to assess it, but nothing in the short term.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Ryan. So yes, we're trending towards the 15% in the front half of the year, really as we work through the $3 billion of excess liquidity we have from Walmart coming off the fourth quarter. We obviously are trying to work the funding profile and manage that to deploy that liquidity as fast as possible, including through organic growth, really in the first couple of quarters of 2020. As we guided, the back half of the year should trend towards that 15.5%. So when you think about it, year-over-year, there's really the 2 major impacts, right? The first one is burning off this excess liquidity. The second is the impact of the Walmart portfolio, which operated at a higher margin than the company average and other portfolios. So obviously, Walmart was out for a part of the fourth quarter. So when you have those events, we should trend back towards that 15.5% in the back part of the year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So I'll hand the first part and then give it over to Margaret. So as you think about the cost, again, we're guiding to approximately 32%, which is just 20 basis points higher than the full year average of 31.8%. Yes, we did get the cost reductions that we anticipated for Walmart out and they'll be fully baked into the run rate as we move forward. The impact slightly on the efficiency ratio, again, is Walmart-related because of the high revenue that came off of that portfolio and what it's generated, it ran a much lower efficiency ratio as a portfolio than the company average. So that's the slight tick up that you'll see there.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Moshe. Yes, as you think about the fourth quarter, Walmart was in for approximately, call it, 15, 20 days. So that impact, when you think about the quarter, there will be a slight dilution as it relates to that. And then really, it's the excess liquidity, that we're carrying in that's impacting along with normal seasonality, when you think sequentially quarter-over-quarter.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So if you think about the investments -- Margaret highlighted, so as you think about the investments in Verizon and Venmo, there's different pieces of it, right? We have to pre-stage people, right? So we have teams been up and standing up here to get these programs ready. We'll have certain launch costs, as you think about research that's done on the consumer the value proposition, et cetera, that phases in. As Margaret talked about, we're then standing up the IT and infrastructure. These are sizable opportunities. And we need to be at full scale relative to the launches, both Verizon in the first half and Venmo in the second half. And given the nature of these two opportunities, there are specific things around data lake, around how we're doing digital servicing, as Margaret talked about, API. So that cost builds up, right, as we move through the year. So that piece is the incremental.  We run with, hopefully, a very good cost discipline in the business. We got the cost reduction we wanted from Walmart. We're continuing to try to drive out and drive efficiencies in the business and the processes, whether it sits in the enterprise operations side or across all our core functions. And we look at the business from multiple different lenses and how we manage expenses, and we'll be fairly disciplined as we move through 2020.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Sanjay. So as you think about growth, we're projecting 5% to 7% this year. We're coming off 5% last year. If you think about from the 17% to 19% range, our average growth was 4% to 7% ex the PayPal acquisition. So we're growing in line with that. Again, Verizon and Venmo will come in, they'll phase in. Again, they're de novo programs with one launching in the first half, one launching in the second half. So we're not providing long-term guidance relative to the growth rate, but obviously, they are start-up programs, and that trajectory -- we'll obviously provide guidance, as we move into 2021. So we're inside historical norms. If you look inside the portfolio, there are moving pieces. Yes, we have some fast-growing portfolios, but we also have some pockets that are not growing as fast, as I'm sure you can recognize, and they work in concert. So again, we're comfortable with the 5% to 7% range we have this year. It's within guidance. And then clearly, we'll look at the trajectory of the new programs that we're launching this year.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks, Don. Yes. So as you think about the RSA, obviously, we've been talking to our partners for several months about that change and how it impacts the RSAs. I just want to be clear, we are passing -- for those RSAs that participate in reserves, the RSA -- the full amount of CECL will be reflected in the RSA. We did not amend any of our agreements to either exclude or reduce the amount of reserve provisioning that those agreements associated with. So I just want to be clear on that. As you think about CECL and the impact to the RSA, I think it needed to be important to ground things. The primary platform that uses RSAs is the Retail Card platform. That platform actually has a lower provisioning relative to CECL, given its products and how it interacts. The Payment Solutions and CareCredit business, given the longer duration promotional activity that happens there, actually attracts a larger CECL increase as you move through. Also impacting that, there's a slight lag that happens the way with which the calculations work, as it passes through. So again, you'll see that in the full run rate of the year, particularly in the back half of the year, as we move forward.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, let me just maybe just add one point of clarity. As you think about the primary amount of the growth for the year, when you think about the 5% to 7%, is coming off the existing book. So while we're launching Verizon and Venmo, given the timing of it during the first half and second half, when you're thinking about that growth in end of period, it's not going to be a big movement this year. It's something, as we think about in future years, that's going to be an accelerator. So just to make sure, we're clear that the existing portfolio is driving that growth.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So look, we continue to see really good trends on the card. I'd say they're generally better than our expectations on both of the campaigns that we've done. We're seeing good activation, good usage, nice retention of the balances. But as I said last quarter, we're being very disciplined around profitability and returns. So -- and then short term, we've got modest growth expectations. We're being very thoughtful. Look, we realize it's a very competitive market, and we're trying to target profitable accounts. So we really -- we like the space, we like what we're seeing so far, but we're going to be disciplined on how we approach this.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. The to 4.3 to 4.5 is the average for the full year, Betsy. So again, we gave you some projections in the first half. The real moving piece here, obviously, is the CECL impact, which is a little bit more muted the way the contractual calculations work. That then normalizes in the back half of the year. So -- but the 4.3 to 4.5 is the full year estimate.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Again, it's going to average out the 4.3 to 4.5, it could be at the lower end or it could be the higher end. Obviously, it's going to vary relative to the program performance and the credit performance of the portfolio. So it could vary. But again, I think across the full year, it will get back.
Margaret Keane: Yes. And I think, Ryan, on investments, it's really a couple of things. So first is really the investment we're making in Venmo and Verizon. Both of these programs are going to really be fully digitized in-app experiences. And so we've added a number of agile teams to really develop a number of APIs to really deliver for those partners. We have the launch on. We have people that we need to add. So those are really a big part of the strategic initiative in terms of those two programs. More broadly, we're continuing to invest in a couple of key areas. We talked a little bit about CareCredit. We're adding resources and technology enhancements there, particularly as we go into health systems, which we believe is a really great investment and one where we'll get a great return over time. And just broadly, I would say, from a technology perspective, we continue on this journey of really driving digitization and frictionless customer experiences. I'd say the other area we're very focused on is really what I would call the customer journey.  So I think we've done a really good job on the front end, meaning how you apply and buy and using your mobile capabilities. But we're really looking at how do we get more efficiency out of our back office, in terms of using digitization to really excel that experience for the customer. So it is a bit of investment. I think the biggest kind of add to the year is really, though, the Verizon and Venmo investment we're making. And in our mind, those are two great opportunities for us for future growth. And we think that, that investment is really going to be the right investments to make for the company.
Margaret Keane: Yes. We have not loosened up. What I would say is we've been pretty consistent in our underwriting. Obviously, we're always making slight changes. I think one of the things we've talked about in the past is, we've done a lot of investing in how we're creating our models and the data that we're using, both externally and internally. And so I think we're much more strategic in how we look at underwriting. And that's really helped us, I think, continue to see the good performance we're seeing in delinquencies and charge-offs. So we're being pretty consistent. I think this is the time, where you want to just continue to be very consistent and possible, as you think about where we are in the cycle.
Margaret Keane: No. I think -- look, I think PayPal is a fast-growing portfolio for us. It's performing the way we thought it would perform. I think what we talked about last year was getting the portfolio converted, which happened in June. It was a fairly big and sophisticated conversion. What we're really focused on now with the PayPal team is really looking at how we accelerate growth. I think Venmo's a little different in the sense that it's a start-up. So it will take us a little longer to get that growth going. But I'd say, overall, we're pretty pleased about the growth that we're seeing. It's the kind of growth we want to see. And I think, as we add some of these new, more digitally driven partners, you'll -- that'll continue to play into our portfolio. I do want to make one point that despite maybe some of the retails struggling a little more, one of the things I think we're definitely winning on is on the mobile side, and we're definitely seeing growth in mobile. And I think, as we went through holiday, that was a big part of our win, I think, with our partners, and our partners are continuing to depend on us to really deliver capability to them to really drive growth digitally. So I think that's something that we're going to continue to focus on as well.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So first, we're going to be doing their co-branded card. It'll be branded Verizon. We'll -- we're working very closely with them to really make sure this is a state-of-the-art, digitally driven card. We're pretty excited about some of the things we're working on. We're not going to communicate the value prop and things like that because that's going to happen when we do a launch. Look, they have about 119 retail phone connections. So this is a pretty big opportunity for us, and we're excited about the partnership. They're highly engaged. I'd say we won the deal because of some of the investments we've been making. I think we turned the corner on the question mark in my mind of are we digitally savvy. And I think based on the winners that we -- the programs we won this year, I think we're winning because of these investments that we've made and the investments that we're going to continue to make. So very excited about Verizon.
Margaret Keane: I'm not sure what you mean by bifurcation, meaning good customers and bad customers from a credit perspective? Or...
Margaret Keane: No, I don't think we -- our underwriting standards are based on the consumer's capability to pay for the credit card. So that's core to how we underwrite. I think the things that we're looking to further enhances leveraging data from our partners. For instance, I'd say more in how we set a credit line upfront. So if the partner shares with us that this particular consumer shops vary heavily, we might give a higher credit line than we normally would, based on that data. I think one of the important aspects of our business different than maybe the general purpose credit card spaces, you can apply and buy right away. So we got to be very disciplined from a line size perspective when we give an initial line. And that's where I think we're really learning and really driving some good customer experience because we're sharing the data between us and the partner. I think the other area is helping us on fraud and true name and using identity and things like that, that are really helping us. So for instance, we've leveraged Payphone as an example, where now on our mobile app, you only have to fill out three lines. And that's really helping us do a better job at identifying that customer. And again, a lot of this has to do with because we're an apply-and-buy company, we have to be very diligent in identifying that as the right customer that's applying.
Margaret Keane: Yes. That's not a space that we're -- I would say, we are considering. I think we have laid out our strategy, as Brian focused on, I think we're going to stick to the things we really know and grow that way. I don't know if you...
Margaret Keane: Yes, I'll start with the second part. I think the competitive environment is pretty -- has been pretty consistent. I don't think anyone's doing anything too crazy out there. So I think we feel pretty good about where we're placed in the competitive environment. I think, look, we still want to win core retail deals. So this -- and if you look at our Payment Solutions business, a lot of what we won was the core of that business. I think these opportunities, that have come along or have been, I think, somewhat unique in terms of them coming into the marketplace. There's just not a lot of big retail deals that are out there right now, in terms of existing portfolios. We continue to see a number of smaller midsized deals that we have in our pipeline. I would say all three platforms have a pretty good pipeline of opportunity, and we're very focused on that. So I think you'll see us -- down the road, you'll see more retail deals. It's not like we're walking away from that space. I just think this is what was in the market and the opportunity for us to, in some cases, differentiate our portfolio a little bit.
