Greg Ketron: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release, detailed financial schedules, and presentation are available on our website, synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the website. Before we get started, I wanted to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings, which are available on our website. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures in discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third-parties. The only authorized webcasts are located on our website. Margaret Keane, President and Chief Executive Officer; and Brian Doubles, Executive Vice President and Chief Financial Officer will present our results this morning. After we complete the presentation, we will open the call up for questions. Now, it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: Thanks Margaret. That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session. So that we can accommodate as many of you as possible, I'd like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow up question. If you have additional questions the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator, please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Okay, thanks everyone for joining us on the call this morning and your interest in Synchrony Financial. The investor relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have.
Margaret Keane: Thanks Brian. I'll provide a quick wrap up and then we'll open the call for Q&A. We continue to generate solid results as well as driving growth organically, expanding important programs such as PayPal by launching and renewing key programs and making strategic investments to improve our position in this ever evolving marketplace. We are also seeing other important elements of our business, such as credit quality continue to perform as we had expected. All of this contributes to our ability to return capital to shareholders and we were pleased to announce the significant increases in our dividend and share repurchase program in May. We also focused on deploying capital through organic growth and program acquisitions such as the PayPal program as well as the capability enhancing investments such as e-commerce. And while we are disappointed that we are not renewing our program with Walmart, we are focused on either optimizing the capital freed up if the portfolio was sold or leveraging the benefits from retaining the portfolio. Both provide us the ability to replace and potentially improve EPS and other operating metrics that would have otherwise resulted from renewing the program. We remain focused on risk adjusted returns pursuing strategies that help us to profitably grow the business and deliver value for our partners, cardholders, and shareholders. I'll now turn the call back to Greg to open up the Q&A.
Margaret Keane: Yes, so I wouldn't say you know Moshe we’re already in Walmart Pay and I think it’s important to note and this is critical as we have another whole year with the program, so we're going to have to continue to support Walmart in every way we can and will continue to leverage Walmart Pay since our cards are in it. So we did, no go ahead.
Margaret Keane: That's correct, so if the customer has one of our cards or the program with us it will be used wherever PayPal is accepting. So I don't believe and I think you're kind of leading to this thought of capabilities and our capabilities maybe versus Capital One. But we strongly believe that our capabilities are best in class and our continued investments in digital and data are really paying off for us and we're seeing this more and more with our partners as they're placing a much higher value on our capabilities particularly us this transformation is having to you know going to digital. So from our perspective, we felt like we could have delivered what Walmart wanted in terms of the digital transformation. As a matter of fact we put together a pretty incredible program that we thought we could continue to drive with them, but obviously as Brian said we couldn't get there on the economics.
Margaret Keane: Well, I'll start off by saying there are two separate contracts with two separate program agreements. The programs are different in terms of how they go to market just in terms of the Sam customer and being a little more business related then consumer related. Look we've had a long relationship with Sam's Club as well. That was also a startup. We've actually been with Sam's for 24 years. Look, I think our job right now is to continue to do the utmost servicing, delivering capabilities for Sam's and Walmart. I think at this point of us having that relationship for another year is really critical. One of the things we have to do as a company is really make sure we're delivering to the best of our ability for both Walmart and Sam's and then you know we're committed to doing that. And I think it's really important that we treat these customers really well. We're going to continue to be in Walmart stores. We're going to continue to be in Sam's Clubs and it's important for my team, our teams to deliver the best possible service we can do and continue to innovate with Sam's. So we're not going step back from that. So we would hope to renew Sam's and we're going to be in that process, we'll be aggressive and you know again I think the important point here is we don't have a bad relationship with Walmart. Our team has worked really well together with Walmart and Sam’s. So we're going to leverage that and continue to leverage that and we're going to really take the high road here and make sure we do the best we possibly can for the programs.
Margaret Keane: So I would say look, we can't really comment on like the final negotiations between Walmart and Cap One. What we can tell you is that in our heart of hearts, we believe we have the same if not better capabilities. We could have delivered on all fronts that Walmart wanted us to deliver on. We just could not get there in terms of what our economic expectation was for the program. And I'd say that when you look at our other partners and our other renewals coming out we're very confident that this was a unique situation. We believe that our partners are valuing what we're delivering for them every single day. We continue to have partners come here in our innovation stations and in our offices in Chicago looking at all the capabilities we're delivering and we have confidence that we will be able to renew those relationships that are in the pipeline.
Margaret Keane: I would say Ryan, we're always looking to renew and I wouldn't necessarily say we're accelerating, but I would tell you we're having very good conversations with our partners in terms of what they're looking for from a value proposition perspective, how they're looking to transform their digital footprint and what we can do for them. So I feel very positive that we'll continue to have a good track record and show as we've done historically that we can renew our deals.
Margaret Keane: Sure, I will answer the first part and give the second part to Brian. So we are looking to diversify the business and we've actually been doing that. I think in particular, if you look at our PayPal and CareCredit business which are really both fast growing entities, we have lots of opportunity to diversify and continue to build out those platforms. And as a matter of fact as we do our 2019 planning we're really looking at ways to accelerate our opportunities in both of those platforms. We see tremendous opportunity with CareCredit and we're going to really leverage that platform to help us diversify the company.
Margaret Keane: You know, I think Brian said this before, I've said it before, for us it's really around the overall return of the program and we look at each of these contracts and programs and partnerships on that whole risk reward base. And I think in this case it was unique and we could not get to the overall return of the portfolio for Walmart that would mean what we thought was a return that we were willing to take. So I don't think it's really about the credit box, it's really about the overall return on a program and our ability to deliver for the partner.
Margaret Keane: And average of bad debt we have plenty of experience of people from the industry in our team and on our teams, so we're confident that we have the capability to really execute on that.
Brian Doubles: So, why don't I walk you through just a little more detail in terms of what to expect on the key metrics, so obviously in terms of the profitability of the business it doesn't really change the return profile of the company as we noted. The biggest impact you see if the portfolio is sold is that improvement in net charge-offs, so you'd see that 60 to 70 basis point improvement there. And then you'd see partial offsets on yield. It would come down just slightly. And then RSAs would move a little higher excluding the Walmart portfolio. And then all in you get back to a similar return for the overall business. So again, I think the biggest change you are going to see is the improvement in the credit metrics and it will be neutral to the return.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure John. Obviously we don't give 2019 growth guidance but in terms of the impact the credit actions are taking we've been pretty clear that we'll start to lap those starting probably first or second quarter of 2019 and we would expect to move back more historical norm in terms of the core growth rate for the business, so no change to that view. PayPal is obviously growing at a much faster rate. We see a lot of incremental growth opportunity of PayPal even above and beyond, what we've been - what the program has been growing historically, so ton of opportunity there. So we feel pretty good. As you think about a combination of a strong core growth rate once we start to lap these credit actions combined with bringing on a really high growth program like PayPal, we feel pretty good about 2019, but other than that we're not going to be real specific at this point. We'll give you some more color in January when we do our outlook.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure Moshe. Why don’t I start on the more financial question and then Margaret can talk on the latter one. Look, this program was somewhat unique in terms of the profile. That became a challenge for us from an economic standpoint. And in this case we just weren't able to earn a return that was in line with the credit risk of the portfolio. Under the old agreement we were earning an acceptable return for that risk. In the renewal discussions it became clear that we weren't going to be able to maintain that acceptable return level for the risk that we were taking. So look as we went through the process it became clear that either option that we've portrayed on that slide was accretive to what a renewal would have earned for us. And that combined with the risk sharing in the program, the credit risk profile of the portfolio, this became very challenging for us. And I'll just, Margaret.
Brian Doubles: Yes, so primarily that's bigger investments in some of our really fast growing programs, Amazon, T.J.Maxx, obviously PayPal, as well as investments in CareCredit payment solutions. But lastly I think we will take a harder look at M&A opportunities. We have a very active process around that. We've always had a very active process around that. We're very disciplined in that sense though around price and valuation. So I think you will see us take a harder look at that, but we're going to maintain our discipline and look for attractive entry points and good returns for shareholders.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure Don. Let me start with your last question because I think that kind of leads into some of what we're expecting to see on the reserves in the second half. So look, second quarter in terms of overall credit came in inline or slightly better than our expectations, so we didn't change our outlook for the full year. But I can tell you we're very encouraged by the delinquency trends that we're seeing across the portfolio. If you just look at the year-over year trends over the last four quarters, we are running anywhere between 27 basis points up to 54 basis points up and we saw our 30+ delinquencies come down year-over-year and now down 8 basis points. So we feel really good about what we're seeing on the portfolio. You obviously saw that flow through and a reserve build that was $121 million compared to our expectation of around $175 million. So things are trending in the right direction, vintages look good, we're seeing a good mix in terms of the sales. We're still seeing really good growth on sales on accounts above 720 FICO. So things trending in line and we feel if anything second quarter came in a little bit better than our expectation. In terms of the 90+ question they you had, we've always for the last year have been pretty clear that you're obviously going to see a first in 30+ then you're going to see at 90+ and then you'll see it in net charge offs. So this quarter you clearly saw it come through in 30+. We would expect 90+ next quarter, the quarter after and then obviously net charge offs are going to start to level off as well in the second half which is very much in line with what we said a year ago when we started just some of those modest tightening, so that's credit generally. So let me switch to the reserves and in terms of PayPal, so you have to remember on PayPal that you know the portfolio comes on without any reserves. It comes on at fair value, so we have to build that reserve basically from zero, the bulk of which occurs over the first nine to 12 months. And we will take more of that in the third quarter, it will come down a bit, in the fourth, will give you a sense for what we think that looks like next quarter. And then continue to build that reserve into the first half of 2019, but at smaller amounts. Obviously then you're going to see in the third quarter. So it's a little bit of a sliding scale, you take more of it upfront. The majority of that reserve is built within the first year.
Brian Doubles: Oh yes, sorry that was the last question, yes it was a pretty modest mark. If you go back to the guidance that we put out in January, you can see with and without PayPal our net charge off rate was unchanged at 55 to 58. So while there is a slight mark on PayPal it doesn't move us off of our full year NCO guidance.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. The easiest way to think about this is those are the expenses that are really associated with the program. So you've got a combination of directly attributable costs related to the program and the portfolio and then you've got a portion of fixed costs that will come out as we right size the business for the portfolio leaving. So it's actually, it's fairly straightforward. I mean when we look at the business and we actually have, but we haven't had a lot of time to work on this. We have a fairly detailed plan. By function and we know where the costs come out when we look at right sizing the business for the portfolio moving.
Brian Doubles: We believe it would have taken to renew, I think importantly though if you put that point aside, either of these options replace the EPS of the program. So EPS neutral to what the program was earning and accretive to what we believe a renewal would have cost us.
Brian Doubles: So one other important point just on the data, so while the data is owned by the retailer or the program, we own all of the data analytics. We owned all the data models. We own all of the, what we consider data capabilities on the program. So the data moves but all of the analytics horse power and the capabilities obviously remain with us.
Brian Doubles: Yes, the mix specifically, I don’t know if you’re asking specifically on Walmart, but Walmart is split roughly 50-50 dual card private label and then if you look at the split of spend on dual card it's about 60% of the spend is actually outside Walmart.
Brian Doubles: It wouldn’t change the mix of the company dramatically. it wouldn’t significantly change that mix at all.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I would think about absent Walmart that we're still back to our more historical growth rate. I don't think it changes our view on what we can do from a core growth standpoint. So I don't think it changes that mix either in terms of purchase volume, active accounts or receivables growth rate for the company.
Brian Doubles: Yes, look and we feel pretty good about our ability to execute both options and in either situation we believe we can replace the EPS impact. The options are accretive to a renewal scenario and at this point either option looks attractive to us. We'll obviously know more as we work through the process to determine whether the portfolio is going to move or whether we will retain it. We will also get the more visibility around the potential gain if it's sold. So all of those things will kind of factor in here, but what I can say is that we feel pretty good about our ability to execute either option.
Brian Doubles: That's exactly right. I think that the first option is more straightforward frankly. And the second option has a nice diversification angle to it that we like. And in both cases again we think we can execute either option, we can do it in a way to generates positive EPS result.
Brian Doubles: Yes, I mean as we said in the past like we have general underwriting guidelines that we apply across the entire business, but we also customize our underwriting by program by platform. So it's never been a one size fits all approach. We manage our programs to different loss rates based on the overall return as Margret said, that we're trying to achieve and we can do that in our programs using the customized underwriting. But at some point if you're not getting the return for the credit risk, you're taking then you know that becomes unattractive.
Brian Doubles: No, I would not assume that. I mean the credit actions that we took over the past year and a half were fairly modest frankly and while they're having the desired result they were applied across pretty much the entire business.
Brian Doubles: Yes, it really doesn't create much of a concern for us. I think they are wider by maybe 35 basis points. We're very focused though as you know on deposit growth. That's our most attractive funding source. We're still seeing really good growth on deposits. We got very a strong franchise there that we continue to build out. So I think like any pressure that we see in the fixed income spreads in the unsecured or secured markets, we think we can offset and with higher deposit growth. So overall we don't think that's a big impact to how to think about net interest margins going forward.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So very consistent this quarter with prior quarters, if you look at purchase volume by FICO stratification we continue to see really good growth in that 721 plus FICO range. So sales on those accounts was up 8% this quarter versus the prior year and then purchase volume on accounts below 650 FICO declined 13%, so very similar to prior periods. And again that's a - we still expect that to be a relatively short term phenomenon. I think we'll start to lap that in the first half of 2019 and you'll see that influence our overall growth rate for the company in a positive way.
Brian Doubles: Yes, sure. So look I think we're always interested in pursuing diversification opportunities if we can do it at attractive returns. And as we look at adjacencies to what we do today, this is a pretty close adjacency. So we think there's you know minimal execution risk. As you said, it's pretty competitive out there, particularly in the higher end, so I don't think that's where we would play, but we think we can carve out a very profitable niche for ourselves here. We're pretty confident given what the early returns on Toys"R"Us and some of the trends that we're seeing there that we can develop an attractive value proposition that works for a segment of the population. So we're seeing better activation on that portfolio than we thought we would. We're seeing good usage and so we think that this is a strategy for us longer term. We're going to be cautious and careful around it. We're going to continue to test on the accounts that we have today. And then as you think about you know that second option for Walmart, we do think that in that scenario we can convert a fairly significant number of those customers to a general purpose card. As I said earlier, about 50% of the Walmart portfolio today is a dual card, so they're kind of acting like a general purpose card already. And if you look at the spend on those cards it's about 60% outside of Walmart. So that gives us some comfort that there is a population there that we can convert and would be very receptive to a Synchrony branded card with a very attractive value proposition.
Brian Doubles: That's right. So were viewing the $2.5 billion as incremental to what we would have otherwise gone and asked for as part of a capital plan. So while we may include a portion of it in a capital plan in order to get formal approval from the board and our regulators, we are viewing that as incremental. We do expect to execute it in 2019. We think it will be done in the second half of 2019. We've had preliminary discussions with our board and our regulators on it. Obviously there will be a formal approval process that we have to go back around, but at this point we do feel pretty good about our ability to execute it.
Brian Doubles: Without getting too specific, I think in all of these cases whether it's Toys"R"Us, whether it's Walmart we have options at our disposal to offset the EPS impact or at least mitigate a substantial portion of it through the strategies or similar strategies that we've outlined here for Walmart. So look, I think what's important is we have options available. We can execute those options. We feel comfortable with them and they give us a nice EPS offset.
Brian Doubles: Most of our contracts would play out similar to this one in that either the portfolio moves to a new issuer or we retain it and we would run a similar strategy to what we're proposing here and convert the cards to a Synchrony branded product or I should say you know potentially another program in the company. So it does depend a little bit on the contract, but the financial outcome would be very similar.
