Greg Ketron: Thanks operator. Good morning everyone and welcome to our quarterly earnings conference call. Thanks for joining us. In addition to today's press release, we have provided a presentation that covers the topics we plan to address during our call. The press release detailed financial schedules in presentation are available on our Web site synchronyfinancial.com. This information can be accessed by going to the Investor Relations section of the Web site. Before we get started, I want to remind you that our comments today will include forward-looking statements. These statements are subject to risks and uncertainty and actual results could differ materially. We list the factors that might cause actual results to differ materially in our SEC filings which are available on our Web site. During the call, we will refer to non-GAAP financial measures and discussing the company's performance. You can find a reconciliation of these measures to GAAP financial measures in our materials for today's call. Finally, Synchrony Financial is not responsible for and does not edit nor guarantee the accuracy of our earnings teleconference transcripts provided by third parties. The only authorized webcast are located on our Web site. Now it's my pleasure to turn the call over to Margaret.
Greg Ketron: That concludes our comments on the quarter. We will now begin the Q&A session so that we can accommodate as many of you as possible. I'd like to ask participants to please limit yourself to one primary and one follow up question. If you have additional questions, the Investor Relations team will be available after the call. Operator please start the Q&A session.
Greg Ketron: Thanks for joining us on the call this morning. The Investor Relations team will be available to answer any further questions you may have. We hope you have a great day.
Brian Doubles: Thanks Margaret. Good morning everyone. I'll begin my comments today on Slide 5. We have made significant investments to develop leading digital technologies, which have been essential to delivering a seamless customer experience and helped us to drive both organic growth and acquire new programs. The rise of e-commerce and digital shopping experiences has required innovation to ensure that programs work seamlessly across whatever channel a customer uses. That means that cardholders must have access to their cards, rewards and account information across all channels seamlessly. Innovations such as digital apply, digital servicing and Synchrony plug-in or SyPi and help to meet the ever evolving requirements of our partners and their customers. Digital apply is a powerful tool for credit applications that we can configure to each partner. It is an adaptive and responsive user experience that integrates dynamic and intelligent presale to minimize the number of fields an applicant needs to enter and can pre-qualify known customers. It can also incorporate first purchase offers, coupons and incentives. Our digital servicing platform provides quick and easy access to key account servicing functionality that is optimized for the mobile experience. We have also developed virtual assistant servicing capabilities and Amazon Alexa and Google Home. Cardholders can do things like check their balance or make a card payment. Synchrony plug-in or SyPi is another powerful innovation that can quickly and seamlessly be integrated into a partner's mobile approximately. Through this platform, customers can apply for credit, service their account and check for and redeem earned rewards. These innovations are having meaningful impacts on our ability to grow our online mobile channels. The digital sales penetration for our retail card consumers has been growing. Digital sales penetration was 34% in the second quarter. Overall nearly 50% of our applications are happening online with the mobile channel alone growing 47% over the same quarter of last year. Furthermore, we now have over 2 billion of payments being made to SyPi and 200% average annual growth in visits since we launched the platform in July of 2016. While these are significant achievements, we are continuing to make important investments to stay ahead of this evolving landscape. We're focused on meeting customers where they are with the features they need and conveniences they may not yet have contemplated. Turning to Slide 6, as you know data and the ability to analyze and make it actionable has increasingly become an integral part of the success of our programs. We have developed an integrated data ecosystem that leverages a broad set of data assets from Synchrony, our retail partners and other external sources to transform customer experiences through personalized marketing, enhanced credit underwriting, optimized customer servicing and informed fraud strategies. We are developing transformative, innovative data and analytic capabilities driven by customer behavior data, which will enable us and our partners to engage with customers more deeply than ever before. It empowers us to provide the right experience to the right channel at the right time. The value of data analytics has demonstrated on Slide 6 of today's presentation where examples are provided to illustrate how data analytics is having a direct impact on program results. Through use of shared data and analytics we have been able to improve credit line assignments for certain partners best customers by 20% to 30%. This results in a better customer experience and drives more sales for our partners and at the same time provides improved economics for the program. Also enhanced customer segmentation powered by data and advanced analytics techniques has proven to lead to a reduction of observed fraud rates, customer behavior scores are good predictors of fraud. Customers that have low engagement with our partners have the highest propensity for fraud as much as 70 to 90 higher. Customer segmentation based on customer engagement with our partners also allows us to build more effective targeting and offer strategies for marketing campaigns. Increasing our campaign returns, while enhancing the customer experiences. These strategies help us drive increases in customer spending and higher account balances. Given the powerful results of data analytics, we will keep investing and it's an important component of our business focusing on new methods to leverage and activate integrated data assets to help drive program performance and enhance the user experience. With that, I'll turn the call over to Brian Wenzel.
Brian Doubles: Great. Thanks Moshe. The way I would think about it is, you have a core capital return plan based upon our earnings. If you look at how the Wal-Mart capital gets freed up we had $522 million of reserves which released in the first quarter, $247 million in the second quarter. We've guided to $250 million in third and $100 million in the fourth. When you tax effect that and then look at the capital it gets released upon the portfolio conveyance in the fourth quarter that's kind of how you should think about how capital gets freed up and the gains you can think about for 2019.
Brian Doubles: Yes. Sure, Bill. I mean absolutely I think we view digital as a big initiative for us both in terms of driving growth, driving revenue for our partners. Again, existing partners but also winning new relationships. And every time we win a new relationship obviously given our scale, we get real efficiencies and real operating leverage there. But, then if you look at everything that one of our customers does through a digital channel saves us money. It saves us money the more we're able to move towards e-statements and people checking their statements on either in the app or online whether they're making payments through the app and we have now over 2 billion of payments that are coming through our SyPi apps. I think these are all things that drive real efficiency for the company. So I would absolutely think about it as driving both top-line growth, revenue growth as well as operating efficiency.
Brian Doubles: Yes. The net margin was right where we expected to be in line with expectations. As they move sequentially, there was a decline in [indiscernible] which is primarily related to the acquisition of the PayPal Credit portfolio, a slight shift in the [indiscernible] with our loan receivables down 50 basis points versus the first quarter and then nine basis points of pressure from our interest expense. So again, it was in line with where we thought it would be and for the year, again we still expect 15.75% to 16%.
Brian Doubles: Yes. I can't really speak for what others are doing in the industry what I would say is, we made some refinements back in the '16 and '17 timeframe. We make refinements every day based upon what we see in the portfolios and channels that we operate in. We are not I'd say making significant changes either opening the credit throttle or closing the credit throttle and we are operating the portfolio. And I think you can see through our results when you look at 30 plus and 90 plus delinquencies ex PayPal and Wal-Mart being deep down year-over-year that we see stabilizing [Technical Difficulty]. So, we're not in a position where we're going to take actions either way as we move forward here. So we're comfortable with credit how it is performing, the vintages as we look at them, the 17, I'm sorry, the 18 vintage is performing in line and back to almost the '16 or '15 vintage and the early results on our '19 vintage are in line with '18. So, we're comfortable with where credit is at and we're not taking any significant changes.
Margaret Keane: Yes. So far, the first thing that's really great that we've completed the conversion which was a fairly significant sized conversion for us and that went really seamlessly which we're really excited about. And I think now we can refocus our attention on a list of initiatives we have that really are targeted to drive growth for the program. I think we have our teams working closely together, I would say it's a really strong partnership and we're really working on both technology enhancements as well as program enhancements to really be even more integrated as we go into the marketplace and really work with the merchant base of PayPal, so we see this as a big part of our growth story going forward.
Margaret Keane: Yes. We work closely with PayPal in terms of how we're building out this global strategies with them. And they're pretty sophisticated on the credit side. So, I think we're going to approach this in a thoughtful way. And as Brian said, there's no plans to just open up the throttle in any way or treat PayPal any differently than our other portfolios and the environment we're in right now. But, I can say that the integration of two of us how we think about marketing and really the -- a lot of the growth that really is important on the digital front is really around placement and offers. And I think PayPal is really good at this and we're working very closely with them to make sure we're offering the credit in the right places. And that really makes a big difference in terms of the quality of the customer that you get in and your ability to approve accounts.
Margaret Keane: Yes. I would say we're excited about where the businesses position right now and we do feel like we're winning because of our digital capability, our data analytics capability and some of the things we continue to build out. I would say there's not a lot of big deals out there Sanjay. A couple of big deals maybe in the next two, three years will come up, but our pipeline and all three platforms is pretty robust. And what we're trying to make sure we do is ensure we're winning the deals that meet the returns that we're comfortable with. But I think there's enough out there that we feel confident that we can win both existing portfolios and startups.
Brian Wenzel: Yes, John. Hey, this is Brian. Yes, absolutely. I think this is an area that continues to be a real strength for us. It's an area that we've been investing pretty heavily in over -- really the last five years. I think it's -- if you look at our investment in pay phone, our acquisition of GPShopper. We're now getting 50% of our apps through the digital channel. If you look at mobile we've seen 47% growth year-over-year really good online sales penetration at retail card, it's about 3x the national average. And so, as we think about it it's really -- its acquisition all the way through servicing and paying your bill. And so, part of this is clearly an efficiency play. We love the fact that customers can apply for credit. It reduces our acquisition costs all the way to the back-end making a payment and not having to call somebody in customer service. But I think if you look even beyond that. This is really helping us drive organic growth, but also helping us when new programs, so it's a real differentiator for us.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thanks John. We really can't get into too much detail around some of those assumptions. Obviously, we are primarily a card based company. We have some commercial products, but again, we're working through those assumptions now going through the various constituencies we have where there are accounts or participants in and when we generally believe we're in line with other card issuers.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thank you. The first thing I'd say is that, obviously the range we announced this morning doesn't really impact our capital plan. First of all for [Technical Difficulty] going through the period 2020. As we think about capital, the posting of these additional reserves really, really creates additional loss absorption capacity which reduces our unexpected buffer really in the capital range. So when we think about it, we obviously believe that we should get credit for posting these losses and really reduce our capital threshold or CET1 threshold. That's discussions we've begun to have with our regulators and work out over time. But again, this loss absorption capacity is being built through the posting of reserves should allow us to lower this CET1 ultimately over time is our belief.
Brian Wenzel: Our discussion with the rating agencies preliminarily has been that they don't believe CESO is really a credit event. They understand the loss absorption capacity. We're familiar with their models and we're in discussions with them as well about how we think about the additional buffer that's put in by posting these reserves upfront. So, we are engaged with both of our agencies.
Brian Wenzel: Great. Thank you. The way I think about it is, our reserves going forward should primarily be growth driven. What we see as we look into the back half of this year, we see an acceleration of growth as we move forward [Technical Difficulty] stable growth of 3% the first quarter, 4% in the second quarter. We guided to 5% to 7% range and we expect that growth to accelerate in the back half of the year really through all of our programs and platforms. We're seeing terrific growth out of our payment solutions platform through the expansion of the auto and home network there. Through care credit and the broader acceptance is happening there as well as Brian has kind of highlighted some of our fast growing digital channels. So we do see an acceleration in the back half of the year in growth. And again, the reserve should be primarily growth driven as we move forward.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. You are right. The capital impact would be phased in over three years as part of our capital is going to originate through regulators we incorporated our initial estimate of CESO into that and we will continue to work with them. With regard to how that's treated again, we think about it as building losses absorption capacity and our CET1 rate should come down over time and be in line with peers first of all. But, taking account the fact that we're posting these higher reserves.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Thank you. Let me start with the second one as far as the interest rate environment. Obviously, we know what's modeled out there today which is a forecast of three movements. We have done several models and scenarios where we've looked at the impact of rates on our business. And generally when you think about our business or assets and liabilities are fairly well-matched against each other. And we really try not to take exposure to rates. So we're fairly balanced whether it's a rising rate environment or declining rate environment. So, when we look at those models that we've done, we're fairly comfortable or comfortable with that. The net interest margin for the year will be in the 15.75% to 16% range. And then we've had the ability really to manage our retail deposits and CD business. And we've lowered rates on CDs 5x since April this year with lower high yield savings really relating to the competition of the market and where the interest rate forecast is going. So we felt comfortable that we can deliver on our net interest margin again given our balance sheet we're not really exposed to interest rate movements. With regard to the accommodative Fed, we obviously work with them on CESO and capital, they obviously know there's a large transition that's going on in the market for participants and they understand that I think are going to be fairly flexible in the short term.
Brian Wenzel: Recoveries again this quarter was 1.2% of our average loan receivables, so better than we expected and what we guided to really from the first quarter. And we're seeing that one we are seeing better pricing across most of our channels. We're seeing greater demand from the participants in the marketplace. So obviously, we were a little bit more opportunistic as I think about the first half of the year. But, I'd say overall recovery outside of those onetime transactions and flow arrangements recoveries, the results and performance is better than our expectations.
Brian Wenzel: The only thing I would probably add to that is, while PayPal operates at a slightly higher net charge off rate than the portfolio itself, the risk adjusted margin and the returns that we get of that portfolio really compensate for that. And again, when you contemplate that relative issue Wal-Mart [indiscernible] this year obviously from a credit perspective, we're better off as a company.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So only just clarifying, I wish we say we can opt-in as [indiscernible] unfortunately that is a requirement for us. As I think about capital as we move forward here, obviously we're very comfortable with the resiliency of the earnings of our business the way in which performs the returns of our business as well as offsets and we look at that. And then begin to look at the impact of CESO, we believe that we're going able to drive down our CET1 ratio because right now we're in excess of peers. We're migrating down when we started a number of years ago at 18% down. We believe we'll be able to be in line with our peers over the long-term. So, we don't really expect an impact from those rules on us.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. I can't comment exact long-term target, but again we are working to get in line with our peers, given the profile of our business that's where we think we should operate. And that's the discussions that we're having with them.
Brian Wenzel: Obviously as the rules come out we'll assess them and engage in dialogue and be compliant with them. So again, we'll be nimble.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So, when you look at it we are seeing a slightly higher revolve rate in the core business and some of the impact again of the interest rates movement is moving into the portfolio. The yield decline is solely related to where the majority of is related to the impact of the PayPal Credit portfolio that comes in at a lower yield. But again, we took pricing actions last year on the portfolio. They begun to take effect into the book but they take a long time under new [Kodak] [ph] rules and we expect that to be fully in a run rate basis in 2020. So it's really the acquisition of PayPal Credit that's driving the decline.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. Again, our marketing and business development line that will fluctuate a little bit with regard to campaigns when we do reissuances, we relaunch value proposition. So there is some variability with that. We are not a big spender in commercials things like that. We've done some things in order to position our brand externally -- but that's -- we're not going to migrate into other peers, it's been tens of millions, hundreds of millions of dollars into that it's just more thoughtful branding. Again, we expect that to grow generally in line with their volume and loan receivable growth.
Brian Wenzel: Yes. So let me deal with your margin question first, Sanjay. As we kind of go in there, we will obviously get the run rate of PayPal from the CIT come in. We're not providing today's specific guidance as it relates to 2020 as we'll do that in January as part of a more comprehensive look. The biggest change obviously is Wal-Mart portfolio coming out which operates at a higher net interest margin relative to its losses. So there will be some effect there, we'll provide more guidance to you in January with regard to the trends and we'll certainly have greater visibility to work through interest rate environments doing. With regard to expenses again, we're projecting 31% or going to 31% for the year. We're very comfortable with that. As you think about going into 2020 again we'll provide guidance on that. Obviously, we've converted from an interim servicing basis this quarter from PayPal to us so there's be some line item shifts that happen in there. So that will be fully in the run rate. And again, we started to implement some of the Wal-Mart cost out and be any part of the year for some of the fixed costs. In the back half of the year particularly in the fourth quarter, you'll see the variable costs come out, now we'll get into the run rate as we move into 2020.
Don Fandetti: Thank you. So on the NIM, I think in the last quarter you said that NIM would be down slightly in Q2. It feels like it's down a little more than that but you've mentioned it's in line with your internals, it kind of maybe a tiny bit towards the lower end of your internal or is it just bouncing around? And then I have a credit question.
Don Fandetti: Okay. And then, I think Synchrony is largely through their underwriting adjustments that started back in 2015 or '16. But if take those mixed signals out in the card business right now at least in general purpose you have companies like JPMorgan accelerating growth CapitalOne raising, potentially raising lines. Within private label, what are you seeing competitors do in terms of underwriting tightening and do you think that the industry is actually shifting to a little bit more of an aggressive card lending sort of positioning overall.
Don Fandetti: Okay. And then on the recoveries, are you seeing better pricing or was this just kind of like a bulk sale, a little bit of color on the higher recoveries. I know they can bounce around quarter-to-quarter.
Betsy Graseck: Hi. Question on -- I just wanted to understand a bit about PayPal. I know you've very nicely carved out the NCO x PayPal and Wal-Mart and just then also the loan growth outlook. I'm just looking to understand as we think about your go-to-market strategy with PayPal because I would think that this is a portfolio that has opportunity for a significant loan growth and spend growth. And just wanted to understand how you're toggling that with the credit side.
Betsy Graseck: And then just a follow question is regarding the outlook for capital I know you touched on it earlier, but if we've got the Fed coming out with this tailoring rule and you guys don't even have to do CESO, I know you opt-in in your own way. But when you read the tea leaves of what's going on with how the Fed is thinking about the SCB and how it's thinking about the tailoring rule, should we be anticipating that you can have a lower starting point for what your stress levels of capital are or does that some of these new portfolios change that and say well that's an offset so we should still be running at the capital levels that we've been talking about.
Betsy Graseck: Eleven-ish or something like that is really where peers are kind of triangulating too. So that's what makes sense for you.
