Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss, and I'll get into that for you, Jeff. The cash position right now at the holding company is good after the recent debt offering. We've got roughly $1.1 billion, $1.2 billion. We have to make the payment on the maturing Samurai notes of about $400 million in September. So let's anticipate that and say we've got about $700 million or so with the Life company -- I mean at the holding company. Having gone through the substantial bulk of the de-risking process from a realized loss perspective, we're now looking at our tax projections for the remainder of 2011 and doing cash flow planning for 2011 and '12. Let me just say that from a cash perspective, tax is a significant item that we have to look out for and watch because the realized losses are deductible for tax purposes in Japan, and we get a tax benefit from them. But in the U.S., in the consolidated return, we don't get to take a tax benefit for realized losses unless we have offsetting realized gains. So what happens from a cash perspective is that you reduce your income in the FSA statements in Japan, you get a tax benefit for it. It reduces the normal repatriation that occurs between Japan and the U.S. But in the U.S., we've got to pay the same amount of tax we would have paid if we didn't have the realized losses. So with a lower foreign tax credit, it means more cash is going out of the U.S. And so we've got a cash management exercise in front of us, and we're running through the numbers as we speak. We'll say that we're doing some -- developing some mitigation strategies that we can use to generate capital gains that we can use to offset some of these realized losses that are otherwise not deductible for tax purposes. And as you know, in the statutory accounting, a lot of the taxes were handled pretty much on a cash basis. There are some nominal deferred tax credits and the like that you can take advantage of but we pretty much reached the limit on our admissible deferred tax credits on the statutory. And so we're looking more at statutory taxes being incurred on a cash basis. That didn't totally answer your question in terms of numbers, but I don't have the numbers at the moment because we are finalizing the statutory results and running through the tax planning process. But we are very pleased that we think we've got the bulk of the losses behind us. I think it'll fare well for us not having to offset the strong operating earnings by realize losses for RBC purposes, for solvency margin purposes and the like. And ultimately, our cash position will improve even more.
Kriss Cloninger: Ed, let me say that if we left the impression that share repurchase and financial de-risking were mutually exclusive, then we miscommunicated. They're very closely linked because they directly affect our ability to generate earnings on a statutory basis, and our dividend capacity is -- normal dividend capacity is controlled by statutory earnings, less realized losses. And we think...
Kriss Cloninger: Oh, well, you're correct, and that's the point I was trying to make. So to me, they're directly linked. And when we were at the fab meeting, we, quite frankly, weren't totally sure what the level of financial loss associated with de-risking would be, but we aggressively pursued it, not only after fab but before fab. We did a lot of de-risking in the first quarter and we followed it up with more in the second quarter. So now we've got more visibility. And so that outlook for share repurchase is significantly improved. And I'll be able to give you a better update, Ed, on anticipated share repurchase activity after we complete this cash management exercise we're going through now trying to project our tax position and our cash position and our statutory earnings for the remainder of 2011, taking into account the realized losses that we incurred this quarter. I can say that from an earnings perspective, we don't need to do a lot of share repurchase in the remainder of 2011 to make our earnings target. And we're somewhat -- we're always conservatively biased when we're looking at meeting our earnings estimates and certainly significant levels of share repurchase bolster earnings capability. Part of the reason we raised the guidance for 2012 from 0 to 5 to 2 to 5 was we kind of eliminated some of the murkiness associated with the cloud around how much realized loss we would end up taking as part of de-risking, and how much share repurchase we were going to be able to do. I put out there in assumption that we might do no share repurchase in 2012. But I think that's off the table now. We'll definitely be able to do some share repurchase if our operating assumptions are met. But whether we're in a position to apply $1 billion or $2 billion to share repurchase, we just hadn't determined yet. But those are still pretty high numbers, because we do still have a fairly uncertain outlook, I think, as far as other economic developments. I mean, we've got to get the stupid debt deal done in the U.S. for one thing, and who knows how that's going to affect world markets. But we've assumed that as of this day, and with no materially adverse economic developments, we're going to be in good shape.
Kriss Cloninger: Darin, I think that the financial sales projection anticipated some decline in child endowment sales. I don't have those sales projections directly in front of me. But I believe that our actual experience is probably somewhat lower for child endowment sales than we had in the projection, partly because Dan and I have been directing Aflac Japan to reduce promotional efforts on child endowment and to increase promotional efforts on both the new cancer product and the WAYS product. And so we're trying to re-emphasize the desirability of selling the higher margin products. It's really the lower child endowment margin that's been driving the benefit ratio up some, and the overall margin preventing the expansion at the same level we've seen in the past. So we think the trends are moving in the right direction relative to selling higher margin products. Let me just leave it at that.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say that I think Dan said we're looking at things from an optimistic point of view. He really meant opportunistic.
Kriss Cloninger: That was one thing that I kind of tripped over there. But we're looking at things from an opportunistic point of view, being able to do the right thing at the right time. Otherwise, that was a strong statement.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, I don't believe it had any significant effect on us directly, John. I know that we were rated AA at the time and the rating agencies told us that we couldn't be rated higher than the government of the country where we had our principal operations. And so that was one indirect effect. It really had no significant effect on JGB yields that I was aware of. I'd say the yields went up somewhat, but so did the [indiscernible] went up a lot when Japan got down rated. So I just alluded to the budget dilemma in Washington because my big concern is not so much the effect on our U.S. Treasuries but what overflowing effect it might have to Europe and even Japan, particularly if it impacted interest rates in Europe or economic conditions in Europe, which I doubt that it would. But anyway, we don't have any specific major concerns about the budget dilemma in Washington. I just used that as an example of economic uncertainty that seems to crop up every day.
Kriss Cloninger: Right now, our projections for '11 and '12 have been growing at approximately the same rate. It is possible that U.S. could start growing faster than Japan because more of the U.S. premium income is first year premium, as opposed to -- it's about 33% first year in the U.S. compared to about 9% first year in Japan. So the U.S. is more reactive to changes in new sales and earnings directly follow or in premium. So it's possible that if U.S. gets good new sales, that'll convert to premiums over the course of the year and the growth rates could be faster in the U.S. than Japan.
Paul Amos: This is Paul. Let me begin by talking about recruiting. I must tell you that licensed sales associates is a number that we publish, but it's not a number that I manage our business from. As I've said in years past, really beginning about 2005, focused more on average weekly producers, the ability to produce the amount that's being produced is kind of the 2 factors that drive our business. I think Tom and our sales team, working with our marketing team, has done an awesome job of turning around our total recruiting. And I think it's 2 consecutive quarters of great recruiting. It really began back in the end of the third quarter of last year when we set the initiative, began communicating it. I told you at that time, it would take a period time to begin to get it turned. The combination of focus on that topic as well as our DRTV and some of the things that we've done that generated incredibly good results, and I'm very happy with where recruiting is. What I do want to see longer-term is that, that recruiting generates both new associate premium, as well as average weekly producer growth over the long term. I'm less concerned about the number of licensed agents. It's not how many people have a license, it's how many people are actually selling our products that makes a difference for us.
Paul Amos: It's a time lag, Andrew. It's a time lag. I mean, my expectation is although there is no guarantee that as we move forward, if things are moving in the right direction that average weekly producers should begin to grow. And so recruits happen first, we would train them, we'd get them into production and eventually they'll begin to make headway on moving toward being a part of our average weekly producer. So our recruit and train model should begin to generate that.
Paul Amos: No. No, he got cut off. Let me finish. I don't know if you can bring him back but if not, I'll just finish the second part of his question. He asked about the sales. And I think it's a fair question. What I told you at the end of last quarter was we had one data point. We now have 2 data points, and I would much rather see 3 and 4 before I begin to make predictions. Am I happy with where we are? Yes, I'm very happy with where we are. If you take the first quarter and you take out the additional day, it drops it from 6 back to 5, and if you take the extra day and add it to the second quarter, it takes it from right at 6 and moves it to 7. So I'm very happy, I think the second quarter was better performance than the first quarter in terms of what I think, and I'm hoping to continue to see things move. Again, this is only our second big year in group business. We don't know how the fourth quarter is going to pan out. We continue to see positive signs as we move forward. But the fourth quarter number from last year is a large number. So I want to see where things go. I think some time in October, if not January, I'm going to feel comfortable really talking about things, but I think it would be a mistake not to say that momentum is extremely high. I've been traveling around the country meeting with our sales associates, they seem extremely optimistic. And I think that what we've done with our product portfolio has put us in a place that combined with our product marketing to be very successful going forward. But it's too early to say that the turn is completely in when you've got the economic factors where they are. We've dealt in the last few years with the economy being very difficult. I know this morning we got a good report on jobs supposedly, but in reality, we're not seeing jobs as optimistic out there in terms of small businesses as they were 180 days ago. So I want to see what's going to happen. I think our team is executing well with some performance places. We can continue to do better. But at the same time, there are economic factors that continue to hang over us, and that overhang will dictate how high we can go both the remainder of this year, as well as sales in 2012.
Paul Amos: Steve, that's be great to talk about it. You're right. The field force we did comment on in Dan's comments, it was doing extremely well in selling the group products. And I think that has been the greater surprise to us. I think all along, we assumed that group products would sell well through the broker market. As I've said, since we launched our broker initiative really going full time in 2009 and all the implementations we've made, things continue to go in the right direction. We're moving. We're growing and we're seeing positive growth in that. I feel confident that we continue to build these relationships. Relationships on the local level have long since been something Aflac has done. We wrote almost $200 million for several years, leading up to launching of our broker initiative. The relationships at the regional level are coming on faster. It's just a level of our ability to get in and out of the brokerage offices. And then relationships on a national level have done well in terms of our procurement on the corporate level, and now we're beginning to move them down toward the producer level. So do I feel good about what's going on? I think we're executing a plan, I think we're moving in the right direction, I think we could always continue to find ways to operationally improve. But I'm still confident that the group business will continue to be something that opens up the broker market for us. And our agents that are selling that business is really just icing on the cake in terms of our ability to grow. But it just -- we really point that out to you all to show you more that the group business isn't a single channel move. It's something that applies for both the broker channel, as well as the field force channel, and has really reinvigorated a lot of things in our business.
Daniel Amos: Yes. The only other comment I would make is on top of all the disaster issues sales, trying to all of a sudden get your sales force to also change one of the products they're selling makes it difficult. But they've achieved it, and what you don't see is you see that sales were down 1.2% in endowment for the quarter. But what you don't see is that April was up, May was down and June was down even more, and our tracking for July shows it's even down even further. So they have definitely shifted. I give our management team at Aflac Japan credit for that. And as I've said, there are other reasons for that. It's an older product. It's been out there 2 years. And basically, they've made a pass at everybody, and now it's only the newborns. And in addition to that, there's a question of whether or not the government will even keep it or certainly reduce it. So all in all, I feel real good that that's in place in the second half. We're going to move on to WAYS which I've mentioned has more than 100% increase in the profit margin over the endowment.
Daniel Amos: I think we don't think we'll have meaningful losses. The one point that I wanted to make in that speech was that this is the time that we ought to hit everything we could. I mean we met and then we met again on -- look, if we've got it clean the house out, get it over with. And we have 4 others that we considered that were below investment grade. And we came to the conclusion that they were good. There was senior your debt on a couple of them. And so we made that decision that we thought they were all right. So to the best of our ability, unless there's some dramatic change, we think the majority of the losses are over. That isn't to say there may not be some small amount here and there or profit here and there. But I think it's basically over, and that's what we were trying to do, was end it by the second quarter. And we think we've achieved that provided there isn't any major issue that comes forward in the future.
Daniel Amos: I think we'll evaluate each position and look at it from an optimistic perspective of what we think might be out there. Certainly, we moved away and changed our focus to where -- as you know, we've moved away from financials. You've seen that cut dramatically. You've seen us move away in terms of the PIIGS and not made any investments there. So the numbers, as a percent of the portfolio, continue to drop and will continue to drop going forward. If we were offered opportunities to change investments in other areas, we'll evaluate it and see what it offers. We are truly going through a restructuring now, and viewing ourself from a pre-financial crisis to a post-financial crisis of our investments. And everything's on the table of looking at what will be our best strategy going forward to manage this company. And I really believe our operational issues are minor. I think we're running on, especially consider the economies, I think we're doing great operationally. So my biggest issue out there is investments. And we have a board that has an investment committee that is very laser-focused on this. And you're going to see us concentrating and giving more information to keep it as transparent as we can, everything we're doing and how we're doing it going forward.
Daniel Amos: I think the other comment I would make, it's the fourth quarter we're worried about. The third quarter, I think, will have a nice increase. But I think the fourth quarter, our numbers were so big. I think it was the biggest quarter in the company's history.
Daniel Amos: And that's our real issue. If we know that -- it's not the trending down us much as it is the comparison to the previous years. So we'll have to watch it and see. But there's no trend that we think is changing in terms of the projection of our sales going forward. It's simply the comparisons of the year before that's our worry.
