Dan Amos: I think it’s probably best for Teresa and Rich to handle the aperture. The premise of your question is correct. Broker group driven sales will hold up better under this environment than agent-driven small business sales for sure. So Teresa and Rich.
Dan Amos: Koji? Yes, we’ll have Koji or Koide-san address that. I would tell you that if what your question is, do you expect to build some form of marketing campaign surrounding the Olympics that is not in the plans and not normally what we would do. What we are doing, however, is building marketing campaigns around the launch of our new products and particularly taking advantage of a heightened awareness for supplemental health products in the COVID environment. So Koji and Koide-san, you can address it with more detail.
Dan Amos: Yes. So Greg, I think we will be operating in a fairly stable environment. We obviously are running at fairly high capital levels and that is putting some pressure on ROE as we go forward. So it makes it somewhat challenging to continue to sort of operating in the strong ROE levels that we have been in the mid-teens. Like for example this year, we came in slightly above 15% for the full year. That being said, I do think that long-term, one way to sort of think about our business is, it’s a fairly capital light products that we sell, both in Japan and in the U.S. And over time I would expect that we should sort of run into sort of 600 basis points above our cost of capital is a reasonable way to sort of think about where our ROE should be over time. Because we don’t have a whole lot of interest rate sensitivity, but it does play a factor in terms of what sort of driving the ROE as well.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Carol, and thank you all for joining our call this morning. We look forward to speaking with you soon, if you have any additional follow-ups. And I wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
Max Broden: That’s right, Fred. And John, as you remember, we did a – we had a campaign in the third quarter and obviously we had the impact on our benefit ratio in the U.S. in the third quarter both from paid claims, but also that we established an IBNR associated with that wellness campaign. As you now look at the impact on the fourth quarter, you did not really see any impact follow through into the fourth quarter because of the IBNR that we established in the third quarter. Going forward, we would expect these to be more normal activity for us. There may be instances with any significant campaigns that could trigger an increase in claims temporarily, but generally be relatively small. But if you refer specifically to the campaign, the big campaign we had in the third quarter, that hit the benefit ratio in the third quarter and we didn’t really have much of a follow through into the fourth quarter.
Max Broden: Let me kick it off at a high level. And I have Todd to fill in the blanks as well. Specifically for the fourth quarter, we had an reserve release all of about JPY 7 billion that is higher than we would normally incur in a quarter. We estimate that lowered the benefit ratio by about a 130 basis points in the quarter. And this is because of the paid claims pattern that we’re seeing primarily to the non-COVID-related claims activity as – that Fred referred to in his prepared remarks. Going forward, you could obviously see an impact on the benefits ratio temporarily from an element of the sort of pent-up demand for hospitalizations, like elective surgery, physicals, et cetera. I think that’s much more the case in the U.S. than in Japan, where the Japan hospital system have been running at a more normal level than what we’ve seen here in the U.S. So you could see a little bit of a higher benefit ratio from that, but this has been taken into consideration when we gave you the benefit ratio range at FAB of 68.5% to 71% in our outlook. So I’ll leave it at that and Todd, please feel free to give some additional comments.
Max Broden: Yes. One thing Greg to I would add is, yes, you’re seeing a bit of a migration from EPS to ROE, but also from GAAP earnings to cash flow valuation and the cash flow dynamics of the company remain extremely strong even further advanced than that. I think particularly soon when it comes to Aflac, you’re going to want to focus in on economic value. And what I mean by that is, if you think about our goal with the new businesses we’ve brought on, which is network dental and vision, absentee management, disability and life true group if you will, and then the direct-to-consumer. These are businesses that we expect to combine, contribute upwards of $1 billion of earned premium over the next five to seven years. And that earned premium will have a different GAAP profit dynamic associated with it because it’s in building mode. And as you know, direct-to-consumer, you don’t DAC expenses and so by definition you have lower reported profit. At the same time that business if actuarially appraised, absolutely has value and some would argue great value as you can imagine. So I think as we communicate going forward, it’s not just communicating on EPS and ROE, but it’s also communicating on cash flow and the economic value that we’re driving in the company for the long run.
