Teresa White: Jimmy, I’ll let Rich speak to the sales question. I’ll just make a strategic comment. One of the things that we’re really focusing on is earned premium growth. And some of the tactical things that Rich will talk about, some of the decisions that we made have impacted the sales side from an earned premium growth, profitable earned premium growth perspective. So I’ll let Rich speak specifically to the sales.
Teresa White: We say it as a primary play. It’s a small business, and that’s where we see the greatest need. However, because of the Aflac brand and our partnerships with larger businesses, our larger brokers houses, we see an opportunity there as well.
Teresa White: The answer is yes. Consistent with Dan’s remark, we knew we were going to have a little bit of noise as it relates to persistency as we’ve started looking at some of partnerships. And again, the goal is generating high-quality sales with good persistency. And so we’re really trying to drive the earned premium – profitable earned premium growth perspective. So you’ve got it out in life
Teresa White: So, what we’re really doing is we’re assessing all of our contracts. Some of them are distributors; some of them are accounts, just the type of accounts that we sell. But at the end of the day, what we’re looking at is the overall persistency of the book of business that we have. And with that, we’re making assessments to say whether those folks make sense for us, whether those distributors that sell in specific areas make sense for us, and we’re making those decisions. Now as to the timing, I’m looking at the full year and making those assessments. And we believe, I think, our persistency is a 12-month rolling persistency. So we see it as working itself out in 2020.
Rich Williams: Thank you, Teresa. As Dan had mentioned, there were couple of tactical issues that created some headwinds in the quarter alone that we actually believe will be long-term favorable for sales and for earned premium growth. The first issue that we speak to, which occurs from time to time is simply large case volatility, and this also can create a little bit of noise and persistency, but we are actually comfortable with those decisions and confident it’s favorable to the company. Second, we consistently evaluate our partnerships to ensure they are profitable. And in the quarter, we made a decision to no longer move forward with a particular partnership, which impacts sales in the short term, but in terms of profitable earned premium growth will actually be positive to the company. And then, I think, the third part of your question, again, Dan alluded to the fact they were essentially flat year-to-date. We realized it would take a favorable second half of the year. We performed like that in prior years, but we know it’ll take a good finish to the second half of the year, which is why I think Dan mentioned we anticipate seeing growth for the year. We’ll leave it at that.
Rich Williams: All right. Thank you, Teresa, and I’ll just echo your comments. Obviously, the demand for network dental and vision continues to be very high. It is very consistent with our growth strategy in accessing all the markets that we know we want to serve. And it actually allows us to reach through all three of the distribution approaches that Dan mentioned our career agents, our brokers and direct-to-consumer. Again, just echoing the comments, I think, Fred mentioned it, we will in 2020 will have a measured rollout. And then in 2021, going forward, we’ll have a national rollout, and we’re very excited about this.
Rich Williams: So obviously we have projections that we’ve looked at over the long term for the network dental and vision. And I think what we would like to do is lay it out in more detail the entire business plan at the Financial Analyst Briefing in September.
Dan Amos: I’ll start with that and then if Japan wants to step in, they can say something. But what I would say is, is our projection is, as anytime something of this magnitude is brought up with – in this particular case Japan Post, it’s taken everyone’s attention over there. And so with that means there’s less attention on sales. So I do – we do expect some impact. We’re in July. So we don’t have numbers that we know that are representative of what the quarter will turn out to be. So it’s too hard to tell. But certainly, in my earlier comments, we are expecting some softness, and we’ll just have to watch it and see. And accordingly, we’ll – the one thing I will say is we’re having a better than what we had anticipated with our existing distribution channel. So they are doing quite well. So we will continue to push there as well, and then we’ll just take it and see what happens.
Dan Amos: The one thing I would note is, this dental and vision is predominantly for small- to medium-size accounts. The large accounts are much more aggressive and less profitable, and so we see this – it’s that correct space…
Dan Amos: The one thing in respect to Japan – I mean to U.S. group business was we were overwhelmed with the business when we first took it on. And Teresa is making absolutely sure that, that doesn’t happen in this case because we went backwards, before we took one step back – we took two steps forward. Teresa wants to make sure we take two steps forward. So we’re rolling this out in a more effective manner, and so that’s going to be very important. But everyone is excited about the potential for what it can do long term. Not – certainly not this year and not even next year because we’re just rolling this out.
Dan Amos: I wish I knew. I don’t know. We don’t think it’s going to be tremendous, and we certainly don’t think it’s long term because we believe Japan Post will fix whatever problems they’ve got as soon and as quickly as they can. I can give you more color on it at the end of the next quarter. But I’ve got to get a quarter under our belt to see. We never had an issue like this where another distribution channel has had a situation like this. And frankly, we don’t know all the inner workings nor should we expect to know what’s going on with Japan Post. We do know that they’re continuing to sell our product, and we know that consumers want and need cancer insurance and will be buying it, and it’s a top line issue in Japan to make sure they are covered. So other than that, I really do not know. But the claims review was an industry issue not specific to one insurer. So other than that, that’s my only comment.
Dan Amos: No. We did not consider suspending sales. We are licensed in 20-something thousand different post offices. I think other insurers are in much smaller amounts. And we feel our products are too important to suspend with no issue out there concerning us. So absolutely not.
Dan Amos: Well, let me point out that the quarterly, the alliance compliance committee meets to discuss any issues, and they’ve been doing it since 2013. So from that standpoint, it’s always been – and it doesn’t just cover compliance issues. They also relate to just cancer sales and what’s going on in that regard. But as far as our review, we’re just continuing to ask more questions and we will cover in greater detail at the FAB. But right now, we don’t have any drop-dead dates. We’re just monitoring what’s taking place because again we’ve had not a single complaint about it. And so from that standpoint, we’re just going out and making sure that we’re not seeing any other things. But at this time, we just don’t see it as a problem and are moving on by selling our products with that distribution channel.
Fred Crawford: Well, let me make sure that you understand the record – and this is Fred. There’s been no announcement or official plan to rollout any medical or additional third sector product within the Japan Post system. What is true is that one of the pillars of the alliance is to explore product extension, and it’s only natural that it would likely involve – to the degree we rollout additional product, it would likely involve third sector products. I wouldn’t be as specific as to say medical products per se. But those discussions are under development. As we’ve said before, this year 2019, is much more of a building out plans and looking for those opportunities that makes sense. What I’d also say is that it is very important. It’s always been very important that when we think about product, any new product in the Japan Post system that there’s really three parties involved. Obviously, Aflac and obviously the Japan Post postal system where we currently distribute cancer product. But we also are mindful of Japan Post Insurance and the type of product development activities they have underway. And so it’s really the three parties that need to come together and understand those dynamics when it comes to expanded product. But right now, there really are no official plans that are prepared for any type of announcement. It’s really more a planning year on that front.
Fred Crawford: I think one thing is for sure is that, the benefit ratio thus far year-to-date in Japan is traveling at the low end of our expected range. It is based on fundamentals in terms of the claims dynamics and associated reserve adjustments. Interesting, last year, you may recall the benefit ratio was somewhat brought down by lapse in reissue activity where you’d see naturally a lower benefit ratio and a higher expense ratio, as you release reserves on products and then write down DAC, et cetera. So you had a number of moving parts that were influencing ratios last year. So I think there is some stability in that favorable level of benefit ratios. I think you have to be careful because claims activity can move around. But given the size of our product set and the amount of in-force we have, they tend to be fairly stable. One thing I would note though is you have really more of an influence from mix than you do downward trends in third sector benefit ratio. If you look at third sector benefit ratio over the years, over the last two, three years, you’ve certainly seen that downward pressure and that’s helping results. And I would say, it’s stabilizing around the current levels. But what you see in terms of our reported benefit ratios on a consolidated basis is largely attributed to the mix shift from first sector to third sector. But the answer to your question, Andrew, is yes, there’s nothing that tells us that we would see certainly any deterioration. Material improvement, I think that’s a bit speculative at this point, but it’s certainly favorable.
Fred Crawford: I’ll start. This is Fred. I’ll start by answering and then certainly welcome any commentary from our Japan colleagues. But let me start by saying that it’s very difficult for us to make any assumptions around what the dynamics are as it relates to lapse and replacement or any sort of redundancy of policy dynamics that are being investigated on the Japan Post and Japan Post Insurance side. So I don’t want to speculate on the nature of those products other than to say it’s very different than a cancer product. In the case of our cancer products, remember, a great portion, if not all of the lapse and reissue activity, is really related to the fact that it is a greatly improved product. When you go four years between the improvement of an old cancer product and a new cancer product, you’re talking about fairly substantial advancements in the quality of coverage because there’s been substantial advancements in the quality of care treatment that has developed in the cancer space. The other dynamic that we added this year is we have a rider feature on the cancer product that allows for a premium waiver feature while you’re on claim, and that was new and also very attractive to the client and when you do a lapse, and so for starters, there’s really strong dynamics around the improvement for the client to move into a new cancer product. Now when you do, do a lapse and reissue, one of the things that you have to be very careful about is we’re reunderwriting the individual, okay? So there’s a new underwriting process. And our policies have essentiality a delay, if you will, coverage doesn’t kick in for about three months or so. That’s a natural feature of cancer products. So when you buy the cancer product, you go for a period, a wait period, so to speak, of about three months. And one of the things that we’re very, very careful about in our compliance standards and it’s all with the customer focus is we do not want any of our customers to go through any period of time where they have inadvertently gone naked on coverage or have no coverage, particularly with something that can be a severe and impactful as cancer diagnosis. So we take great strides to ensure that there is that level of consistency and coverage throughout, and that naturally will have a bit of an overlapping period for lapse and reissue, but it’s in the spirit of protecting the client. So I just want to make sure you understand. It’s a very different product dynamic. It requires a different type of attention to compliance to look out for the customers’ interest, and that makes it a very different dynamic than what we understand to be the situation in the broader level of investigation in products.
Fred Crawford: No. I would say, in general, our products, particularly as it relates to reserve adequacy and reserve reviews are not very sensitive to rate estimates. You will naturally – if you are resetting your long-term rate assumptions in your gross premium valuation work, you will naturally see that as a net negative to the margins you have. But it’s so overwhelmed by morbidity margin that we have in our products that it tends simply not to be a mover. We disclose, as you know, our gross premium valuation margins. And I’ve said this to my team here coming from companies that are in the retirement space, the type of GPV margins we have on our actuarial analysis, I’ve never seen before in my career. So you have very large actuarial margins up into the mid-teens and higher, and that’s driven by morbidity. So even when you take a downdraft of margin compression related to low prolonged interest rates, we just simply have a comfortable position. It’s not true across all product categories. Certainly, first sector more savings oriented products can be a bit more pressured, but they’re, again, because of our investment strategies backing those products, we have healthy margins. So I don’t have any concern on that front. But it is, of course, is a headwind to net investment income. That’s really more on earnings and GAAP issue, but it’s certainly not keeping me awake on the reserve front.
Fred Crawford: So a couple of things. First of all, network dental and vision does have an element of employer paid. And so consequently, the persistency is certainly higher than we see on our supplemental products. So that’s favorable. But we also know that as they value the network dental and vision product, that can have a halo effect on our sort of our core supplemental benefits. It’s also a different wallet, so that’s another thing that we’re excited about. So less likely for cannibalization of our core supplemental benefit sales. So the combination of those things is what gives us optimism.
Fred Crawford: John, just a clarification. The 1% to 2% increase is really third sector and first sector protection earned premium. What you see in the way of a broader decline in overall premium is really related to predominantly first sector, which by design is coming down in premium. So really our guidance is again specific to third sector and first sector protection premium.
Fred Crawford: Right on. We had an increase of 1.7%, and so right on our guidance. As I mentioned, John, something to make sure to understand is that, the only reason why it’s a tick below 2%, which was our original outlook is simply because we’ve had to account for the recognition of paid-up policies actually on the third sector side. We issued a medical policy that became very popular in the bank channel back two years ago in 2017. And so we’re seeing some of those paid-up policies come through. But realize that’s really a paid-up issue. So it has no implications for profitability and it’ll work its way through the system
Fred Crawford: So first, regarding the acquiring of the stock, we have no indication. And maybe, Max why don’t remind everybody of – Max negotiated that deal together with myself and folks in Japan. So just again remind investors of the agreement related to buying stock.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again, Aflac Japan. Let me explain supplementally in Japanese. [Foreign Language] Well, what is actually happening in Japan and the issues faced in Japan is related to Japan Post, but particularly the Japan Post Insurance product. [Foreign Language] So it’s not insurance industry overall issue as we had with the claims issue before. [Foreign Language] That’s it.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again. Let me explain in Japanese. [Foreign Language] Japan Post and Japan Post Insurance have announced the discontinuance of sales of product of just Japan Post Insurance’s. [Foreign Language] They have not formally announced to not sell products other than their own, including Aflac and other insurers or other providers. [Foreign Language] That’s all from me.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] As Dan has mentioned, ever since 2013, where we have assigned a comprehensive business alliance agreement, we are having this compliance meeting and reviewing compliance on a quarterly basis. And the review that Aflac is conducting on our own is to make sure that that there is no similar example that is being covered in the media in regards to Japan Post Insurance product sales through Japan Post channel. So from that perspective, the scope of that review that we are – that we conduct is very limited. And since this review is conducted by the company ourselves, so it’s not an investigation, it’s a review.
