Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. I'll kick it off and then hand over to Brad and then to Dan for the strategy question. As it relates to our investment portfolio and net investment income, you're correct in noticing that our net investment income has increased over the last couple of years. A portion of that is driven by our increased allocation to U.S. dollar assets. And I do want to remind you that, that is primarily driven by the view that we have of hedging our economic exposure to the yen as it relates to the overall exposure that we have as a company to the yen throughout like Japan. We have now reached what we view to be more of a steady state as it relates to our total U.S. dollar allocation. So from that level, I would expect a stabilization in terms of our total allocation between yen and dollars within the investment portfolio. But as it relates to more of an outlook into 2024 for our NII, I'll turn to Brad, and he can give you some more color.
Max Broden: I'll kick it off and I'll let anybody add some commentary to that as well. As we sell to younger customers, that should actually improve the persistency. Because of the age-based pricing that we have in Japan, there's a very strong incentive to hold on to the product for a long time and maybe even for life. So as you sell into a younger population, that tends to reduce your lapse rates and improve your persistency. Suneet, you are correct to -- when you look at the corporate agencies that you are referring to from the past that, that was -- had very strong persistency overall in that channel. And as that has become a smaller piece of our overall inforce, that have structurally reduced our persistency. The other thing I would mention as well is that we have seen an aging of the block. And when you have an aging of the block, that naturally leads to higher lapsation and lower persistency as well. So you hear us talk about that we are trying to reach younger customers, that is partially to sort of fight these sort of long-term trends that we have going on in our in-force block to not only provide coverage and new coverages to the younger population but also to improve the overall persistency of the block. All of this is marginal from year to year, and it's very slow-moving, but it's certainly something that we're watching closely.
Max Broden: Thank you, Wilma. If you think about the total capital generation that we've had recently and also going into 2024, I don't see any significant change to our overall capital generation on an organic basis. That remains in the $2.6 billion to $3 billion range. On top of that, we know that we have opportunities that we can, over time, unlock more capital through utilizing our reinsurance platform, and we intend to do so. We can't necessarily predict exactly when that will happen or what amounts that will be, but you've seen us in the recent past be quite active on that front. So I would expect us to do more. But on a pure sort of run rate organic basis, I would have pegged our underlying capital generation at $2.6 billion to $3 billion annually.
Max Broden: Elyse, I would think about the sales trajectory as being relatively linear, i.e., not back-end loaded.
Max Broden: So we're obviously operating with a very significant capital levels in all of our subsidiaries at the moment. Over time, I would expect us to operate at slightly lower capital levels in terms of the ratios and where we are today. I would reflect that in Japan, we are now going through a transition from SMR to ESR. So I wouldn't necessarily make any dramatic changes ahead of that. In the U.S., we are looking to, over time, target in an RBC of closer to 400%, and we have active plans towards drawing that down. At the same time, we have strong capital and liquidity at the holding companies. We always think about where is capital serving us the best at that very point in time, at the same time making sure that we have capital available for deployment into dividends, buybacks, et cetera. So overall, I would say that our capital plans remain solid. We've got plenty of capital around, and we try to place it where it makes the best use.
Max Broden: Pet insurance, we think, has a significant opportunity in the U.S. market because of the very low penetration of the product itself. For Aflac, we act as a distributor where these premiums, claims, et cetera, do not hit our income statement. So it's an opportunity to - for our distribution to earn additional commissions, so in that sense, it's very positive to Aflac. We do, obviously, have an alliance and a partnership with Trupanion that is strong through the equity ownership that we have in the company, and we capture significant economics over time through that equity ownership.
Max Broden: So you are starting to see a drop in 2024, and I would expect that to continue. There are two forces at play here, both expenses and our revenues. Expenses, we have active plans to improve our expense efficiency and reduce expenses both from a tactical and transformational standpoint. But also do not disregard the impact from revenues here. So as we have a number of businesses that are not at scale today, they will grow to scale. And when they do that, their expense ratios will drop significantly, and that will improve overall our expense ratio, i.e., push that down. The last piece to all of this is also where is our future growth coming from. It is generally coming from low expense ratio businesses. Predominantly, the group life and disability business that operates at a significantly lower structural expense ratio than the voluntary benefits business. So if you take all of that together, we should have a trajectory that is going lower, and we would expect to operate in the 35% to 37% over time.
Max Broden: So overall, we're very pleased with the economics. In terms of the impact on future run rate results, they're relatively small, but they're obviously favorable. So there's a favorable run rate going forward. In terms of the other blocks out there, I do deem that this is - was the one that we really had out there. I wish we had more than we could do, but this was really the one that we had outstanding.
Max Broden: So I think that we have been in a structurally low benefit ratio period, which means that over time, I would expect our benefit ratios to increase. And you're right, Ryan, to acknowledge that the mix impact will also push our benefit ratios higher. So we're always going to see that mix impact impacting both expense ratio and benefit ratios going forward. And that will have a slightly negative impact to the pretax margin going forward because of mix. But I'll kick it over to Virgil Miller to give his comments as well.
Max Broden: So Ryan, over time, we would expect that we could see at about 10% of the Aflac Japan balance sheet to Aflac Bermuda. There are no real legal limitations to it, but at the same time, we got to acknowledge any sort of risks associated with internal reinsurance to make sure that we don't overexpose ourselves or we make sure that we can handle everything associated with it. So over time, I would expect us to see something like 10%. And to date, we have done about 4%.
Max Broden: So obviously, the pricing of options will move, and that impacts, to some extent, the cost of hedging. And so obviously, every input that you would have to the pricing of options would impact that. In terms of the level of the yen, the answer is no. We want to structurally protect the economic exposure we have to the yen. And we do that through the dollar allocation that we have in the general account. We do that through the debt that we issue in yen, and we do that through the forwards that we hold at the holding company, where we are long dollars, short yen. So overall, we do this in order to reduce risk, not necessarily to express an opinion on the yen. Now, how we hedge and protect ourselves, we have all these different levers that we can pull, and the cost and return on capital associated with those can vary over time because of the capital markets. So that's why we will then dial up and dial down some of those associated with that. But it's not necessarily associated with the level of the yen-dollar rate. We are not FX traders. We're looking to protect ourselves long term.
DanAmos: And Tom, in regards to strategy, that's been an issue we've had for several years. We feel like that one of the things we are addressing is cancer or medical product suite is by starting them off on an inexpensive savings plan that gets them to participate with us. We also continue to look for new product. We have still not found that third product or third leg that we want to find and we're continuing to try things. But I don't know of anyone right now that I would trade places with in Japan in terms of distribution and product that we have and believe we can continue to grow our business moving forward. Saying that, we have to be realistic that it is an aging population, and it also is a position where it's not the population is declining, but all in all, I still believe it's the best market in the country or in the world because of the persistency and our ability to continue to grow it. And so, I think you're going to see growth for the next several years. We did lower that number to -- from 80 billion just to be cautious, but we're encouraged. Our Japan Post growth and what's gone there continues to do very well, and we've enjoyed our relationship there. It's our existing distribution system that was really hurt, both in the U.S. and Japan, by COVID, but more so in Japan because if you look back at COVID, it really lasted an additional year in Japan. And because our agents are commission-driven, our newer agents, when COVID hit, all of a sudden did not have an opportunity to go out and sell one-on-one. And as we've always said, our products are sold, they're not bought. And so, we go out and make those presentations, and we couldn't do it. And so people that were normally working for us on a commission basis tried to find other jobs that were salary in nature, and that's what we've been fighting, but it is coming back both in the U.S. and Japan, and I'm encouraged by what I'm seeing there.
DanAmos: Well, I certainly think it's the potential out there. I don't know what year -- because the COVID, with such an anomaly, what I'd like to do is, is to let our people that are there on the -- Koide or whoever wants to take this particular question can do it. And then I'll follow up if there's any other part you want me to directly address.
DanAmos: I just want to remind you all that the persistency rate is really high. And we can move it up a little bit, move down a little bit, but it is more than we ever dreamed when we first started doing business over there. So we're very pleased with it. So -- but at the same time, we will improve because when you're writing younger people, of course, they'll live longer, and therefore, they'll be more persistent.
DanAmos: Well, my first comment is, you're correct in terms of a competitive environment. But what is in Japan or any other country that isn't competitive. So being competitive is nothing new to us, and something that we are understanding that we have to constantly look for ways to address how we can identify with consumers and show the need for our products even more. Now don't forget, we've seen copays and deductibles over many years. I don't know when another one will take place or what will happen. But as inflation, even though small in Japan, you have to take that into account, too. So remember, our ability to convert and add more premium to existing policyholders always makes a difference and grows our block of business as well, and we especially think that with the younger people. Let me now turn to Japan and let them comment on it.
Virgil Miller: Hi. This is Virgil, from the U.S. We have been working with the tri-agency sales to talk about any potential impact we could see to those selling supplemental into the consumers out there. And we're waiting on a ruling. Thus far, they set a date to be on April 2024, you know and I know that a date may move. However, we remain encouraged that our policies and coverages are relevant regardless if that rule does come through. We looked at our indemnity sales from last year. We really didn't see any decline. We remain flat there. And again, regardless, even if there is a rule of not a rule, our coverage is relevant, and we're not predicting any major impact going forward.
Virgil Miller: Sure. I think there's one primary thing related to our watch list relative to our portfolio that makes us different than peers, and that's the fact that the bulk of our exposure is in transitional real estate. Remember, that's a much shorter asset class. It's a much shorter maturity, generally a three-year term with some options to extend out a fourth and fifth year. So because of that, when you have a market downturn and you've got these maturities coming due and the liquidity is as poor as we're seeing in the market today, it naturally creates an elevated watch list and creates an elevated amount of potential foreclosures. Now, we work very closely with our borrowers to address those maturities. We do our best to avoid foreclosure. But if they are not willing to work with us, if they're not willing to reset the loan to reflect current valuations and give us other protections, we are fortunate that we're in a position, we can and will foreclose if we think that's the best route to maximize our recoveries. We are blessed with a strong capital and liquidity position, which prevents us from being a forced seller here. So I think it's a combination of the nature of our portfolio, having shorter maturities relative to our total exposure. And then the fact that we are much more willing to foreclose and able to foreclose, if we think that's the best route.
Virgil Miller: Thank you, Max. So first, we're not pleased where we sit with the expense ratio. That is absolutely a focus for the U.S. And one of the things we're doing is making sure we have plans that are going to continue to be in that curve, and you'll see that happening over a period of time. And we're basically challenging all of the U.S. leadership to be accountable for that, and it is tied to our little compensation. Now I'll go step further, though, I mentioned that when we talked about the actual sales growth this year, one of the things we mentioned - you heard Dan mention earlier, is our strong underwriting discipline. We are making sure that we only put policies and business on the books that actually have better persistency and lower turnover rates with employees. So the underwriting discipline itself will continue to help drive and bend that expense curve and drive up that benefit ratio, along with, as Max mentioned, the continued growth that we're seeing in our vita bills, it would change the overall business mix in the U.S. So just to conclude, it is absolutely a focus for us and that we are confident we've got the right plans in place to start bidding that curve starting next year.
Virgil Miller: And this is Virgil. Let me just go back to add, when I was talking about being on that curve, that starts this year, in 2024. I just want to make sure you got that. I said next year, but I mean 2024.
