Virgil Miller: Yes. Nigel, this is Virgil Miller. Let me share with you about our sales trends we've seen in the second quarter. First, you heard from Fred say that we are very pleased to install in our group side of the business, we trended positive and favorably once again. We're trending right now about 117% of 2019, looking strong. We're looking good with our buy-to-build platforms. We expected to hit our goals for the end of the year. And then I'll turn to our individual block of the business was really driven by our career channel. We ran into some headwinds, as you can see, with career recruits. Overall, recruiting looks strong though. We surpassed our Q1 numbers with our Q2. We're looking strong with our veteran recruits. One of the things I look at daily is our veterans getting back to business. In Q1, 73%, we were in 2019 level with our veteran average week of producers. In the second quarter, we were at 78%, so showing a favorable increase there, and we're looking for that to increase throughout the second half of the year and have a strong third and fourth quarter. So overall, I would say we're performing just right at plan when it comes to what we're expecting, a little bit behind with the credit channel but exceeding with the group channel.
Virgil Miller: Yes. We learned throughout the COVID time that large case market specifically around where we sell our group products, that they're more used to it and dealing with brokers used to, we were called self-enrollments and virtual enrollments and online engagements, we really haven't seen much impact there at all. Again, with smaller companies in a small market, really driven by our career channel, we faced some headwinds, like I said earlier around recruiting some of the small businesses not really going face-to-face for 100% of the time. We anticipated that. Rolled our virtual toolsets last year. We're able to – as Dan said in his speech, pretty much serve the customer any way possible. We can do it virtually. We can do it online, or we can meet face-to-face. Now I will tell you this though, I have yet to see that any of our setup enrollments have been changed from a face-to-face yet, we're monitoring that very closely, but right now, we're still able to get face-to-face enrollments, we have them set up.
Virgil Miller: It's certainly getting harder. And you can see, we came out strong, coming out of Q4, going into Q1 our pipeline. Now remember, recruiting new agents, we really got to go through a full process, giving them license, having them basically take an exam and certifying them to understand Aflac products, and we were very strong with our pipeline in Q1. We've seen that pipeline begin to slacken slightly in Q2. Again, as we said earlier, though, this is why we made a conscious decision to really recruit brokers, now why brokers, brokers already come to the table with license. They're already familiar with all products. We just really used to get activated in the second half of the year.
Frederick Crawford: Sure. So the care product under development and a couple of things that are very important. One is the product risk involved is not to be confused with what you maybe familiar with relative to U.S. long-term care. And there are some very fundamental reasons for that. This is a supplemental product and its supplements the actual elderly care government support mechanisms. And so it's a very specific supplement to that government platform as opposed to broader universal care medical coverage. And it also is being designed to where payments are more on a lump sum basis for some of the lower levels of assisted care. And then when you move into the more significant levels of assisted care, there's more of a defined annuity type benefit. The reason I described it that way is realize you do not have the escalating benefit structures such as healthcare inflation. You don't have the tail risk, that's assumed with more of a lifetime coverage, if you will, once moving into assisted living. Therefore, you're not building nearly the reserves, and therefore, don't have nearly the interest rate risk as well. So there's several different reasons why this should not be confused, for example, with other types of riskier elderly care support, it really is a supplemental defined mechanism. The other is it plays directly off the qualifications of the government program. And so it has a more narrow definition of what is covered and what is not covered then you might be used to in the U.S. I feel it plays off those definitions. Now, one thing to keep in mind is that this is the third largest third sector platform in Japan. This is not a new area that's newly developed, it's been an existence, but it's a smaller area of product sales. To give you an idea, it's probably roughly a quarter of the size of the medical supplemental industry in Japan. The key, however, is that we expected to grow that with an aging population and what we believe, or at least suspect will be a gradual shifting of burden onto individuals or their families related to elderly care that this will be a building platform over time. And so we want to get in there now. We want to get in there with a competitive product, and we want to leverage off of our third sector prominence. So that is the strategy. We will tell you more about this and build out more around the strategy when we get to our Investor Conference because it will be more developed at that time. But it's clearly something we think could be a difference maker in the future as we move forward.
Frederick Crawford: They are. It's a narrower group of players then you will find with traditional first sector and some of the larger categories of third sector, notably medical. But they are largely domestic players. One other aspect of this business that's important to understand is that many of the players that build successful market share in this industry don't just sell the care insurance. They also surround the insurance with other non-insurance services that supplement elderly care. Good example would be things like smart home technology that helps prevent frankly, elderly individuals of going on claim or better managing concierge type service to help the elderly manage the many different moving parts necessary to settle into an assisted living atmosphere. So alongside this product, we're also building within a incubated business, other care like non-insurance services because that is one of the keys to building market share. So it's a larger and more expansive platform if you intend to be a leader in this business, which we do. And again, we'll build more color around that as we go forward.
Frederick Crawford: Sure. This is Fred again. There is about 10 states right now. In fact, Connecticut was the 10th to put together this medical family leave programs in their state. And we do believe that there's the opportunity for this to expand into further states in the future. These require typically fairly expensive legislative activities within each of the states. And because these are programs that cover effectively the employees of all the qualified or opted in employers in the states, it gives you an idea, in Connecticut, we are projecting when you add up the qualified employers who are likely to opt into this program that the coverage may include as much as a bit in excess of 1.5 million potential participants in the state of Connecticut. So this is a substantial platform. But the nature of it and the nature of the program and the fact that it is a state organized benefit program offered up to opted in employees’ means legislative activity typically needs to take place, that takes time. And obviously, it can depend on the political atmosphere and the prioritization dynamics within the state legislators. So right now 10 states, but we believe it will expand. I think a lot of that expansion, frankly, it's going to be based on the success and the receptivity of the programs that are already in place. The good news is that Connecticut is a very important client for us. We were very pleased to be awarded that. It's the capabilities of our acquired business from Zurich that allowed us to bid and be qualified to run that program and we expect to use this as a foothold to entertain additional states.
Frederick Crawford: Interestingly enough, when you look at the other nine states, some of them outsource it like handed out to an outsource provider. Others actually do the service internally. And in fact, Connecticut was originally looking to administer internally and then move to an outside provider for greater efficiencies, quality specialization, et cetera. And so some states do it in-house, some states outsource it. So there's a mix of providers. One thing that's important is you're not taking a risk on this. And so some would consider this a – an extensive PPA platform or administrative-only platform, so you're not really competing on what you would call traditional insurance parameters, you're competing on your ability to administer the technology and service level that you drive to the consumer. So one of the reasons why we like this contract is it really sends a strong statement to the marketplace that if you're an employer, you don't get this kind of contract unless you have premier service capabilities, strong technology and great customer service, without that, you'd never qualify for these programs. And so that's what we're pleased about.
