Fred Crawford: So, on the topic of pet insurance, we have, in fact, rolled out the pet insurance alliance. This is the Aflac Pet insurance powered by Trupanion. We have focused on the larger broker-driven case size for that product. We characterize that as our premier broker relationships, which tend to travel in the 1,000 employee and up case size. It is really just getting off the floor. I think we have been awarded four accounts so far and are in the process of building that out. I would characterize this year as still somewhat of a proof-of-concept year in terms of getting out there with the product, successfully landing accounts, integrating those accounts between the two parties, our partnership with Trupanion and then making any tweaks or adjustments that we think are necessary to better compete as we roll towards 2023. But we are up running and launched. We're filed in all the states. The product is ready to go but concentrated in the large case market. So we will have, obviously, a fairly small level of sales this year. Also be mindful of this is really earned premium and economics for Trupanion. Our play from a pet insurance perspective is to fill out our portfolio, as you suggest, to where we're able to offer a broader array of benefits to brokerage clients, who desire that plus also their end clients. Other than that, I would say our product upgrades have been relatively routine in nature, meaning natural upgrades, covering things like mental health and other dynamics that have become more important to the broker and the consumer this year, and we continue to do that as a normal part of our business activities.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think there's a couple of things going on. One is, yes, there is a general headwind to face-to-face communication unless necessary. And so that persists in Japan, although as I mentioned, it is improving. And in fact, the actual government of Japan is now coming out and encouraging people to open up a little bit and get back to traditional business. So, it's not at pre-COVID levels of activity. And that's what I mean by remains a headwind, but it certainly is improving. I think the other dynamic that we mentioned last quarter that remained the case during the third quarter is when you have a high level of cases and a high level of infection rates of COVID, you naturally are going to have actual agents that are infected and impacted and are pulled out of the field, so to speak, unable to meet with clients or meet effectively with clients. And so that has played into it. You're talking about our distribution model through third parties has several thousand agents that we sell through. And so when you have something as widespread as the third quarter level of COVID cases, you naturally will see less feet on the street, so to speak selling. Again, we think this will naturally improve for the same reasons we see our benefit ratio and claims activity improving in the fourth quarter.
Fred Crawford: I don't know if you'll see Yoshizumi-san or Koide-san have any color they can provide on the overlap.
Fred Crawford: One thing that's important -- thank you for the question. Generally speaking, when you enter into weak economic conditions, you would find some weakness in loss ratios related to disability, short and long term. That has not traditionally been the case with our more voluntary sold, small business, short-term disability. And remember, even though we have acquired the Zurich business a few years ago, in terms of the amount of premium that we're running through that business, which I think is approaching $300 million, it is a relatively small business as compared to our total in-force business in the U.S. Obviously, we're seeking to change that over time and are working actively to do that. But right now, we're not a company that is particularly exposed to the disability volatility that comes with a recession. And again, our voluntary business tends not to see that type of loss ratio behavior, at least by historical measurements.
Fred Crawford: I realize when one thing also to realize is that when Eric uses the 70% term, specific to the floating rate book, obviously, then 30% of it left free to enjoy downside of rates. But in addition to that, we have a fairly good amount of liquidity at the holding company, which is not hedged or remains largely floating and enjoying our rate movement. So we look at both on a combined basis to just judge our overall enterprise exposure to floating and locking in.
Fred Crawford: Thanks, Eric. It's Fred. Yes, the -- as I mentioned in my comments, we've been seeing a little bit of weaker persistency on the group side this year, individual having recovered, but there's no systemic -- when we look at each of the case losses, we don't see anything systemic in them. They vary from one of the large cases, for example, that we lost, there wasn't really a loss to competition. The Company in question simply decided to reduce the number of payroll deduction slots, if you will, for voluntary product, and so they eliminated some of their voluntary product holdings period. And in another case, there was a merger of one large company and another and we ended up not being on the winning side of that merger, which will happen from time to time. And then normal competitive landscape will come into play. And so the themes are varied, but not, frankly, unusual. What can be unusual from time to time is it can be lumpy. There are years where some of the cases that laps are not particularly sizable as compared to the cases one. There are other years where you might have lumpiness with the loss of a larger case. We are, in fact, starting to gain ground in larger case wins. And so, we're starting to build out some larger cases on our platform, which is good. And we've won several large cases this year, as you can see in some of our sales results on the group side. And so with those larger cases, you'll naturally have some lumpiness realizing this is just 15% of our earned premium. So it doesn't take much in the way of a large case to move the lapse rate on the group side, but nothing systemic. I would note one thing to, I think, Jimmy's earlier question around benefit ratio, realize that there is an interplay between lapse rates, benefit ratio and expense ratio. When you go through a period of higher lapsation, you will normally find downward pressure on your benefit ratio and upward pressure on your expense ratio. These are not big movers, which is why we don't call it out, but there is a relationship between the two. It's not necessarily a profit loss or profit on dynamic you usually on a lapse case, simply end up releasing reserves, but also writing off DAC for a somewhat net neutral impact to profitability, sometimes even a benefit to profitability, although that's not the design of what we like. So, it's not really a P&L or margin issue, but we are going to spend more time and make sure that we do what we need to do to improve persistency over time. That's a major focus of ours because we know it's something that represents opportunity.
Fred Crawford: Something that on the topic of capital in Japan, something that will no doubt touch on at our investor conference, but you're starting to find the industry, not just Aflac slowly migrate and turn their attention more significantly to ESR and away from SMR. SMR will not fade to black or become insignificant for the industry anytime soon, but as we creep towards 2025 and the adoption of ESR, we're starting to pay more and more attention to that economic ratio, and that ratio is far less sensitive to these mark-to-market rate spread dynamics and will help with stabilizing capital position. As you know, we maintain a very strong ESR.
Dan Amos: This is Dan. Let me make one comment is that, for example, with Dental and Vision, it's not so much selling that product as it is open the door to sell our existing products. And for every five Dental and Vision products we sell, we sell an additional three supplemental health insurance products. So that's what we're really looking towards. The other is gravy of how we're doing those other things, and we like that, and I'm glad to have it. But it's being on the front page of the benefit section of the employers' HR that really makes the difference, and this is what we're counting on long term.
Dan Amos: And Fred and I have discussed this, but one other point is, just remember, Japanese were wearing the mask before COVID. So I don't think I went anywhere that I saw anyone that did not have on the mask, but it begins to look more normal. And so we'll have to wait and see. But everyone's -- I hardly ever see anybody with mask, except at hospitals and other places in the U.S., but they're still wearing them, but they're beginning to function. And I think that's the point that we're both making is, is that things are moving back to normal. But if you take a snapshot, you're going to see everybody with mask on and you're going to say, Oh, well, it's awful. Well, it's their culture too. So don't not think about that as you're a little going forward.
Dan Amos: Sure thing, it's approximately 70%. That number can fluctuate based on market values and the movement in interest rates, but it's approximately 70%. In terms of the sensitivity, we still have upside, but I think when we get to fab, we'll be able to illustrate that better for you in terms of some sensitivities.
Dan Amos: I think -- this is Dan. I think what we're saying is that it is a significant increase, but it was expected. Our fourth quarter is our biggest quarter. We are expecting that as we go against the fourth quarter last year. But all in all, it's well within what we expected to do for the year -- for the quarter and for the year.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Thank you for the question. This is Yoshizumi. Let me answer your question. Well, in terms of the cancer insurance, we have launched our new product in -- on August 22. The channel that we have launched the new product is in the general agencies channel and live channel. And the sales through these channels between August and September this year have been quite successful. The actual sales was up 50%, 5-0% year-on-year. And we are seeing a great momentum still in the fourth quarter as well regarding this cancer insurance. And we are seeing about 47% increase year-on-year at the moment. And also from January 2023, we will start offering more comprehensive support related to cancer called Cancer consolidation service. This is a new service that would comprehensively support the patients or the policyholders from the time they develop cancer and up to the point they recover to their work. And this is the first of its kind in the industry. And this service will be able to respond to all the struggles and all the things that the patient as well as the family members have difficulties with. This is a great differentiator against other cancer insurance. And regarding the sales to start in the Japan Post Group, we are hoping to have it launched in the second quarter next year. We are thinking of working closely together with the Japan Post Group to increase the actual sales channel or sales route as well as training. And in terms of the other channels such as financial institutions and Dai-ichi Life, we are planning to launch the cancer product in January next year. And we will be actively and aggressively selling cancer insurance in the fourth quarter this year as well as the first quarter next year, and that's all for me.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: So, this is Yoshizumi once again. In regards to the Japan Post sales of new cancer, we are thinking of it to start in the second quarter. And in other channels, we are thinking of having the product launched in January such as in bank channel or the Dai-ichi Life channel. And I'm not quite sure whether I'm answering to your question or not, but because of the overlapping of the channel's launch or the timing difference of the launch in each channel, there will be smooth launching of products from one channel to another.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: This is Yoshizumi. You're right. 47% is the agency channel sales. And we believe that we will be able to maintain this momentum in the fourth quarter as well. And that's all for me.
Max Broden: Thank you, Nigel. It's Max. So $650 million in the quarter, and as always, we look at our capital levels, the capital generation, current and future that we expect from our subsidiaries in the overall enterprise, as well as the opportunity set that we see in terms of deploying capital, that being through dividends, buybacks, opportunistic deployment, et cetera. And that's really what sort of drives how much of buybacks we are doing at any point in time. And generally speaking, we want to deploy capital where we see good IRRs, and the buybacks that you saw in the quarter was a reflection of that. In terms of looking forward, we feel good about our overall capital position and liquidity as well despite the very significant movement that we've seen in the yen.
Max Broden: Yes. It's Max again. I would just say that overall claims utilization continues to be at a relatively low level in the U.S. And especially on some lines of business, like accident, hospital, et cetera, we have been a little bit surprised that we haven't sort of come back to the full normal levels, as well as cancer that have not gone sort of above the pre-pandemic trend. We would expect that to actually happen for a short period of time, simply because there's some catching up to do in terms of cancers that should be detected and also some severity come through as well. We have not seen that yet. We do expect that in the cancer lines of business, but overall, we have seen favorable claims utilization in the quarter and throughout the full year so far. And I ask the U.S. team and Teresa and Virgil to sort of fill in with your comments as well.
Max Broden: Let me kick off, and I'll have Al or Todd sort of add their comments as well. So for the full year, we would expect to have a Japan benefit ratio in the range of 69% to 70%. And we were sitting at 69.8% as of the first nine months. That obviously means that we are expecting a more normal benefit ratio in the fourth quarter if you then compare to where our underlying run rate has been more recently. So I'll stop there, and I'll have Al and Todd to sort of give their thoughts on the IBNR that we put up in the quarter.
Max Broden: So Alex, you're right in your thinking that, generally speaking, given the significant dollar assets that we hold in Japan, that works relatively well as a capital hedge. And in fact, to your point, it strengthens the SMR ratio and the ESR ratio in a weakening yen scenario that we now have been in. That means that over time, the dividend capacity of Aflac Japan, all things being equal, is slightly higher than before. And you should then expect that over time more capital to find its way up to the holding company. Now that is not immediate, and it's coming through over time. So over time, you would then see a liquidity and capital at the holding company build unless we were to deploy that. And obviously, if you want to have sort of a restored EPS trajectory, you would need to deploy that capital either through dividends, buybacks or an opportunistic deployment. And obviously, we try to deploy that as best as we can to obviously generate an IRR that is north of our cost of capital and preferably with a cushion significantly above our cost of capital. Also, when you think about the capital hedge that is sitting at the holding company, the two components there, which is the first one, the yen debt that that we have, that is currently, we hold about $3.8 billion of equivalent debt denominated in yen. Right now, our leverage then obviously has declined and it's below our leverage corridor of 20% to 25%. But I also know that the yen could strengthen and it could strengthen sharply and then all of a sudden, our leverage will move up sharply as well. So, we need to be quite thoughtful and sensitive to what our underlying and really look through debt capacity, yes. And I wanted to give you one number that I actually kind of look at and I find interesting. So if you take our leverage right now and you -- what sort of yen move would take us to the middle of the range, i.e., 22.5%. And that's roughly an immediate move of the yen dollar to $102. So that gives you a little bit of a sense for how we sort of think about what our debt capacity potentially could be. And then the -- the last piece as well is the forwards that we have at the holding company. They are spread out in terms of maturities. And obviously, they are in a net gain position, so they will settle into cash, but that will occur over the next 24 months, and it's fairly spread out. So, the increased cash flow to the holding company from a weakening Yen is not immediate. On a mark-to-market basis, they are, but I don't count that until they have fully settled and we have received all that cash. That's when we move the cash to become unencumbered in terms of definition. So if I take all of this and sort of wrap it up, I would say that there is a lag in terms of the cash flow to find its way to the hold the Company from all these capital hedges. And that means that you have a little bit of a lag in terms of capital deployment that would then ultimately lead to your sort of restored EPS capacity on a run rate basis. And we are currently in that sort of lag period, i.e., our reported EPS has dipped because of the gain. But then we will -- if the Yen stays at these levels, the capital hedges will start to kick in. And then over time, as we deploy that capital, that should restore our earnings power on an EPS basis going forward. That was a long answer, but I hope that was helpful.
Max Broden: Yes. Just adding to Eric's very good memory in terms of hedge costs. Just in terms of notional, the forwards in Japan that we are rolling into this higher hedge cost environment is $4.1 billion of notional. And then at the holding company, we have $5 billion of notional that obviously benefits from the higher hedge costs and that runs through as positive net investment income at the Corporate & Other segment. That will not be immediate as those are spread out and some of that have already started to earn in, but the real impact also at the Corporate & Other segment will sort of occur in the in the 2023 time frame. But overall, this is also designed to make sure that we are not as an enterprise too exposed to any significant movements in hedge costs up or down, quite frankly. So net-net, we are actually $0.9 billion positively exposed in terms of the notional balance to the higher interest rate differential between the yen and the dollar.
Max Broden: It's absolutely a risk and that's why we obviously run stress tests on our SMR ratio and capital base all the time, quite frankly, and we think about these kind of scenarios, and we manage our capital accordingly. Fred mentioned, for example, that we have a significant portion significant notional level of put options protecting us from any severe strengthening of the yen that could happen in the kind of scenario that you just outlined. And we have that in place in order to protect our capital base. So, it is real. And we always have to manage for that. We make sure that we always have a strong capital ratio, so we can continue to write business and capital does not become a constraining factor for our businesses.
