Frederick Crawford: Nigel, this is Fred. I would say in general, both in the case of the U.S. as well as Japan in 2021, you should anticipate a continuation of elevated expenses as these investments will continue at their current pace. In fact in the U.S., we will particularly be building more proactively on the dental and vision, the consumer markets, and then now adding the group benefits business, so you’ll see the pace of investment improve. When it comes to business as usual expenses, or what we would call our general operating expenses, that’s where you’ll see improvement particularly in the U.S. as we take action around staffing models, headcount and other related cost savings efforts, so it’s a balancing act. We’ll give more color on our expense ratios, both in Japan and the U.S., at the financial analyst briefing as we traditionally do, so I don’t want to get out in front of that; but I can certainly answer your question that the pace of investment will continue to go forward but it’s really directed towards growth, as well as efficiency.  Remember there’s two components to the expense ratio, and one of the things weighing on our expense ratios right now in Japan and the U.S. is weakness in revenue, so we’ve got to drive these expenses through to generate revenue improvement over time. That will be the path to victory on expense ratios ultimately.
Frederick Crawford: And I think the wellness benefit and our ability to pay claims for it, although it kicked up our benefit ratio which we wanted to happen, we believe it will also have a positive impact on persistency as people realize they need the product.
Frederick Crawford: One thing I would add, though, and this goes to the previous question too about how to think about future corporate tax rate changes, is that we do have to be mindful of that. This effectively just creates an even playing field for the way in which we report our effective tax rate and cash tax payments; in other words, we are effectively paying a 21% corporate tax rate as being a U.S. taxpayer at Aflac, and so to the degree there is a change in tax law going forward, we’ll be impacted much like any other corporate taxpayer in the U.S., so we do have to be mindful of that and we’ll be watching that carefully. Having said that, though, there is a very real benefit to us, both cash-wise and effective tax rate for a period of time, including going back and grabbing some cash flows that we had previously paid out in the way of tax payments, so it’s a real benefit that one that you want to be careful about taking into the future, if you believe there could be changes in the corporate tax rate going forward.
Frederick Crawford: I think much of that has to do with just seasonal dynamics related to direct mail spend as well as other promotional initiatives in the quarter related to--you know, as compared to last year, so I think some of it was just natural fluctuation. The two main drivers, and maybe I would add a third, are not only COVID-related expenses and the paperless initiative, but we also continue to accelerate certain digital investments in the quarter, and those are the primary drivers of just an incremental increase in general operating expenses.
Frederick Crawford: That business has been running at around, I believe in the $75 million to $100 million annualized premium range. As you can expect, that’s a lumpy business because it’s largely a start-up at Zurich and it tends to focus on large accounts. But it’s also a very persistent business, so there’s high persistency with that business, so I would expect on an annualized basis it’s in that range, so it will have a modest impact to annual earned premium. In terms of the overall P&L impact on it, as we mentioned when we announced the transaction, we would expect there to be roughly $0.05 dilution on an annualized basis related to that transaction, and that’s largely because as they are still ramping up the business, their revenue is not enough to offset their cost structure because it’s in a growth mode, and so--and we expect obviously and intend to continue that growth mode going forward, so that’s essentially the nature of the business. It’s modestly dilutive to earnings and modestly accretive to earned premium.
Frederick Crawford: Well in general, we would expect it to trend up, but really up to previous reported numbers prior to the pandemic, and that’s simply because of what Dan outlined in his comments, that there will be naturally a gradual increase in utilization but really back to normal levels, and still overall favorable relative to going back in history, so you’ll see it trend up. Wellness related impacts will subside, we certainly hope, but frankly we’re monitoring, as you can imagine given the news, COVID related cases, but overall we would expect utilization to find its more normal levels over time. We are bringing on businesses that tend to have higher benefit ratios and lower expense ratios - network dental and vision, for example, and then of course group benefits, so over time you’ll eventually have a bit of a mix play in our benefit ratio to be aware of, but that’s unlikely to be material certainly over the next several quarters and in 2021. But you’ll see that play out over time and we’ll of course be able to report that out and let you know what’s influencing the benefit ratio and expense ratio.
Max Broden: No, it’s not related to the Trump tax cuts. This is related to a new regulation issued by the U.S. Treasury and the IRS that came out on September 29.
Max Broden: We obviously have multiple initiatives in place in order to drive growth, as Fred outlined, and that is pushing up our expense ratio and has. That’s been in play for the last couple of years, and we see that ongoing. Generally I would characterize this benefit as dropping to the bottom line.
Max Broden: The main driver in terms of the expense ratio is the decline in revenues, so you have the increased spending but also the function of lower revenues is impacting the expense ratio.
Max Broden: Cash taxes will always be volatile, and there will be timing differences between our GAAP and our cash taxes, but over time I would expect them to have about the same impact from this change in tax regulation.
Max Broden: Yes, it would be the latter. There will not any material, significant difference, and certainly not over as long period as a number of years. It’s more the latter, where we might in a short term have some timing differences, but generally speaking we would expect our cash taxes to come down as well.
Max Broden: Tom, we will address some of the underlying drivers in terms of hospitalizations and duration of hospital stays, etc. at FAB, so we’ll give you a little bit more insight into that.
