Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. It's Eric Kirsch, and I can give you a range of estimates. I can't give you a precise number just because yields and spreads and different types of purchases could be different depending on market conditions. But by way of example, with this new program that we've initiated that Dan mentioned today, we're buying publicly available U.S. corporate bonds focused in A, BBB type of credits. This strategy will give us greater liquidity, greater portfolio flexibility in the future, and we're looking at maturities anywhere from 10 to 30 years across the curve. So ultimately, as we build this new portfolio, it'll be a combination of those things. But after taking into account the cost of currency hedges, because our strategy is to have this hedged back into our yen liabilities, you could be looking at anywhere from, again let me emphasize based on current market yields and spreads, anywhere from 2.5% to 3.25%. So if yields and spreads stay where they are today, which isn't likely, they move, as you all know, we'd probably be building a portfolio that, on average, had that kind of yield after the currency hedging costs. As you know, year-to-date, because we've been cautious and conservative, not buying private placements, being much more stringent on our credit standards, a majority of our new money was going into JGBs, which, as Robin mentioned, overall, year-to-date new money yields is somewhere around 1.85%, but on our whole portfolio new money at about 2%. You could see, based on my comments, we'll be able to increase the returns fairly significantly while at the same time improving the overall quality, diversification and investment opportunities for the portfolio. The program just got initiated, so we will start off in a modest sense as the team is coming together, as we work very closely on a global basis. But I'm confident as each month goes by, the impact to that new money yield and our overall investment results will continue to be a great contributor from this new investment program.
Eric M. Kirsch: I would say that when we put out the original range for 2012, the range of 3% to 8% was based upon some improvement in both the U.S. economy, and more specifically, on employment itself. The 3% range, as I've said previously, represented a poor economy. The 8% of the range represented an improved economy with an average execution on our part. I would tell you at this point I think you've seen nationally with GDP, with unemployment across-the-board, with the Fed considering taking action this morning that the economy has not improved. And therefore, we continue to see slightly weaker results. That said, as Dan mentioned in his speech earlier, I believe that we will have a strong second half of the year with specific increase in the fourth quarter as the group business continues to drive success as well as the broker business. Our broker sales continue to be strong. And I feel like the changes that we've made recently in our sales and marketing structure to realign ourselves to better improve our training and to make our recruits more effective by recruiting and turning them into average weekly producers will set us up better for internal execution. All that being said, I feel confident and reaffirm the range of 3% to 8% with hope that we will continue to move up within that range from where we are today.
Eric M. Kirsch: It's Eric again. First, for sure, the majority of new cash flows will be used to invest per our new asset allocation strategies that are still being finalized, but you've heard a lot about with the GSAM project. Having said that, we will certainly look at opportunities for current assets in our portfolio to swap them in essence where it makes sense to do so. Having said that, that's not a conclusion we can make today. We're still finalizing the asset allocation results. Secondly, we always have to consider liquidity needs in our portfolio, other types of market events. But to the extent we have assets and JGBs are certainly one example if they're in AFS, where that possibility exists, and we would certainly look at that. As you know, the majority of our non-JGB assets are primarily in private placements. So those opportunities are limited just because of the liquidity constraints on those type of assets. So we'll explore those opportunities and report -- if we see good investment opportunities to make that type of swap, we would certainly entertain doing those. But nothing is planned for it at this early stage of the new asset allocation strategy.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes, actually, in terms of our watch list, it hasn't necessarily increased in total because our watch least has a number of parameters that factor in price movement, ratings agency actions and a few other variables. So things like Spain and sovereign debt were on our radar screen. However, within the watch list, of course, we have different grades of sort of how much we're concerned about it or not. So that part has changed within the watch list. And as I have said earlier in the year, certainly at our FAB, there's no doubt you all understand what our European exposures are, so we will be impacted by the volatility in Europe and actions by the rating agencies. And as I've said, I certainly expect it on our holdings ratings migration. I think that was fairly well forecasted by the agencies and therefore would impact our holdings. But with respect to the volatility, in the first quarter, as we know, Europe calmed down; second quarter, extremely high volatility, similar to what we've seen last year. And I said if that volatility was high, then the financial impact to our holdings would be greater. If that volatility stayed lower, then the financial impact would be lower while we had some ratings migration. And the second quarter is just, unfortunately, an example of that volatility going very high and having some impact to our holdings, particularly in Spain with the 2 bonds we decided to impair.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes, I would think of it as a gradual walk that'll become a power walk that'll become even stronger. So we've just initiated the program. Our intent is as market conditions allow and investment teams find good opportunities, to increase that allocation to the investment grade corporate space. So over the third quarter, at least, my current expectation is approximately 2/3 of our new money that comes in up to that could go into this investment program. But it will be dependent on market conditions and investment opportunities that we see. As we gain more confidence in the workings of this program and assuming market conditions remain favorable, towards the end of the third quarter we'll reexamine the fourth quarter and decide on the asset allocation there. So if things go well, I would expect this program to continue to gain momentum and be a more significant portion of our new money cash flows.
Kriss Cloninger: I'll take that one. This is Kriss. At the FAB meeting, we reported that at a 2% new money rate, the WAYS profit would range from 8% to 12% of premium. If that increases at 2.25%, the range of profit goes up to 13% to 17% of premium. And at 2.5%, we get up to 17% to 21%. So I'm looking at this as an opportunity to $1 average up our net investment yield by pursuing this new strategy compared to what we've done over the last 6 to 12 months.
Kriss Cloninger: I think that what's more likely to happen is that we'll move to a 10-pay WAYS. I think that's what the bank channel is going to do.
Kriss Cloninger: They're already doing it. The difference there is that the policy is not paid up as quickly. The full cash values aren't available to the policyholders quite as quickly, and therefore, it stretches out the period associated with becoming fully paid up and having access to full cash values and what that does is it reduces the risk of potential disintermediation by stretching out the period between the issue date and the paid-up date. Not that disintermediation is going to occur necessarily in the event of a spike in interest rates, but it is a possibility and so we're comfortable that we're doing the right thing, and we will probably not reintroduce 5-pay WAYS.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, you're essentially correct. The repatriation is, in fact, out of the SMR number. The investment losses for the quarter are in there. But again, we had strong operating earnings and there wasn't that much change in the yen, it was 1% and 1.5%, something like that. So there wasn't much of an impact on converting the dollar portfolio to yen compared to what it was at the end of the first quarter.
Kriss Cloninger: The JGB yields -- within your JGB yields still remain well below what would be required to change the notion that the standard interest rate will be lowered effective April 1, 2013. I think it has to go up to something like 1.2% or more for the remaining period between now and the determination date. So it's highly likely that the standard reserve rate will come down. That only affects us going forward for new business, so there's no immediate impact on the SMR of a change in the -- of the rate. And as far as -- we've got a pretty strong SMR, future repatriations will primarily be a function of our Japan net after-tax income that reflects both operating earnings and investment losses after tax. And historically, we've repatriated about 80% of that number and we have to look at the level of solvency margin ratio to make sure we're taking care of the policyholders in Japan before we repatriate funds. But historically, we've been able to repatriate about 80% of the after-tax net income and still build our capital level in Japan. So that's what I expect next year.
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. I'm going to just speculate that the FSA does watch agent behavior in Japan. And if the agents did something not in the interest of policyholders, then there are potential problems associated with that. There was a lot of agent training that went to preparing the banks to sell the WAYS products. And keep in mind that even though surrender charges go away, there are still significant benefits in the optionality associated with the WAYS product at the maturity age. So I think that we would argue with the banks that they would be doing a disservice to their policyholders to rewrite things, almost even in the event of change in interest rates.
Kriss Cloninger: You are absolutely correct, Ed. It was a current product priced at 1.65% interest. If the standard interest rate goes down to 1%, which we expect it will, we will reprice at a lower yield and achieve a greater spread, which would improve the profitability of the revised product. The competitors would have to do similar pricing action. So we wouldn't be at a disadvantage competitively.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just add that this life insurance stuff is a long-term business. It's not just a quarter-to-quarter business and you need to have a bit of a long-term perspective on it. We've suffered low margins here recently over the last year, 1.5 years. And I think we would like to have opportunity to restore some of those margins and to help fund some of the realized losses we've taken due to the weak investment environment. So a concern about making too much money is not at the top of my list right now, Ed.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, actually, it's taking place now. Our sales of medical and cancer are the same number as WAYS. The difference is, is the premium is so high. So it's actually been taking place. I think what will drive our increase in sales immediately is going to be the introduction of this new -- what do we call the cancer product, the one that -- I mean the medical product -- Gentle EVER, which is a higher risk but higher premium. It's a substandard. And I think that's going to drive in the second half of the year's sales. But actually, the bank channel's doing quite well on medical and cancer sales. It's just one night the premium is the problem.
Daniel P. Amos: Absolutely. Assuming there's no change from where we are at this moment in interest rates and what's going on, that is correct.
Daniel P. Amos: No. I'd like stronger sales and certainly it's something that we're looking at and trying to concentrate on in the second half to have our traditional channel pick up. So I would say that no, it's not where I'd like it to be. But Japan's economy has not been the greatest in the world either. So not where I want it, but we're working on it and I think we'll see improvement going forward.
Daniel P. Amos: No, I think a little bit of our salespeople are selling some of the life insurance that's moved them a little bit; we're moving them back. And I think they need new products occasionally and I think this Gentle EVER introduction will help them as well.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, I think, first of all, I think this low interest rate environment is going to drive people to look at the 10-pay or 15 or even 20-pay WAYS that we have. So I think there'll be some shift from the 5 to the 10 and 15. I think even the discounted advance premium cut in half from 1% to 0.5% is great for us, but it's still the best buy out there for consumers that are spending money. So I think, although it will slow down some, I still think you're going to see that it's still the best -- one of the best buys out there in the market. And then finally, I think the introduction of the new Gentle EVER is going to impact sales and so all of those things, together, I think, will make us fall in that 0% to 5%. And you'll remember that fourth quarter is a monster of a quarter. So I think third quarter will be up slightly, but fourth quarter's the one we're going against the really big numbers.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes, we have plans to reengage the field force and our marketing guys are working on that. We believe that we'll engage them in the medic -- they take path of least resistance. So whatever the new product is, they move to. So right now we just expect them to move to Gentle EVER. It's not they won't be interested in cancer. It's just that Gentle EVER is the path of least resistance, so they'll start selling that. But we will look at more advertising to encourage the sale of the cancer products. We'll look at more advertising in regard to the medical sales as well. Contest, we basically give now no -- we cut the commissions in half on the sales of our endowment and so they'll shift from that because there's no convention credit or any credit whatsoever and it's half the commissions. So that'll move them back to the other products. So it's just several things that tie together that, I think, will push it that way.
Daniel P. Amos: No, I think there'll be a shift back more toward third sector. I still believe there's the potential for the co-pays and deductibles to go up again. I mean, we're at 30%. I've seen it go from 0% to 10% to 20% to 30%. I still believe there's the potential for it to go to 50%. If there is, there'll be more demand for our products than ever before. That isn't to say that it'll happen, but I never thought it would get to 30%. One of the things that's driving the market right now and the sale of the life products is low interest rate environment. If interest rates move up, that's positive for us in many ways. I think that if the interest rates move up, we won't see as much life insurance sold through WAYS, so that'll move down. So I think it's a balance. But I think, it's been a surprise how much life insurance we've written and I'm excited to see the profit margin, the opportunity for expansion in that. But I don't see that as our main thrust going forward.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, let me just make a comment about that. I think the real question becomes how competitors will view this. If we move with a herd mentality as we always have, and I'm really not talking about the discounted advance premium; that's kind of a no-brainer and won't be any trouble. It would be the rate decrease -- I mean the interest rate decrease or the rate increase in April. We would view it at that time according to what was going on. And we would move with everybody else. So -- but I think the trend that you're seeing is a very strong trend in the right direction of what we want to see. And the way things have moved in today's world, I think we've just got to wait a little closer and watch it, but I think that there is that upside for that happening.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, don't worry. We're not going to let that happen. I'm worried about that. I meet on that all the time. There's a balance in everything we do. Just like everybody is panicked when they saw interest rates heading down and worried about WAYS becoming unprofitable. I said, calm down, we'll have it fixed. And we have and got the thing -- we can't let it get too high either. You're absolutely right. Everything is about moderation, nothing in excess. And that's the way we look at this.
Kenneth S. Janke: Jimmy, this is Ken. Let me address the proper repatriation question. The current estimate based on losses that we've incurred so far in Japan's fiscal year would put it likely around JPY 65 billion next year, which is down from about JPY 90 billion that we had expected earlier. Remember, when we talked about the JPY 90 billion, we assumed there were no additional losses. So updating that number, that's a little over $800 million to $810 million.
Kenneth S. Janke: John, this is Ken. Just as a reminder, we came into the year thinking that we've have about JPY 800 billion of investable cash for the year. It's now at about JPY 1.3 trillion primarily because of the much better sales that we've had, coupled with very strong persistencies. So the big -- there may be swap opportunities, but the big challenge remains to putting that significant cash flow to work.
Kenneth S. Janke: Yes, Mark, this is Ken. There are actually a -- there's a couple of strategies that we're pursuing. I still can't get into a lot of details, but we remain pretty optimistic that we'll be able to generate some gains and hopefully address the combination of taking care of some current period losses and also the carryforwards in future periods. But it involves a lot of market work, legal work. There's -- we want to make sure we -- that the regulators are aware of it, for instance. So we're continuing to work at it and it's a pretty high priority here, but I just can't give a lot of detail at this time.
Kenneth S. Janke: Yes, yes. Remember, though, that when you generate gains, those gains first go to current -- to offset current period losses. And with the LME exercise that we had largely completed, the program, in the first part of the year, we had generated significant losses, about $0.5 billion. So the first $0.5 billion of gains will go towards offsetting that. So we've got to think a little bit strategically about when we would pull the trigger to take care of some of the losses this year while also keeping some of the powder dry to try and address some of the carryforwards over the next few years.
