Kriss Cloninger III: Hey Nigel, it’s Kriss Cloninger, bit of a scratchy voice this time. But you’re correct that the fourth quarter benefit ratio was higher than those we experienced in the first three quarters partly because of (inaudible) reserve recalibrations. And we typically do in conjunction with reviews of primarily closed lots of business in Japan and U.S., where we look at the reserve balances that we forecasted. Relative to the interest rates you used in valuing those blocks in the prior year, our SOX procedure is required that we do this and the fourth quarter is kind of a routine thing. And this year we increased the benefit reserves on a Japanese block of business that we call Dementia. You’ve probably heard of it before. It’s similar to long-term care in the U.S. and that was approximately ¥3 billion reserve increase in the fourth quarter. I believe we had a similar adjustment in the fourth quarter of the prior year. And actually the fourth quarter of the prior year was up even more than the first three quarters. But that doesn’t indicate that that’s going to have a trend going forward, Nigel. The ratios excluding that reserve adjustment were right in the middle of the trends I’ve shown at the FAB meeting last May, or work out what the expected benefit expense ratios and profit margins were for the core health and other block and the ordinary block separately and then I aggregated on the total. And all of our ratios fell within those ranges that I guided to last May, and I believe that those ranges will continue to prevail throughout 2013. As I indicated last May, there are two year weighted-average ratio expected for 2012 and 2013, and so we’re still in good shape in that regard. As a matter of fact, our 2012 experienced profit margin came in right in the middle of the range 19.5%. Benefit ratio was a little bit higher. Expense ratio was a little bit lower. In the aggregate, because we produced more WAYS than we produced health benefits and so that affected the weighted-average. The final thing I’ll say is that I do caveat things last May saying okay, these are ratios that will prevail over the course of the two year period, but you’re going to see some seasonal fluctuations and I was thinking primarily of the fourth quarter adjustments that we made that you saw and pointed out. So I’ll conclude just by saying I believe everything is in line with what we had expected.
Kriss Cloninger III: Well, I just say Eric as we saw declining interest rates throughout 2012, we felt like we will be in pressure to own profitability from the MEMS popularity of the 1% DAP rate and the significant impact on production of WAYS. I mean we were getting extraordinary volumes and WAYS production and we felt like may be we were selling dollar bills for $0.50 kind of thing. So we felt like in order to project the margins going forward, we needed to diminish some of the perhaps above average appeal for the WAYS product by cutting the DAP rate to the level that most other companies were crediting, which was in the neighborhood of 0.5%. So we implemented that in October. We did several other things during the same period of time when interest rates were declining during 2012. We with some production caps on child endowment and we revisit the five WAYS and things like that. So we were trying to protect the profitability that the analyst community and we were concerned about. And so we try to protect our core profitability when we made those changes. Now, from April 1, we are going to reprise products given the change in the standard valuation interest rate down to 1% premium rates and the WAYS products are going to go up 15% to 20%, the margins are going to go up towards 20% as a percent of premium and we felt like we needed to restore some of the market appeal of the discount advanced premium rate, so we decided we could easily afford to change it back from 0.5% to 1% in order to better foster us competitively in the industry. So it’s not a flip-flop, it’s a reaction to changes and market conditions is how I will characterize it.
Kriss Cloninger III: It’s like present value profits to present value premiums, it’s kind of an actuarial thing, but it’s really representative of the GAAP profit margin as a percent of well it be revenues.
Kriss Cloninger III: We’ve got about $2 billion remaining, little less than $2 billion. The most significant portion of which is $1.3 billion of losses that were generated in 2011 that would expire in 2016.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yes, I believe they were John, particularly with the higher investment yield and the like combined with the reduction in the discounted advance premium rate. Actually, if we could continue say the 2.5% that investment yield on new money, I wish we didn’t have to change anything as far as discounted advance premium and gross premium rates, which we didn’t have to go through this re-pricing activity. We’ve got to go through on April 1. So margins were good in my mind, so we have no choice relative to re-pricing April 1, because if we don’t re-price there is going to be significant regulatory surplus associated with the higher reserves associated with the 1% standard valuation rate. I was comfortable with the fourth quarter margin given the higher net investment yield and that’s why we feel confident that we can restore discounted advance premium rate from April 1.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yeah let me think for just a second. I would say they could train at 20% to 30% of premium. So, we might be looking at flat virtually zero to slightly negative margin. In the actual reported in the first 12 months of the businesses in effect, actually it pretty much a course of the issue at the time of issue, because when the business goes on the books, we first put up the deferred acquisition cost and that’s an offset to the expenses incurred. But the asset we established is not as high as the actual expenses that we incur particularly into the new DAC standard that we have to implement recently. So that’s a bit of a drain, but it happens all the time and so we got a mixed year of second year business coming in with a higher margin and new business going on the books with lower. But you are right, the big volume of WAYS we put on the books depress the margin in particularly the third and fourth quarter.
Daniel P. Amos: I think, if there is an opportunity in the first quarter we’ll take advantage of it a little bit more so than we would in the second half, because it just ensures earnings growth and it benefits us.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, we have no problem with that additional capital at the corporate level if we need it to being able to do that. So, we are going to take it as it evolves, but I think the way you should do this is that, 400 million where we’re trying to, unless some cataclysmic event guarantee and we like to do more than that, and we’ll watch it as the year goes on and make a decision accordingly.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me say this Eric, we knew when we introduced cutting the DAP that this was a possibility we might do in April. So we told the bank that was always a possibility that it could happen.Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: So here then is my follow-up. Let’s not call a foot path, that’s too harsh a word, it is what it is, you make one decision and as you’ve changed of course. By taking the tax as you have, I get some interest, it sounds like you will not be as well off from a profitability point of view, or March in point of view as would have been the case if you kept this DAP in place. But net-net where will all these actions leave you once you have and the outline is total dollar profit, not margins, right. It’s about total dollar profits and up-sell, not up margins but total dollar profit. So net-net, when you have the price increase in April, but you restore the full DAP, where will that leave you relative to what would have been the case if you were kept the DAP in place? Thank you.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, you are exactly right, Eric. It’s a question of the trade-off and volume versus margin. And that’s what I said when we went into WAYS in the first place relative to the third sector of health. We are going to ride a higher volume of products with a lower margin. We finally decided, okay, the margins got too low given the interest rate environment. So we took the repricing action of lowering the DAP in order to restore some margin. When we do that we knew we were going to loose some volume that which we did here in the fourth quarter. So that’s – but if you say the impact of total profitability, you can get as much profit with a lower volume of higher margin products and you end with a higher volume of lower margin products. That come April 1, we’re being forced by market changes to increase the base policy premium rates on the WAYS. But in order to stay competitive, we believe it is necessary to go ahead and increase the DAP rate, so that we don’t lose so much volume associated with being uncompetitive that we don’t achieve the margin. So you are right, if we maintain DAP at 0.5%, our margin would have been higher, but it would have been closer to 25% then say the high-teens to 20% that we expect after we rise the DAP back to 1%. And we think that, that will pass us in the market to be competitive, and will achieve a higher volume of production at a reasonable margin and enhance the overall profitability of company.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, I want to say one thing, this is not uncommon in the life insurance area when you are dealing with these type of issues. We knew it going in, we knew that when we decreased the DAP, we could raise it back, because of the other depending on what was happening. If we had been an environment where between October and now, we saw interest rates going down, we certainly would have kept it enforce. But it gives us flexibility to monitor and adjust, but there is nothing that our competitors are not doing too, and we are totally aware of it. Now from your standpoint, its new – in the third sector products we never had these issues. But we are very aware of it, we are on top of it, and we understand what we’re doing.Eric Berg – RBC Capital Markets: Thank you for your very complete answer.
Daniel P. Amos: We have loosened up the restrictions on the Charles Dalmon. We have put some production limits, employees that we’ve loosened up. We’re not changing the 5-pay WAYS decision. We feel like that was a good decision to put the emphasis more on the 10-pay WAYS. It has 10 years of inter-charge, so we’re not changing that, but we are staying with the whole life WAYS and making changes to the discounted advanced premium rate and of course, premium levels or WAYS in general. We’re also looking at sales incentives to certain banks and to address competitive situation for other companies that come in and given incentives and the like. So, the market response to competitive conditions is multifaceted should I say and we’re trying to stay on top of it all, because we have relationships with virtually all the banks in Japan. So we get feedbacks (inaudible) and we’re continuing to emphasis staying competitive.
Daniel P. Amos: But I think the message that I would give you is that the foundation that it build out life Japan which is cancer. And now medical is what we are concentrating on, because it was a somewhat of an anomaly the way it happened with the banks and our ability to write that first sector product specifically WAYS. We took it, because it was there and it was a great profit for us. But we’re now shifting money and resources back to the traditional channel, which where is we believe is, we want to stay number one in both medical and cancer. And that’s what we plan on doing going forward and that’s where the bonuses are tied and now we just get back to hit. But it was a strategic decision we’ve made at that time. We told you that we didn’t know how long it would last. We now see it coming more to an end and we see us concentrating on bank and the profit margins we discussed in the past and going back to doing that on the third sector.
Daniel P. Amos: I’m extremely confident. I’ve never missed earnings guidance since I’ve been CEO on 23 years. Saying that, it’s harder now that it used to be, but in my mind I have a number for what I think bank sales will be. But I will remind you that last year I told you would be down 10% on this call and we were up 30%. So to make a projection when there was that most volatility last year just seeing some – it would not be a realistic number. So I just want to wait, so I get a little closer and see what’s going to happen. But with all the things we have and going on in terms of persistency, the controls we’ve had over the budget, the claims and how they track exactly where we said we would, the new money rate on an upward trajectory, all those things made me confident that we will achieve it. But again it’s a little harder because of different things.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, for all of our business we’ve got several calls at a non-referable that we expensed in the first year. But other than those non-referable expenses, the margins tend to be level for each year of the product life as a percent of revenue.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: This is Ken, Randy. Yeah, that’s correct. It’s really until we file our FSA financial statements, which is typically done at early mid-June.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Perfect, thanks.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: All the losses that we incurred through the fourth quarter of 2012 are reflected in our current outlook for FSA results.Randy Binner – FBR Capital Markets: Understood. Thank you.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Yeah, Tom, this is Ken, let me add one thing, because you’ve seen this story before. You recall in early 2000s, we had sales pressures in Japan following the liberalization of their market. We had sales pressures in the United States following our duck bubble and sales hit done so well for a period of a few years. In all of those times, we didn’t miss earnings and largely that’s because the vast majority of our revenues and earnings come from a renewable source. When you consider the persistency rates, about 90% of Japan’s premium income comes from renewals and investment income is largely from a renewal source. So we have a pretty good idea right now what about 80% to 85% of our revenues are going to look like for 2013, and with the stability of the and predictability of the benefit and expense ratios, that’s what gives us visibility into earnings. So the bottom line is we have more visibility into the income statement than we do right now for the sales to the bank channel.
Kenneth S. Janke, Jr.: Yeah. Well, you are right. And then we will relieve some of that strain associated with non-deferrable acquisition cost and the new business will come on in a higher margin. That’s what I was trying to get to back in Eric Bird’s question. If you ride up higher volume and lower margin business, you achieve one level of profit. Then subsequently if you ride a lower volume and higher margin business, you can be similar and in total profitability, I think that’s what you are getting at is that, even though sales are going to be down, profits are going to be down nearly as much and may impact the up.
