Robin Y. Wilkey: Thanks, Dan. Let me briefly go through some first quarter numbers, starting with Aflac Japan. In terms of the top line, revenues, were up 7.8% and investment income was up 8.7%, benefiting from the receipt of a previously deferred coupon payment that was received as the results of the derisking activities in the first quarter. Our annualized persistency rate was strong at 94.5% compared with 94.3% in 2011. The benefit ratio to total premiums increased over last year, going from 69.7% to 71.5%, primarily caused by the growth of net benefit reserves for ordinary life's line of products. The expense ratio was 18.1%, down from 18.7% a year ago, primarily impacted by lower net commissions associated with the sale of life products. As a result, the higher benefit ratio, the pretax margin declined from 22.3% in the quarter to 21.3%. Turning to Aflac U.S., total revenues rose 5.2% in the first quarter and the benefit ratio to total premiums increased slightly to 55.1% compared with 54.9% a year ago. The operating expense ratio decreased from 32.1% to 31.4% primarily due to lower advertising expenditures. Reflecting the decrease in the operating expense ratio, the profit margin for the quarter was 19.6% compared with 19.1% a year ago. Turning to some other items in the quarter. As you probably read in the press release, on January 1, 2012 we adopted revised accounting guidance for DAC. The retrospective adoption resulted in an after-tax cumulative charge to retained earnings of $408 million or 3.9% of adjusted shareholders' equity as of December 31, 2010 and had an immaterial impact on net income in 2011 and the preceding years. The increase in interest expense was primarily impacted by the borrowings during 2011 and the first quarter in 2012. Due to those borrowings, it helped also increase Parent Company  [Audio Gap]  the end of fourth quarter, which was $942 million versus $385 million at the end of 2011. Parent Company and other expenses increased to $20 million compared to $14 million in the first quarter of 2011, primarily caused by several items, including foreign exchange losses on yen-denominated cash at the inc [ph] level and other general operating expense increases associated with personnel and special projects. Total company operating margins decreased, reflecting the increase of the benefit ratio in Japan and caused by the increased sales of the ordinary life line of business.  On our operating basis, the tax rate remained relatively unchanged at 34.7% and net earnings per diluted share for the quarter were $1.68 compared to $0.83 in 2011. As reported, our operating earnings per diluted share rose 7.4% to $1.74. As previously mentioned, our operating earnings benefited by the $23 million or $0.05 per share from the onetime receipt of the previously written-off deferred coupon. The stronger yen increased operating earnings by $0.04 per diluted share, excluding the yen impact, operating earnings per share increased 4.9% for the quarter.  Lastly, let me comment on the earnings outlook for 2012. The new accounting for DAC will impact earnings per share by approximately $0.05. We expect to produce operating earnings of $6.46 to $6.65 per diluted share on a constant currency basis. This range represents an increase of 3% to 6% over 2011. If the yen averages 80 to 85 for the full year, we would expect operating EPS to be in the area of $6.21 to $6.64 per diluted share. And for the second quarter, if the yen averages 80 to 85, we would expect operating earnings to be $1.53 to $1.59 per diluted share.  I want to take this opportunity to remind all of you that our annual analyst meeting will be held in New York on May 15 and 16. There, we'll be able to provide you with further updates on our operations in both U.S. and Japan, along with our outlook for the coming year. Please register to attend. Now to be fair to everybody, we're going to start Q&A, but limit yourself to only one question and a follow-up related to that one question. Now, we'll be glad to take your questions.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Nigel, to give you a flavor for the impact of WAYS on our in-force, only about 2% of our in-force policy are WAYS. And of the WAYS sales this quarter, somewhere between 40% and 50% was the 5 pay [ph]. But remember what Dan said, we only started selling 5 pay [ph] during mid year last year.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Okay. Thanks very much. If you'd like to follow-up with any questions, my colleague Tom McDaniel and I will be here, so please e-mail us or call us and we'll be glad to follow-up on anything. Thank you and we look forward to seeing you at the analyst meeting in May.
Daniel P. Amos: Actually, the repatriation number for 2013, we cited was -- we previously said, I think, close to JPY 95 billion, and now our best estimate is about JPY 90 billion. So that amount would be available for transfer from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. and presumably, a portion of that would be available for share repurchase or other capital management activities, including funding of shareholder dividend.
Daniel P. Amos: And in regard to the repricing, let me just say first of all, we're not pleased with interest rates where they are, which is no shock to any of you. And we are adjusting to this lower interest rate environment. This goes back to, I can remember in the '80s, I had a situation where we were selling single premium dementia. The difference was is that all of a sudden interest rates dropped so much, I had to cold turkey just stop everything. In the case of what's going on with WAYS and the interest rate environment, we are not in that position. It's not -- the interest rate is not where we want it to be, but it's still a profitable situation for us. Saying that, we are adjusting quotas and trying to get less production. We are in the process of looking at repricing. I can't speak for other companies, but what I can say is, is in the past, it's been more of a herd mentality than an individual company. Everyone seems to go at the same time because all of us are impacted in the same way. So I would think that when we go back, that you'll find others, but I can't speak for other companies, and what will take place. We had such a downward spiral so quickly, we're moving as fast as we can to reposition and do that. But it just is a little slower than we ever like for it to be. The good news is, is later on if it spikes back up, it's slower also on the other side. So in the meantime, we are working toward that, Jimmy, and I can't give you specifics on what the interest rate assumption will be, but it will be in line to where our profit margin is back to where it used to be, is what we're working toward.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, what I think I would say is, is that the 5 pay [ph], we definitely do not want and are working toward, although it is profitable because of the disintermediation, we would prefer not having it. So we're moving away from that. The thing I want is the bank channel. I think it offers great opportunity for us. Our products are more profitable than the life insurance products that we would compete with. So we have an advantage over the competitors in that respect, that we hold that market. In the meantime, I want to see the others. So am I -- do I like the interest rate environment we have right now in the yield? No. Do I think it's better to have it than not have it? Yes. I think it's better and I think -- and Kriss will go over in much detail, but as I said in my little talk, it's 8% to 12% profit margin. And although I wish it was 13% to 17% at 2.25%, I'm still glad to get it. But I'd rather write -- let me be clear, I'd rather write medical insurance than I had WAYS or life insurance products. But that's not an option. It's not that you replace one with the other. If our existing distribution channel was changing to where they were stopping the sale of one and changing to the other, that would be very alarming and something we would have to stop immediately. But this is a new channel that is brought on with a profit margin of 8% to 12%. And although I like the higher profit margin last year, I still like getting 8% to 12%, but I wish it was much better.
Daniel P. Amos: Eric, I'll handle that. Disintermediation is not going on at the moment. It's something that we've started examining internally as a potential issue. I mean, anytime you sell a product that has high cash value, which 5 pay [ph] WAYS does at the end of the premium period, relative to where it's going to be, you have to worry about -- if you get a spike in interest rates, is that going to be hot money to the policyholders? Are they going to take the money that they invested in a product priced at 1.85% and move it to a product priced at some higher interest rate, assuming interest rates move up? So we've been sensitive to that, but we have not observed it so far. What we've concluded is that if interest rates did spike, say from the 2% zone to the 3% zone, and you did get policyholder behavior to try to replace the old product with a newer product, what would be the impact on our net cash flow. And we've looked at it and if 100% of the people surrendered their products, it'd be a fairly low percent of our net cash flow that we would have to pay out as surrender values, we would not have to liquidate any existing investments and incur capital losses. Obviously, we would forgo investment income on those proceeds but we would have the benefit of the higher investment yields on the remainder of the new money. And so we think that on balance, that we're pretty good in that regard. At present, though, we are taking steps to limit the production of 5 pay [ph] WAYS just to be defensive for the future. Just a little insight in the product design, our current product has a surrender charge of about 30% of the ultimate value at the end of 5 years when the policy becomes paid up. And it's only when the policy becomes paid up that the cash value's 100% of the reserve. So you and I both know, from having lived through the annuity stuff in the '80s in the U.S, not nearly 100% of consumers surrender policies even if we've got higher interest rates in the environment. So I don't think it's going to be that extreme if interest rates spike. And I, to tell you the truth, I'd almost prefer that they spike to some extent. That's all.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, that's what I'm saying. That's not going on today. We don't have any disintermediation occurring at the moment. We're just looking down the road, 5 years from now, on contracts we're writing today, what's our exposure to that. We're going to be sure that as part of our investment strategy, if we can work that in as an exposure, we want to try to integrate that into our strategy, even though, I don't think it's that big a deal at the moment.
Daniel P. Amos: Nigel, I don't know if I caught all of that but let me address the margin portion of it. With regard to the 5 pay [ph] WAYS, clearly the margin is lowest when a policyholder surrenders at the end of the paid-up period or 5-year premium period. We don't get to hold the funds. We don't earn any more spread. We go ahead and have to pay out. So that's the lowest margin. But the policyholder does have the option to continue it under the life option. And the life option is kind of the medium version of profitability and that's the one we primarily focus on when we're quoting profit margins. They also have the option to convert to medical insurance at a specified age and we believe that the policies that do convert to medical will have more medical-like profitability going forward after that election date. The medical coverage would be obtainable at rates in effect at the date of the election but without regard to evidence of insurability. So that's the case. And then the other products are primarily designed to be paid up at a retirement age that the policyholder chooses, like 60, 65 and the like. So some of those are bought by people in their 50s and they're relatively shorter pay, too. But it's primarily the 5 pay [ph] that we thought we had some exposure on and we're trying to make sure we recognize the risk and built it into our planning.
Daniel P. Amos: Okay, John. I'll start that discussion. At a 2.5% yield rate, which is where we were at the beginning of 2011, we estimated that our ROE used in the statutory type investment target, our ROE would be about 20%. 20%, 21% on WAYS at the 2.5% investment yield. Now the required capital doesn't go down and it doesn't go up much with the change in the interest rate. So to the extent that the return goes down, the ROE's going to go down. So instead of a 21% return or 20%, you get closer to 10% at 2%. So that's kind of the overall flavor of that. Now you can say well, 10% ROE, does that exceed the cost of capital and then you have to start discussing, well, what kind of capital do you require to support that? And typically, we've thought of our yen-denominated Japanese products as requiring a lower cost to capital than U.S.-based production. And that could be the subject of discussion. But that's the concept, as equity, the invested equity doesn't change much, the return's lower, so the return on equity is lower.
Daniel P. Amos: Steven, I want to make one comment, when you said about the 2%. The only comment I want to make is I want to be clear, we're not satisfied with the 2%. That's the reason we're going to be filing for lower interest rate assumptions. We agree that, that's not where we want to be and either a, the rates have got to move back up. But in the meantime if they don't, then we're filing for lower. And then in addition to that, we're hoping that Eric and his team will find things other than JGBs to be buying that will give us higher investment yields that will help offset that, too. So let's just -- I just want to be very clear that we're not at all happy at 2% but -- and we'll be looking for ways to enhance that, the profit margin, going forward.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say we'll ask Eric Berg to -- Kirsch, Berg, Berg on my mind, okay. I apologize for that. But we'll ask Eric to respond to that.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, Ed, I promised you all to give you more information on the split between health and life. And I'll do that in detail at the FAB and give you some indication on margins there. But today, let me just give you a few brief observations that we've got. Today, roughly 75% of our profits are coming out of health products and 25% out of other products. And we don't expect that mix to change a lot between now and the next 2 or 3 years, even though we're writing a lot of WAYS. We have been writing some other nonhealth products and the like and WAYS has taken place of that some and WAYS is actually somewhat more profitable than those other nonhealth products that we had, like annuity and dementia and the like. So the margins on the life products as a percent of premium are going to be, going forward, about the same as they are today to slightly less. I'm looking at numbers as a percent of premium like 14% margin this year, 12% last year. I think we're going to maintain that 12% to 14% on the life products for the next 3 years. And I think the health products will continue to have a margin in the neighborhood of 24% of premium going forward and that'll be 75% of our profits 3 years from now. So we're not going to see a major, major decline in overall profitability. I'll just leave it there for right now, Ed.
Kriss Cloninger: All right, Steven, I'll handle that. You are correct in that the FSA accounting and reserving standards are more conservative than both U.S. statutory standards and U.S. GAAP standards. So the surplus strain of the -- is significantly larger on an FSA basis than it is on a U.S. statutory basis and we're going to give you some more detail on that, again, at the FAB meeting. I will say that not necessarily because of that directly, but because of our interest in demonstrating our ability to take steps to protect our solvency margin in Japan, we did choose to enter a reinsurance agreement at the end of fiscal -- March 31, 2012, for FSA reporting and we did choose to enter what essentially is a surplus relief financing reinsurance arrangement with a company to reinsure the new business production or a portion of the new business production for our major health products. We realized a ceding [ph] commission that would be recognized as income on an FSA basis and go to surplus on an FSA basis of about JPY 19 billion. And that essentially is a financing transaction, Steve. And it's not recognized as risk sharing reinsurance for either U.S. statutory or U.S. GAAP and therefore it's ignored on those bases. But the FSA does recognize that as reinsurance arrangement for FSA reporting purposes. And we did it not because we needed the surplus relief this year, but we did it partly to demonstrate that we could do it and that we had the mechanics in place in the event that we ever felt like we needed it. And it would constitute a buffer to the solvency margin ratio in the event of a significant increase in interest rates that would cause our available-for-sale assets to be carried into somewhat lower value on the balance sheet than they are today.
Kriss Cloninger: [indiscernible] I mean, the health side is still a substantial amount of our new business and the profit patterns on the health business are -- they've been there for years and years and years. It was easier for the reinsurer to get comfortable with that quickly than it was on the new life products.
Kriss Cloninger: I'll give you a little color on that, Joanne. The FSA reviews the pricing activity for all the large companies. They do permit us to price within a range of interest rates and the like. And the reference interest rate is generally referred to as the standard interest rate. The standard interest rate has been 1.5% since, I think it was 2001, maybe 2002. But the standard interest rate is determined based on an average of 10-year JGB auctions, recent auctions. And there's a mechanical formula that dictates when the standard interest rate gets changed. And I think we're approaching the point where if the 10-year JGB stays at less than 1% for a number of months, then it's possible that the standard interest rate would be decreased to 1%. And that would be effective for reserving all new business written in Japan and that would tend to incentivize companies to change rates so that they could avoid excess reserves associated with policies priced at interest rates in excess of the standard valuation interest rate. So that's what Dan referred to, as everybody will probably move at once. And that's probably what we would react to. We do have some pricing flexibility, with respect to other portions of our products, such as the interest rate used in the discounted advance premium fund and the like that we have some more discretion with respect to and we're evaluating. Obviously, we can't speak for the FSA, I'm just giving you color as to what my understanding of the general situation is. But I know that we consult with the FSA when we're going to reprice products.
