Robin Wilkey: Thank you, Dan. I’d like to go over some first quarter numbers this morning, especially those related to the yen impact which was notable. I will start first with Aflac Japan beginning with the currency impact for the quarter. During the quarter the yen weakened against the dollar 9.8%. In reference to the top-line in the yen terms, revenues as reported were up 2.2%, while excluding the impact of currency; revenues were up 1.5% for the quarter. Investment income, as reported, increased 9.4%. Excluding the weaker yen in the quarter on Aflac Japan’s dollar denominated investment income, net income rose 4.5%. In terms of quarterly operating ratios, the benefit ratio to total revenues declined over last year going from 61.4% to 59.9% in the first quarter. Reinsurance impacted the benefit ratio by a negative 0.5% in the quarter. The improvement in the benefit ratio reflects typical seasonality, as it easily increases as the year progresses. Excluding the impact of the weaker yen, the benefit ratio for the quarter would have been 60.3%. The expense ratio increased in the quarter to 18.1%, up from 17.1% in the first quarter of 2013. Reflecting the improvement in the benefit ratio, the pre-tax margin increased going from 21.5% to 22.0%. Excluding the impact of currency, the pre-tax profit margin for the quarter would have been 21.5%. With the expansion of the margin, pre-tax earnings increased 4.6% in yen terms.  Excluding the impact of the yen, pre-tax earnings in the quarter increased 1.5% Now let me turn to some numbers for Aflac U.S. Total revenues rose 1.2% for the quarter and persistency was 73.8% compared to 74.7% a year ago. And looking at the other operating ratios, the benefit ratio for the quarter was 47.1% compared to 48.0% last year. The operating expense ratio improved slightly going from 32.5% to 32.1%. The profit margin was 20.8% compared to 19.5% a year ago. Primarily reflecting the improvement in the benefit and expense ratio, pre-tax operating earnings increased from 3.6% last year to 7.9% this year in the quarter. Now turning to some investment activity for the quarter, let me first start with Aflac Japan. Approximately 74% of new cash flow was invested in JGBs for a weighted-average yield of 1.51%. During the quarter, 26% or $1.1 billion of new cash flow was invested in U.S. securities for a weighted-average yield of 3.37%. As a result, the total new money yield in Japan for the quarter was 1.99%, up 47 bps from December 31 and down 104 bps from a year ago. The portfolio yield was 2.86% at the end of March, up 6 basis points from the end of December and 15 bps lower than a year ago. In terms of U.S. investments, the new money yield for the quarter was 4.33%, up 1 basis point from December 31. Turning to few other items in the quarter, non-insurance interest expense was $50 million compared with $48 million a year ago; parent company and other expenses $16 million compared to $17 million in the first quarter of last year. On an operating basis, the tax rate was 33.8% compared with 34.4% a year ago. As reported, operating earnings per diluted share were $1.69, in line with a year ago. The significantly weaker yen decreased our operating earnings per diluted share by $0.10 in the quarter. Excluding the yen impact, operating earnings per diluted share would have increased 5.9%. Lastly, let me remind you as Dan said, we’re reaffirming our objective for 2014 of a 2% to 5% increase in operating earnings per diluted share excluding the impact of the yen. In this year, we estimate that 1 yen move on the average annual exchange rate will equal approximately $0.031 to $0.037 per diluted share. So, if the yen averages a 100 to a 105 for the full year, we would expect operating EPS of $6.06 to $6.40 per diluted share this year. For the second quarter using the same currency assumptions, we would expect operating earnings to be somewhere in the range of $1.54 to $1.68 per share. I’d also like to take this opportunity to remind everyone that our Annual Financial Analyst Briefing Meeting will be held in New York on May the 22nd, and we hope to see you all there. Now we are ready to take your questions, but first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to that initial question. Now we’re ready to take your questions.
Robin Wilkey: And I would also remind you that the number of post offices almost doubled in March. So that’s just occurred where we went from 1,500 post offices to 2,980.
Robin Wilkey: Thank you everybody for joining us. If you have further questions (inaudible) and we have to see you all at our Analyst Meeting on May 22nd. Thanks so much. Bye, bye. 
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. So you’re correct. I am trying to refocus the orientation of repatriation from FSA earnings toward the absolute level of the SMR. It’s not to say that we ignore FSA earnings at all, John, but….
Kriss Cloninger: In making the decision to target a higher repatriation then originally projected, specifically a ¥127 billion instead of about a ¥100 billion house in Japan week before last and looking at projected SMRs as of the end of the first quarter and alike and concluded that if we kept about the same SMR that we had at December 31st, which was around 777 specifically not in the 750 to 775 range we could bring back about 25% more than we expected or the ¥127 billion number and still achieve that level of SMR. Now you made the observation that what’s our kind of risk adjusted SMR target I forget what the exact words you used were but it’s not the 775 is our target SMR and that’s got a cushion in it to allow for the fact that unrealized gains are substantial at the moment, what would the impact on the SMR be if interest rates went up some, what happens if we have some currency changes, what happens if credit spreads increase. And so we can absorb fairly a significant change in those factors and still stay above the what I’ve called the core target which is going to be closer to 600%.
Kriss Cloninger: It might be even a bit below that. Now we’re going to build out some of that John at the FAB meeting with the presentations Todd Daniels our Chief Risk Officer is going to make and Ken and I’ll offer additional comments. But you’re right on, we’re trying to produce an appropriate level of repatriation, primarily in relation to where our capital ratios are.
Kriss Cloninger: Well let me start and Eric may want to follow-up the $0.12 you mentioned was what I categorized as our headwind to increase in operating earnings per share on account of several investment related matters. One was lower yields than we started with at the beginning of last year because at the beginning of last year we put a lot of money into U.S. corporates in the first half of the year so we had a very good start on yield. This year we pulled back the second half of the year to invest more in JGBs, we restarted the U.S. corporates in the first quarter and I want Eric to comment on that. But a combination of lower investment yields in the first part of the calendar year 2014 compared to 2013, of somewhat lower level of new cash flow because of the decline in the first sector sales also impacted that $0.12 estimate and a very little of it related to investment operating expenses.
Kriss Cloninger: All right. The so called CVP project, yes I had estimated about $0.12 a share for that one also. So that’s where I got confused, but…
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, there was. What we budgeted in estimating the $0.12 for CVP was in fact incurred in the first quarter of 2014. So, our spending is inline with the budgets that underlie the financial estimates.
Kriss Cloninger: I think it ramped up some, I don't specifically remember what it was by quarter. But I believe spending was scheduled to ramp up some throughout the year of 2014, but it was going to level out in 2015. So, it was like zero in the first quarter and $0.04 in the second third and fourth.
Kriss Cloninger: No, we’ve already provided for the upcoming debt maturity. We took care of that with the bond issue last year. This additional repatriation increases our financial flexibility, I thank it gives us more confidence; we’re likely to hit the high-end of the target on the share repurchase this year. But quite frankly, we just decided it last week and I really hadn’t had a chance to simulate it with treasury team here. But it increases our confidence; we can hit the upper-end of the share repurchase target. We already did for $15 million worth of $800 million to $1 billion target for the year. And we could have done more in the first quarter, but we want to keep some dry powder in case of market developments later in the year. So, I don’t know, Ken do you have any…
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start, and I am sure Dan is going to want to add something to this as well. We have really been focusing the carrier side of our sales force meaning our sales management throughout the country to focus on the recruiting activity and the 3% increase that we saw in the first quarter I think is just the reflection of really our redoubled effort on recruiting. What we need to do is the process is to bring new recruits in and then have them convert to producing agents then you get that through training and mentoring through the coordinator system. And that’s the number that we are really focusing on turn. And we haven’t seen it yet but we have seen other activities, for instance improvements in the number of new payroll accounts that we think will lead to better our producers as we go forward.
Kriss Cloninger: We had a gain on the reinsurance transaction during the FSA fiscal year ending March 31, 2014, that will be included in FSA earnings. The repatriation of a 127 billion lets’ say it's probably going to end up being around 80% again including the reinsurance gain, but it will be close to a 100% excluding the reinsurance gain. Again, I want to reiterate that are more focused on SMR than FSA earnings, but those are the order of magnitudes of the repatriation relative to earnings.
Ken Janke: The only thing I’d add to that it’s more likely that the additional repatriation will be warehoused in Columbus in the U.S. segment, but we have more than adequate dividend capacity if we elected later to send it to the parent company.
Ken Janke: Yes, this is Ken. It was related to the change in persistency that’s what largely drove it and you saw that also reflected in higher debt amortization. We also had lower operating expenses particularly general operating expenses and you know we’ve commentated last year in the third quarter that we’re undertaking some initiatives here to enhance our operations particularly in an enrollment initiative right now. And we haven't seen a lot of expenses associated with that yet. So, you will see that increase as the year progresses. And the other thing that I’d note in there is, you may remember last year we made some changes to our retiring medical and to moving from a defined benefit to a defined contribution plan for new hires. And as a result a lot of that savings flows through the U.S. segment and it’s actually those savings that we had anticipated using this funding, the initiatives that we are working on the U.S. So again our expectation would be that we would see higher benefits in the next several quarters which is typically our seasonal pattern and we would also see greater spending on some of the strategic initiatives that we have outlined. The two highest priorities within those initiatives, I would say other than the enrollment that I mentioned are the Everwell exchange platform and then building out the sales distribution at Aflac group, so that we can better penetrate the large case market.
Ken Janke: So we always see at a bit, its always a bit lower in the first quarter but it’s something that we are carefully monitoring. We continue to see some mixed economic data, and we don’t know to what degree that maybe driving, but it’s something that we are watching very closely.
Ken Janke: Steven, this is Ken. We did have a calling, we periodically do parts our agent records for non-producers, we also had some that failed to take required training and those are naturally purged as well. So it would kind of a -- it was a clean up if you will of the ranks. And we don't do it annually, but we do periodically and because that it does get noticeable.
Dan Amos: And the only other comment that I want to make is that we’re well aware of how much shareholders feel about additional capital and that they’d like to see it in the share repurchase. So, balancing that with what we’ve always said about the dividend will be continued the way we operate going forward.
Dan Amos: Yes. I have been now watching the U.S. and getting very actively involved for the last nine months or so. And we have created some short term disruption for what I believe will be long term growth. The segmentation of the why we do business to where our field force is concentrating on a 100 or less our core broker which is more brokers to deal with what I call community brokers and then national brokers. And our ability to pay higher commissions to the management team for 100 or less, I think it is going to be very positive now. The way we do it is not on first year commission and some renewal commission. So they actually won’t see the benefits until January of next year, I mean you just call out me telling I am going to give you $100 versus hand it to you. And so it has a little slower impact even though we are (inaudible) statements of whether it will be and things of that nature. It takes a little while, but I do believe that there is great opportunity there for us. And I think the second quarter will still be down slightly, I want to be clear on that. But I think the second half, I am expecting it to be up. All that being said, we have got to execute well, we have got some problems on our own that we are working on, but I am encouraged because I believe with change comes disruptions but it also offers opportunity. And I believe there is lot of opportunities for us and we are working hard on doing that. And I believe ultimately we will prevail and see stronger growth, especially in the larger than 50 accounts because I think our individuals will continue to grow that business for us, but it would be actually easier to grow accounts 50 or more if we didn't have the field force, but I’ve got to deal with the field force who are so important to us and they are key to our growth. But I have to work that through and it’s just taking sometime. But I have been in talk to the vast majority of our field force, I’d say 80% to 90% of the field force I have been in front of, talked to and I’m encouraged by what I’m seeing, but it’s slower than I wanted to be. I’m frustrated that it’s taking longer than it is. But I do believe the fundamentals are there. And I could talk on and we’ll cover it in more detail at the FAB Meeting, but just because of a lot of financial questions you want, I’ll limit to that, but if you want to ask more, I’ll be glad to answer.
Dan Amos: Absolutely, there is a number built in to the 2% to 7% with Japan Post, but they have specifically asked us not to discuss that and we have to hear to their request. But most definitely and I believe they will achieve what they’ve told us. I generally found that to be true with all Japanese corporations. I saw it with [Daechi Life], I saw it with the bank channels I’ve seen with all the groups that we’ve dealt with that they come very close to meeting or exceeding the objectives that they set forth. Saying that, remember all the new objectives were reset effective April the 1st with it being New Year for them. And so, I do expect them to make those numbers, because they are committed to it. They see it as a positive for them not just for us as they make decisions on what they are going to do in terms of going public or whatever. It’s a big benefit to both us and to them. So, go ahead.
Dan Amos: Well, what I would say is the actual number of counts or post office does not totally give you a number, because one office in (inaudible) is bigger than a 100 offices in other location. So, total number of offices won’t directly tell you, but symbolically it begins to set the pattern for what we're talking about that we have doubled and that we’re on the road to do this. So, the other thing that Tohru mentioned is, it is not just the post office, but also the sales organization of the post office eventually selling with us. And when it will come online and how they will do it. They’ve got which is compo; they have any normal sales force that is very, very strong in dealing with the consumers and exactly how that will come on. And all I can really tell you is that what I’ve said in the fourth quarter is, is that we absolutely expect to achieve that number. And I wish I could give you more color on it, but that’s part of doing business in Japan. As you may know or not know, one time people of other companies discuss something that was told not to do and it created enormous problems between the two companies. So, we don’t want any problems because we are working so well with them and appreciate. But we let me be clear, we don’t get to go at our pace, we have to go with their pace, but their pace and our pace are the numbers reflected in the sales target that I gave you.
Dan Amos: Well, part of it is recruiting from the year before. There is no doubt in my mind that the recruiting has hurt us to a great degree, because there is enormous correlation between the number of new accounts, I mean the number of new recruits and the number of new accounts they open. And so, Tom, our Director of Sales has really been concentrating on ramping up the number of people that we hire. Also one of the things is simply putting in these new programs in the separation; we’ve had meetings that have disrupted us to a degree in terms of just short-term sales. But putting excuses aside, I just don’t think we’ve done a good enough job and we got to do better. I’m not going to go blame a bunch of stuff except us. And we’re going to pick it up and we’ve got little problems here and there on everything, but I believe the economy is no worse than it was if not a little bit better. I believe the accounts over 50, they’ve adjusted pretty much and there is no major change there. It seems to be a little bit of a problem with the accounts of 50 and less because they are uncertain to some degree and of course that’s where we write the majority of the business. But overall, I think we should be doing better and I’m going to be expecting more in the second half.
Dan Amos: I’m still believing that. And as I said, I’ll live for the fourth quarter; I mean second quarter to be down slightly. So, I don’t want to mislead you. But I will be hard lived with it and end up saying, I warn you now, you don’t have to tell them, they know it.
Dan Amos: Before Eric says that, this is Dan, I want to make one other comment. With products changing so fast which they are faster that’s the reason we need these additional funds for the computer update because things are changing new builds and whistles on products, new ways of doing things. So I just want to reiterate as you talk about these changing products and moving faster that’s one reason the expenses have gone up in our IT systems to be able to do that. So, now Eric sorry.
Dan Amos: I was -- I'm sitting here trying in my mind break it down. I think four are up and four down. I know the Southeast is down and I know that the North is up, the way we do it. I can’t remember any of the specifics. But I do know those two particular ones. I know the Pacific, the number of recruits is way up and we're expecting that to continue. We’ve had a couple of management changes, so that impacts us too, but I'm trying to think of anything else. But it's more this -- I look at more of the states than I do the territory itself and what's going on from that perspective. And the place we've got to see growth is got to be California, New York, Florida, Texas. The same states you think of in terms of winning of Presidential election is the big states with the population. It's not going to be the Georgia. I mean house penetration and population as South Dakota, they are not going to carry us over. They're great state and they’re good example whereby to look to and that area of the country is doing very well. So I can mention them when I think about it. But it's got to be these metropolitan areas that have got to pull us for future growth. So, I’ll give you more detail about at the Analyst Meeting. I’ll break that out, getting broken out for you where you know more but I don’t know more than that.
Dan Amos: Well I hope so, its my intend to continue to decrease the difference between the FSA reported earnings and say U.S. statutory earnings, or U.S. statutory earnings are increasing at a more rapid pace than FSA earnings. I talk someone on the road about the difference between FSA and staff to reserves and how the more conservative assumptions and the like underlying the FSA reserves and factor we have to post full strength net level reserves on an FSA basis, drags down our FSA earnings in the year, we write a lot of new business and statutory gives us a little bit of breakthrough than actual technique call pulmonary term. We’ve just seeing significant increases in FSA reserves, our stab reserves and I think the stab reserves, we are satisfy with those adequate from an economic point of view, and probably more than adequate from an economic point of view. So I am working toward reducing the difference between stab and FSA reserves which improves, will improve our ability to repatriate.
Dan Amos: Well, we will probably have reinsurance as a significant tool to help us reduce the change in the difference between FSA and stab. I am going to give you some additional information on FAB about that what progressions are, but roughly the projected increase would be about 60 billion yen next year and the difference, I think I can use some techniques to manage that difference down and to allow more of that to follow FSA earnings. But again I am focused on the SMR more than earnings, but I am trying to manage our ability to repatriate up by creating a stronger and a more stable solvency margin, one that’s less subject to volatility and I think the reinsurance agreement we did this year, the other actions we took to minimize volatility and SMR give you an indicator as to why we were comfortable increasing repatriation this year and that is one of our management objectives.
Dan Amos: Sure I would be glad to, what I am saying is that our field force is key to our business and as we deal with larger accounts broker don’t like to necessarily deal with our field force, but our field force is what build our company we have to keep them. So there is conflict between brokers and field force, so m to constantly keep the field force writing the accounts of 100 or less especially new people that are getting into business. And I can give you this is example, it’s kind corny but it’s a true story, I mean true example, if I have said to you, I am going to take you fishing and I am going to take you and you can fish in this lake and you will catch all the fish you want. But none of them will be bigger than a pound, but you’ll leave with all you want or I’ll take you over here and you can fish in this lake and you can catch a few, but there is a 10 pounder in there, almost everybody wants to go to the lake and try to catch the 10 pounder. That’s true with the sales force you hire a new person, they all want to go land the big account, but the fact is they will make a live in and they will be able to eat and do what they need to do on writing the one pounders or the small accounts. And trying to create that wage creates conflict and trying to keep them to do that. Because most of the time, our associates are going to do great with a 50 or less or 100 or less. But they are going to land the big ones, but brokers tend to land the bigger ones. So, is a disruption, before we just say go out and call on anything you want do whatever you want to do. And now we try to move them to the younger through call me smaller accounts through compensation. So, that’s what I’m talking about. 
Dan Amos: Well, I wouldn’t say it, if I didn't think it. I think it’s going to be top. But I’ve always found a way to win and my age makes no difference, I’d say I’m working harder and actually I’m enjoying it. There is lot of the strategies we’re putting in place are doing were carry over for things that have been going on in the past. It’s just the changing environment, it’s not that our strategies were wrong, it’s just things are changing. So, I still believe that I tell you I mean that’s why I said the second quarter is going to be down slightly. So, I’ll give you more inside into that at the FAB Meeting. But again, I believe with change comes opportunity. And I wouldn’t swap our U.S. market in our potential for anybody else out there. I mean I don’t want to be in the life insurance, I don’t want to be in a property casually. I still think our markets got the biggest potential. And I think we’re in the right place. And final thing I would say is we’re ending this call is we are a written trashy business either. The one thing that’s the undercurrent of everything we’re doing right now is look at the margins, look at the business we’re riding, we’re making sure that what we put on the books is good business and you don’t have to come back three years from now and say yes, you wrote all those sales increases. But they didn't end up being profitable and we’re not doing that. So, we’re being cautious and making sure as we take on new markets and new things, that we ultimately protect the shareholders and make sure we give a good value to the policyholders.
