Max Broden: So Nigel, obviously, as we travel through the pandemic, we're now moving into more, I would call, normal economic conditions in environment, i.e., less impacted over time by the pandemic. That means that obviously, we gain confidence in how we can deploy capital, and you saw that in the quarter. At the same time, we're not fully out of this yet. And we will continue to look at the -- all the different deployment opportunities that we have. In the quarter, $650 million was a step-up from what we've seen previously, and that reflects our confidence in what we see the franchise driving and coming through over time. And going forward, we will continue to make sure that we hold capital in the right places around the company and deploy capital at favorable IRRs.
Max Broden: So I can give you one example. So in the month of January, we had paid claims drop about 28% in the U.S. compared to prepandemic conditions. That's a very significant drop. We saw a significant normalization from that level in the month of February and further normalization in the month of March. This, to a large extent, explains the low benefit ratio in the quarter.
Max Broden: And one thing I would like to add, Humphrey, as well, as we look forward, is that there are certain of our products, you could see an increase in claims being filed as people go back for their physicals, go back for elective surgeries. Even in the line of cancer, we could see a step-up in terms of claims being filed in the future that did not occur during the pandemic. That's why we view the period that we just have been through as abnormal.
Max Broden: Our actuaries also remind us constantly that there is a little bit of a lagging environment, and that is there's a bit of a timing gap, as you can imagine, between the actual incident taking place, i.e., going to the doctor and then the filing of the claim. And so you can see some lagging. So we watch the trends and try to embed that in our forecasting as well.
Max Broden: Yes, there was an element of that coming through as well. That moved our benefit ratio by about 1.5 points down.
Max Broden: One thing I would add that's interesting, just to give you some color on the relative nature of the state of emergency. We sell product through what we would call retail shops, about a little over 20 of those shops are actually owned by Aflac and about 380 of those shops are through affiliate ownership, and we'll do about JPY 6 billion a year in a normal year of production through those shops. During the peak of the emergency orders in the pandemic in April of 2020, essentially all 400 of those locations were shut. Today, under the state of emergency issued around the Tokyo and Osaka and Kobe area, 13 of those shops are closed. And so it gives you a little bit of a perspective on the difference between the early days of the pandemic and more severe approach to emergency orders and the current period that's trying to balance productivity and businesses remaining open, while at the same time, exercising caution.
Max Broden: Yes. That's essentially what I was going to say is we have not factored in any impact, and so we are not expecting.
Max Broden: Will -- go ahead. Well, shorter answer is it's not we -- meaning, we have not adjusted our guidance or even really the path of that guidance, while down for the reasons we've talked about, most notably just simply sales being down. It is actually essentially on plan, meaning it is meeting our expectations and what we thought would take place, Tom. So we're not adjusting any of our thoughts for the roll forward.
Max Broden: Yes, it is doing better. And -- but I would say, overall, it's coming in just as we thought might happen.
Max Broden: The total benefits ratio is obviously heavily impacted by quarter end actuarial review studies. But I would say there's just tracking sort of paid claims. We were getting closer to a normal level in the month of March, still not all the way up to what I would say to be prepandemic levels, but we're getting fairly close.
Max Broden: And that is factored into when we then look at our full year benefit ratio, as we sit here today, and we look out for our benefit ratio we obviously incorporate a whole host of different factors when we look at the full year, including the possibility of some pent-up demand in terms of claims being filed as well. I touched earlier on that, including a potential increase in cancer claims. That's factored into our revised guidance of being towards the low end or slightly below the 48% to 51% for the benefit ratio for the full year in the U.S.
Max Broden: Yes. Even though -- what's interesting is even though sales were somewhat suspended in the system during this period of recovery for Japan post, the alliance never stopped. And that's important to understand. And so other areas of the alliance, including investing in the distribution platform, investing in mutual technology, certain investment in venture-related strategies. The entire governance structure and regular meetings with executive management and with frontline management, none of that was suspended. It kept moving forward. And much of it was designed around advancing technology and advancing process improvement between the two parties, taking advantage of this pause in the action to be ready to come back into market.
Max Broden: I don't think that we have really gone through such a prolonged time, something like COVID and the type that has had. We saw in the very beginning of COVID that cancer screenings dropped significantly. That then started to normalize. So it's still sort of difficult to fully sort of see or have a clear expectation of it, what the impacts may or may not be. We are trying to be conservative in the estimates that we have and our expectations for what the different outcomes could be in general. I would also remind you that generally, severity does have a little bit of an impact on our claims, but it's relatively small. We're -- primarily frequencies really what drives our benefit ratio.
Max Broden: I think in terms of the Japan paperless initiative, it's on track. It's moving well. As you might recall, it's a JPY 10 billion, roughly 2.5-year investment. And I would say we're probably in the range of JPY 3 billion, perhaps approaching JPY 4 billion of investment to date. It's designed to take about 80 million pieces of paper out of the system. And it's largely oriented around our policyholder services platform, where when the application starts in a paper form, it remains in a paper form through the processing environment. And so we're looking to get that out of the system, and that benefits cost structure. It benefits business recovery because you can move information around the country of Japan, which can be prone to natural disaster, as you know, and so -- and then also finally has environmental benefits, of course. And so that's a big initiative. We expect to save about JPY 3 billion a year in the way of expenses, and it remains on track, and it is closely tied to the digitization of the platform. It's essentially one and the same. It's one of the major efforts, if you will, that's involved in overall digitization of the platform.  In terms of the $400 million sustainability bond, yes, we have very well-articulated and dedicated plans for the investment of those funds. They largely surround classic sustainability investments, meaning climate, climate-related renewable energy investments. They also include, among other things, investments in opportunity zones in areas that suffer from a lack of income equality. And so those are largely the areas that we're targeting. And as you may know, in the sustainability bond, so-called green bond, et cetera, marketplace. There's very strict and well-defined requirements around what you invest in, the qualification of those investments, the tracking of those investments and the yielding of benefits from those investments. And so while it's a $400 million bond, my point in my comments was it's a much bigger effort for the company because it serves to set the entire structure up for broader-based investment, far greater than $400 million over time, particularly the utilization of our general account on ESG efforts.
Daniel Amos: Well, I'll start and then turn it over to Japan. But in my talk, I said that we saw improvement with January -- February numbers were better than January, and March numbers were better than February, and we expect the second quarter to be better than the first quarter. And that was true in both countries. So from that standpoint, so let me let or whoever he would like to speak talk specifically about your questions.
Daniel Amos: Yes. I think it's too early for us to tell. But what I would, Fred mentioned this, but I want to reinforce it, is we've got as good a relationship with the new management team as we had, if not better, with the old management team and being large shareholders that they are. They're also very interested and their stock and what they've invested in. And so it's a win-win opportunity. And I think it will be coming back but when you -- we're in uncharted waters with all of this COVID stuff. And so it's hard for us to go out when we don't know about it as well. But look, this is not in any projections, but my gut just tells me, and it's just mind. So for what it's worth, but that it's going to do very well, and it's going to be a little slow in the second quarter. And then they're going to ramp it up.  The one thing I've seen with the Japanese over the years is they tend to analyze, reanalyze, reanalyze again and then all of a sudden move at once. So you don't -- in the U.S., we kind of ease into it, add a little more, add a little more and then it builds. If you take both groups at the starting line, the U.S. will always take off first. But at some point, halfway through that, Japan will all of a sudden decide, we're ready to go. And they will boil out and then all of a sudden go to that point. I believe we're in that stage right now. I believe that will go through the first quarter. But I think by the end of the year, you're going to see them coming back and pulling out. Aflac Japan is a little bit more reluctant than to say all of that. So I am not speaking on their behalf, but I've been doing this for 31 years. And I just have a real good feeling that also Japan post wants to make money, and they need to do those things. And Aflac's products with cancer insurance are something that consumer wants and needs. So when you add that to it, I would say there's a good chance.  Now the downside is, something goes wrong with the -- with COVID or something like that. But that's not limited to us. That happens every business out there today. So I'm sure you take that into account. But if you exclude that, I feel pretty good about what's going to be taking place.
Daniel Amos: Thank you, and I believe that wraps up our call. I want to thank everyone for joining us. Today, if you have any follow-up questions, please feel free to reach out to the investor and rating agency Relations teams, and I look forward to seeing you soon, hopefully, and also talking to you in the near future. Thank you.
