Fred Crawford: Sure, Erik. Thanks. It’s Fred. There are a couple of components to be mindful of in a strengthening yen. One is because we, of course have a dollar program where we are generating dollar based income from an investment perspective, on a cash basis you are needing to convert that dollar back into yen and as it converts, it will actually be a headwind to FSA earnings. And so when it comes to looking at repatriation, for example, just FSA earnings themselves would typically see some modest headwind related to yen strengthening. Now you couple that also however, with looking at the overall condition in your SMR ratio and what’s happening in capital conditions. And as I mentioned in my comments, we continue to have stability in our SMR ratio, meaning that exchange rates aside, the spread gap – gap in spreads and lower interest rates have actually provided a little bit of a modest lift to SMR ratio. So when you combine those two, the capital conditions by SMR and looking at any pressure to FSA earnings, I would expect to hold steady on our repatriation efforts. Now the other end of your question is a good one and that is well, don’t you have an opportunity to then convert that yen back into more dollars in the U.S. through your hedging of repatriation activity. And the answer is yes, but there is a lagging effect. And the reason there is a lagging effect is because our strategy on hedging repatriated yen is to really roll forward, if you will our dollar cost average our way into hedging typically about five quarters to maybe as much as six quarters out in advance. So eventually, we start locking future cash flows into more attractive exchange rates on a yen to dollar basis, but for a while it lags. So for example, in 2016, we have hedged effectively all of our repatriated – repatriation plans at least on an FSA earnings basis and the average hedge exchange rate that we have converted dollars into is about ¥117 – of about ¥117 to the dollar. So that gives you an idea. So we are on the negative side, if you will compared to current exchange rates, but realize over time, that will all flow together in dollar cost averaging. There will no doubt be a time where we are actually on the attractive end of converting yen to dollars as exchange rates move around.
Fred Crawford: I think the important thing to note on that Erik, is that my first stop in terms of thinking about repatriation strategy is really on capital quality, capital conditions and what types of risk and issues and performance is taking place in the business. Only then do I think about exchange rate strategy. And that’s really – exchange rate strategy in my view, is the tail that wags the dog. It’s not the major dynamic. So if you were to for example, assume stability in capital conditions, which currently we think conditions are relatively stable, then what we may do on the margin is go out a little further and lock in more of that yen coming back home into dollars. We may also toggle between that 80% and 100% of FSA earnings based on – somewhat on the value of the dollars or the yen to dollar that we are bringing back, but that is a very, very minor component to the overall decision, which is hey, what’s going on with the capital conditions in Japan.
Fred Crawford: Yes. What my comment is referring to is, in 2015, as you know, in March of 2015, right, prior to my arrival, Aflac executed on a reinsurance transaction that generated after-tax about ¥90 billion, if you will, in FSA earnings. And as you recall from last year, over the course of the year, but most predominantly in the fourth quarter, we effectively brought the majority of that ¥90 billion, if you will, back to the U.S. or let’s call it $750 million. That served to really kick up the level of excess capital that we had at the holding company at year end and we have been essentially spending that down through the combination of accelerated repurchase into the first quarter, but also we will gradually feather down that excess capital over the course of 2016 and also 2017. So, the important point to note is that there is the true free cash flow of the company and then there is the cash flow or excess capital that’s been generated through reinsurance. And last year’s exercise is a good example of that. So, as we spend that down over the course of 2016 and ‘17 that’s what’s supporting some of our deployment – deployable capital estimates that you have seen historically in previous FAB discussion.
Fred Crawford: So, let me talk a little bit about – let me hit your margin first and then I am going to toss to Paul to clarify also or expand on some of the actions we are taking. But just on the margins, first of all, these products have been priced to exceed our cost of capital and obviously drive economic value for the company realizing that in many cases, we are selling the product in combination with third sector distribution relationships and so we think in terms of sort of a blended economic value driven off the distribution. Where there are distribution partners that are more dominant in the first sector and much more say lump sum dumping or interest-sensitive type sales, that’s where you particularly want to take more decisive action. Now, I mentioned that early in the year, we bought – pre-bought JGBs. We bought JGBs at around a little north of 1% at an average duration of around 20, 22 years. And obviously, pricing these days, you are talking about yields more down around 30 to 40 basis points. That has gone a long way to defending our returns in the product over the course of this year. It doesn’t completely immunize the returns, but it gives you a great start to defending and allows you or buys you time to take not only actions on the distribution front, but also actions on the investment front as flows come in over time. And so right now, keep in mind that we tend to price these products out with an expectation for yields in the roughly 1.25% to 1.4% range. And just to give you an idea, in the first quarter alone, even with the heightened allocation to JGBs, we, after hedge costs, generated around a 2% or so yield net of hedge costs. And so we have got some room in our pricing to suffer the natural low interest rate environment over time and still defend yields, but we have got to be diligent in shutting down the flows, because over time, clearly, these are much less attractive and we need time to re-price and recalibrate. Paul, maybe I will toss to you then on some of the actions we are taking.
Fred Crawford: Sure. Yes, in my comments, I do want to be clear that what definitely is expected when we play out the seasonal dynamics of our business is that we would experience stronger than normal and in fact typically the strongest quarter of the year is the first quarter for the reasons I mentioned on my calls. Natural seasonality, some of the natural lapsation that comes off of a strong 4Q sales into 1Q sales and the enrollment periods and everything that plays into the natural rolling of our business, that all plays into a better benefit ratio in the first quarter. However, I would tell you that this benefit ratio is certainly a bit lower than we would have naturally planned for. This is still doing a little better than what we would expect. And I think as we go through the numbers obviously and dive into the actuarial performance in the business, we are seeing a few things. One is obviously some of the continued positive trends we have been experiencing in recent years in terms of just overall claim activity. When you couple that with the natural adjustments or, in some cases, lack of adjustments in IBNR as your actual to expected continues to perform well, you can essentially hike – enhance, if you will, the impact on your benefit ratio in any period. In other words, couple just good old-fashioned positive claims activity with positive IBNR adjustments once you’ve studied the business long enough to make the adjustments. In past few years, I would tell you that even though we have experienced strong first quarters, there were at times where we made certain IBNR adjustments on select lines of business where we felt as if there was modest efficiencies, for example, when looking at actual to expected. And now having caught up with those reserve strengthenings, we are not seeing as much of that anymore. And so you tend to highlight the first quarter, but I want to remind you that we also had actually quite a positive fourth quarter relative to our expectations. So, we will develop perhaps a little more dialogue around this at our FAB meeting in May. And what I would tell you is that our practice here, as it takes quite a bit of time, of research and looking at the trends before we would declare victory, if you will, on resetting our expectations for benefit ratios. We fully expect second quarter benefit ratios to rebound back if you will towards our outlook guidance that we gave in December and you should anticipate that as you think about modeling our results.
Fred Crawford: Yes. It’s really implied in some of my outlook comments. And that is, as we sit here today based on our planning we have suggested FSA earnings and associated repatriation in the range of ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion. Let me also clarify something just to make sure we are all on the same page and that is I am talking about 2016, just realize that we print our FSA earnings on an annual basis at 03/31 year end. You don’t need to necessarily concern yourself with that, but we really trap things in terms of year end to year end 03/31. But when focusing on repatriation that’s effectively our estimate right now is ¥120 billion to ¥150 billion and that is essentially 80% to 100% of our FSA or our annualized FSA earnings estimate for the year. And we will have to see how things play out. What would cause you to go from 80% to 100% is entirely on the overall dynamics of capital development, key ratios that we look at, of course investments and investment risk and performance. It’s all the things you would expect. Again, conditions seem to be moving forward nicely, but we have to be careful. There were some yellow lights flashing if you will on the first quarter with market volatility, energy prices, etcetera. And so we had to pay very careful attention. Things have stabilized a bit, but I don’t think anybody would declare a victory. We can still see periods of market volatility and need to be careful.
Fred Crawford: That would be more the run rate and you have to recall that I think in total, we have done roughly ¥300 billion, from a reserve perspective, reinsurance transactions, over three transactions that has resulted in approximately ¥200 billion in FSA profits. And we have retained about 40% of those proceeds and repatriated the rest, so give or take ¥120 billion. And so when we go out reinsurance, we have a blended approach of retention to support our capital ratios and defend our capital ratios and repatriation where it makes sense to repatriate and deploy. And so over the last few years, supporting our deployable capital measures has certainly been the rolling through reinsurance transactions. If you were to subtract out those benefits and move to more of a true cash flow, it’s typically more essentially the repatriation estimates in any given year plus what I would call free cash flow in the U.S. and/or the movement of excess capital in the U.S. up to the holding company. We will give you a little bit more color around this for sure as part of our comments at the Financial Analyst Briefing in May.
Fred Crawford: At this time no specific plans and certainly nothing in our outlook, if you will. So the guidance we have given relative to EPS and the like, we don’t have any levering up, if you will in our plans. We have some refinancing and pre-funding, if you will. We tend to go out early. And over the course of the end of this year and into the early part of next year, we have in a range of $800 million to maybe as much as $1 billion of refinancing related activity or pre-funding activity. So we do have those in our plans, but we don’t have an outright levering up in our plans. I think it’s true that there is a certain amount of what I would call debt capacity or leverage capacity at the holding company at Aflac. But again, I want you to be careful about any potential market volatility and also want to defend our strong ratings. Part of the reason we have a very low cost of capital, in fact in recent periods, our cost of capital has been drifting actually below 8%, which is tremendous. Part of that reason is we maintain extremely strong ratings and can access the capital markets at very aggressive rates, both yen and U.S. dollar. And so we want to make sure we protect that. Our coverage ratio is essential. In fact actually there is only a two notch separation between our financial strength ratings and our holding company ratings and part of that is because of the very strong interest coverage ratios we have. So we pay attention to that, Ryan. But I would argue yes, we have some level of debt capacity, but no immediate plans to leverage up.
Fred Crawford: Well, I mean some of it is that we have a meaningful un-hedged portion of the dollar program. And so be mindful of that. We run for example, about a $22 billion or so U.S. dollar program in Japan and we tend to maintain a hedge ratio of about 65% of that. So you have an un-hedged portion that’s tossing off dollars to be hedged back into yen. So it’s that dynamic. And Eric I don’t know if you have anything to add.
Fred Crawford: I mean I will give you my financial perspective and then certainly welcome any comments from Paul strategically. But this is a product set in general that even though we can achieve and cover for example, our cost of capital and arguably add economic value, this is not just a lower return of capital relative to third sector, but it can also be a potentially and more volatile return on capital, meaning think of it as the spray of potential return outcomes on the product can be quite a bit wider and less predictable, if you will, less manageable, if you will than third sector. This relates to things like lapse rates, buyer behavior. As you know, the WAYS product for example, converts into several different options of products, so who converts and who converts into what can play into it. So you have a lot of dynamics at play that really, in my mind raise the stakes on the return expectations. In other words, if you were to describe a broader spray of potential returns to me, I would have a higher expectation of returns in general. And that’s not the case given the rate environment. So what I would say is, remember, we are remaining in the game. It’s just at a greatly reduced level. And we are remaining in the game for the very reason you point out, Eric and that is we can certainly re-price and cover our cost of capital in such a way that we remain offering the product and support our distribution partnerships in Japan, which is critical to third sector. It’s just that from a relative use of capital, we will want to grow and support and build third sector all day long and would rather pullback a little bit on first sector, which should by the way over time, now over a long period of time, should by the way bring gradual lift to FSA earnings and cash flow and allow us to repatriate and redeploy capital in other higher returning opportunities.
Fred Crawford: Your math is good. So for example, you take 110 basis points on $13 billion, that’s $143 million pre-tax, for example. Tax affected divide by our 420 million shares outstanding and you are in that $0.22, $0.23 a share. Now, couple of things. If you noticed and remember my comments, I said hey, timing is everything as you move quarter-to-quarter because of the way in which we account for that. We had $44 million pre-tax, $29 million after-tax, $0.07 a share in the first quarter. If you look at a run-rate basis, you are thinking about more in terms of $0.05, maybe a little north of $0.05 of share. And so I made the comment that, hey, I would expect, for the year as we roll the whole year together and look at it, that it’s something in the 110 basis point range, but realizing the first quarter that was ticked up a little bit because of the simple buying pattern. Now one other thing to be careful about, right, is I am holding essentially all else equal. I am holding the size of our portfolio equal. I am holding our hedge strategy effectively equal and I am holding the markets in and around where they are at today. Markets have stabilized a little bit. No one is getting excited or anything, but after a March rise in hedge costs over the last year, there has been a little bit of stabilization as we see markets calm down. But I think we are about what 12 hours away from a Bank of Japan meeting or so, if not short of them to add. And so things can change. We will have to watch it carefully and carefully manage it.
Fred Crawford: Yes. We – it’s very, very assumption-dependent, which is why you tend to see us back away a little bit from giving you precise point estimates. I mean, it has an awful lot to do with the nature of the product, Child Endowment versus WAYS, the nature of the WAYS product and very importantly how that WAYS product plays out. So, that’s my point about the spray of returns. Returns – and remember, in Japan, you have an even lower cost of capital technically in Japan than you do on a consolidated basis for obvious reasons. But these products, based on the runs I have seen and on various interest rate assumptions, they can range from the high single-digits to as much as low 10% plus range, but we can build this out a little bit more for you and talk a bit more at FAB. I want to just caution that it has everything to do with what the verdicts passed are for these products along with sensitivity in interest rates.
Fred Crawford: I don’t have that particular mix handy. As we talk about it, we talk about the difference in benefit ratio and expense ratios between the products as you know. The benefit ratio on first sector products, you will tend to have a much higher benefit ratio and much lower expense ratio than you do on third sector. And so we would need to give you a little bit of commentary around the relative premium between the two so that you could do the math. Kriss, I don’t know if you...
Fred Crawford: It’s going to be glacial in terms of its impact. And I would say that because you are talking about a product that tends to have maybe a little better than a 1% lapse rate, particularly first sector products like WAYS, Child Endowment, etcetera. So over time, as you throttle back on the new sales, you would expect to see it become less and less of the percentage of your earnings simply because we would fully anticipate to continue to grow our third sector business at a more significant compounded annual growth rate. So that will happen, but in terms of say near-term modeling-related issues over the next few years and so forth, you are not talking about a material impact or swing in that dynamic.
Fred Crawford: Yes. What you – it’s a decent question, because it goes to book value. It also goes to ROE implications in terms of the way we report it even a little bit related to leverage in terms of how you define shareholders’ equity. But just note that in the way in which we calculate it, while we removed unrealized gains and losses on funds from traditional pricing issues or traditionally what most insurance companies do, in our calculation remains an unrealized gain and loss on foreign exchange, on FX. And what you saw here with the strengthening of the yen is that line item in our shareholders’ equity, which has in recent years been a large negative number, has become less of a negative number, with yen strengthening, i.e., adding to shareholders’ equity. And so it has served to, both year-over-year and on a sequential basis in particular even if you just look at fourth quarter to the first quarter actually kick up your shareholders’ equity and therefore pops up your book value per share a little bit more than usual. Obviously, we bought back a good amount of stock as well. But then also, it weighs down mechanically, if you will, on the ROE reported sequentially and year-over-year, but also can also play into your leverage calculation as well. So, as we go forward and as investors pay more attention to that book value, book value growth, ROE and the like, we will want to take some more time in understanding the mechanics of the calculation and make sure you understand what’s being done to move ROE forward. Obviously, coming off the earnings in the first quarter, our buyback of stock, we certainly pushed ROE forward, but you do have some FX-related denominator impacts in those ROE calculations.
Paul Amos: Sure. Nigel, first and foremost, I want to go back and revisit the fourth quarter outlook call for this year when we basically differentiated between first sector savings products and first sector products that are level premium products. And so I am going to differentiate a little bit here, because we are obviously making significantly higher profit margins on the level premium than we are with savings products. So, to get into the specific measures that we are taking, we are suspending sales of our lump-sum WAYS product, while we are restricting sales on our level premium WAYS product. We are also going to move up the re-pricing of our WAYS product into this year. Additionally, for all of first sector, we are going to re-price our products effective April 2017 and so we believe that, that would put the portfolio back in a much better place. In terms of channel and distribution partners, because as Fred said, this is a critical component to the decision of lot of stake in the market. From a bank channel perspective, effective May 2, we have suspended all WAYS and lump sum Child Endowment from a nonexclusive agency perspective, which are some of the largest growing agencies throughout Japan. April 1, we have put in caps for WAYS and Child Endowment. And finally for the traditional agencies, we are lowering commission. Now again, as what I have said in the past, when we have these exclusive agencies who sign a contract to basically offer only Aflac products, they do so with the belief that we are going to provide them not only third sector products, but also first sector products. And as a result, we make sure that we offer those products and that prevents us from discontinuing them altogether. Now that said, I know you want us focused on third sector. And as Dan mentioned in his opening remarks, we are heavily focused on the two new products given they are smaller products that we have just put out our cancer for cancer survivors and our revised nonstandard medical. And even though it was only the last couple of weeks of the quarter that those were out, we are very happy with how those were starting. Finally, we are going to be launching a new product this summer and we can’t go into all the details yet. Hopefully, by FAB, we will be able to cover some of the details about that new third sector product line that we have never been in before, but we are refocusing the attention of our distribution partners on third sectors to the extent we can. We did anticipate this spike in first sector as a result of these discontinuances and sales restrictions that we are putting in place. And we believe the second half of the year, we will be having some substantial reduction in first sector because of the changes that we are making and we have accounted for all of this.
Paul Amos: This is Paul. It is factoring into our third sector thought process. The reality is, first quarter third sector sales were better than we anticipated. But the additional reduction that we are taking and the measures we are taking to pull back on first sector are accounting for Dan’s continued comment that we expect to be within the range in terms of third sector sales. So I am very positive about the first quarter, but I recognize these additional measures may have an impact in the latter part of the year. Therefore, we want to reverberate our range of sales as what it was in the December outlook call.
Paul Amos: Well, let me start by saying historically if you went all the way back to deregulation in 2001, which Dan can comment on, everyone has always said they are going to come after our business and our profit margins. And this has been happening for 1.5 decades. In reality, we have been able to fend those off and continue to grow our business. And I think there is no better evidence of that than the sales we saw from our cancer plan, which many people thought could be a saturated market, but in reality, we see it as a growth market as it continues. We think that our resurgence up above 70% market share at one point as we launched the product and now staying above 50% is very positive for us. In terms of medical, there is no doubt that the markets – there are a high volume of competitors that it is a highly competitive situation and that we continue to focus on making better and better product. I think the factor that we have to place on this is quicker product launches. We are more likely going to see a more periodic launch of a new product with new benefits based on healthcare changes as well as competition in the marketplace, but we have not seen substantially lower margins put on by other companies. And so we feel like we can still, with the brand that we have, with the products that we have put in place and the distribution outlets that we have that are pretty much comprehensive as compared to most of our competitors who will focus on one or two distribution channels, we feel like we are in the right places to grow this business. Additionally, I mentioned that we are going to launch a new third sector product and category later this year. And we believe that’s one more benefit to our overall third sector portfolio. I will let Dan make some comments.
Dan Amos: But Eric, you have been around a long time as I have and the fundamental things of what’s built our business, is right in third sector. The life insurance was always a door opener to help put our agents in a position when they went to the table to meet with people and go over things, if they wanted life insurance, it was there, but we still want our focus on third sector and that’s really the driver.
Dan Amos: Well, the only thing I would say is in all the years with Japan, certainly now is not the time I have been the most worried about competition. I was much more worried in 2001 and other times probably, but it’s never going to be one person or one company that comes after us. It’s just a lot of little ones. And again, I think most of them spike and then it goes back down. And so I believe, because it is our major product and that’s what we do all of our concentration on that we have got a distinct advantage. And although these life insurers that talk about getting into third sector, if that’s all they have got to look forward to, they are in big trouble. So, they have got to solve their life insurance issues one way or another and have got to find other ways. We can – they could get in third sector for a little bit, but it’s not going to solve their problems. And so I feel pretty comfortable with the way we are doing it. And at the same time, I don’t want to be cocky because anything can happen. But I think we are better prepared with new products, new ideas and continue to pretend like we are number two instead of number one, where we are always fighting to stay on top and that’s going to be our mode as it has been in the past.
Dan Amos: I think our overall sales is a result of such a strong year last year. Double-digit – above the double-digit growth makes this year much harder for us. So, it’s that more than anything else.
