Masatoshi Koide: Hi. [Foreign Language] This is Koide from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] The new cancer product that we have relaunched has added a new coverage, not only just focusing on the treatment itself, but there are benefits that we have added such as appearance care or palliative care, and these are the things that we try to align with in changing of the diversification of the treatment as well as environmental changes. So we are offering extensive coverage through this product. [Foreign Language] And this also product caters to the needs of a broad range of customers in different ages. [Foreign Language] And not only that, we are offering new plans for brand new customers, but we are also offering a special product or special benefit for existing customers. [Foreign Language] And also, those customers who were not able to take out cancer insurance due to their concerns relating to their health, we now have a rate specifically for those customers so that these customers are able to take out our cancer insurance under a nonstandard rate. [Foreign Language] And we have started to sell this product with these sales points and appealing points with targeted customers, and our sales have been as expected. [Foreign Language] That's all from me.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again. The new cancer product is offered through all our channels, including Dai-ichi Life and Japan Post. And that's it for me.
Masatoshi Koide: And as I mentioned, the new product that we've launched in April is already being sold through all our channels.
Masatoshi Koide: [foreign language] Again, this is Koide from Japan. [foreign language] We had a tough first quarter this year in 2018 because we had a very large sales last year in the first quarter in 2017, because we launched a new medical product. [foreign language] And then in the first quarter 2016, we launched a sub-standard medical product. [foreign language] And so even comparing against the first quarter 2016, we had a tough comparison in the first quarter 2018. [foreign language] That's it for me.
Frederick John Crawford: There's not a shift in our strategy as it relates to what we provided in the way of our outlook call. There will be timing issues related to the development of both the U.S. dollar portfolio and the hedge ratio as we go through the year, but we're still targeting overall a 40% hedge ratio on an increasing U.S. dollar portfolio. I think our projection is to have the U.S. dollar portfolio build to roughly the level of $25 billion to $26 billion, perhaps right in that range. So you're seeing our notional level of hedges right now, for example, at not quite $10 billion, I think, roughly a little better than $9.5 billion. And that will build up to more the $10.5 billion range, so that's why you're seeing our hedge costs are slightly lower than the run rate expectation, which is similar to last year's hedge cost range of roughly $240 million to $250 million-type range. So the build in the U.S. dollar portfolio is really what I mentioned in my comments, and that is, we accelerated – we were able to opportunistically accelerate investment in particularly floating rate assets, and even more specifically transitional real estate. This was somewhat related to the announcement related to NXT where we purchased an outright portfolio to accelerate the build. But more pronounced than that was simply seeing a lot of good opportunities come our way to invest more proactively. So we jumped out of the gate with a little higher investment in floating rate, which is a U.S. dollar initiative, and so the build in U.S. dollar. And you'll see the hedge ratio catch up a little bit as we go through the year.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. We jumped out a little early to build the U.S. dollar portfolio because of the opportunity, but we would expect to stay in that range.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. I will definitely look to dimension this and provide greater detail as we move towards September. And that's really consistent with a lot of the work streams we have going on, Tom. But at a high level, I'd characterize the approach as follows. We have purposely built up a fairly good amount of excess capital in the system. And that's because we're going through a year of transformation in terms of the conversion of the Japan branch to a subsidiary. And so they really fall into three categories. Category one you know a lot about, and that is the drawdown of excess capital, and actually the geographic movement of excess capital out of our U.S. platform. That's well underway. We started into that last year materially, and we continue through this year and next year. And that's the drawdown of RBC. Now a question I often get is, can we bring that down below our targeted 500%? And I think that's possible to do. But I think it's very sound for us to first settle into our structure, start producing statutory statements on a U.S.-only basis, make sure we have a handle on full assessment around not only our performance on a U.S.-only statutory basis, but also we've got to watch the moving target of the NAIC and how they're playing around with both tax reform and C1 charges. I don't expect that to be disruptive to our plan. In fact, I think we may find as much opportunity as we do anything else, once all that settles in, just by nature of our business model. But the question becomes, can I bring or further optimize U.S.? Second big area is SMR in Japan. We've done a lot of work to calm down the potential volatility of SMR in Japan, and we've also done some work over optimizing the trade-off of hedge costs and hedge ratio, and absorbing a certain amount of capital and increased volatility. And as we've dialed that in, we're starting to look more carefully at the quality of our increasing FSA earnings or the capital generation, which has been increasing in recent years, and we expect that to continue; and then how we dial in a more normalized SMR ratio, given the risk profile of our business. This is by the way a much easier conversation to have with both a regulator and a rating agency when you're a subsidiary status and not a branch status. And so we're going to come off of this conversion and really sit down and go through those mechanics. And then last but not least is the holding company. As I mentioned, we're carrying a bit north of $2 billion at the holding company, but have sort of a standby level of capital of $1.5 billion, both contingent capital and liquidity. The issue is if we're carrying upwards of $500-plus million of additional available capital at the holding company, how best do we utilize that? How do we best put that to work for our shareholders, and how confident are we that we can put it to work and not run any risk. So those are the three big categories of where we're holding capital. And as we've said all along, the key element to opening up the door for this was completing the conversion of the Japan branch to subsidiary. That now opens us up to be much more efficient in optimizing our game plan.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. It's very important to understand what that 130 points is. That is a, I used the terminology, that is an accounting-driven reduction in our SMR. And what I mean by that, you'd have to reflect back on some of the early days of our announcing the conversion. When we convert from branch to subsidiary, we effectively transfer retained earnings into other capital accounts. And that is just an accounting, an FSA accounting dynamic. And when you do that, you lose the tax gross-up impact to SMR from moving out of retained earnings. As we go forward, our intent is to pay dividends out of those capital accounts. Therefore, as we earn money or bring retained earnings to the table, we build more quickly back up that retained earnings to the levels prior to conversion, and with that comes the tax gross-up benefits. So that's what I mean by the restoration of just that accounting drag. And it's important just to note that that was not some sort of economic loss of capital. It's simply an accounting issue, and we have plans in place to restore it.
Frederick John Crawford: It depends on the nature of it. If there's just an existing client that simply enhances their current cancer product, it ends up just being incremental AP and the associated earned premium. If there's a situation where there has been essentially a replacement of the policy, in other words, a lapsation of the policy and replacing it with a brand new whole policy – sometimes characterized as a conditional surrender – then that gets counted as a new sale. But it really depends on the situation. And I believe we've designed the product, the new cancer product, to encourage more of that upgrading of your existing policy, because that, ultimately, we think plays better over long-term economic value.
Frederick John Crawford: Well, what I would say is in my closing remarks, I noted that we're off to a strong start relative to our currency-neutral EPS range. And we're also off to, obviously, a very strong start to pre-tax margins, both in Japan and in the U.S. Our guidance for example for Japan, pre-tax margins, is 19% to 21%, and we're right just a tick above 21%, the high end. And of course in the U.S., we're actually traveling above our pre-tax margin guidance of 18% to 20%, coming in at 21%. When you look at Japan, what I would expect is that the expense ratio will start to catch up more to the midpoint of our estimate, more in that 20% range, as we go through the year. As I mentioned, we have a little bit of a delay, if you will, in some of the spend because of the promotional spend being more aligned with our cancer product launch. Benefit ratios came in at the strong end of the range at 70.3% in Japan. And there is some mix dynamic in that, first sector and third sector, but we continue to see strong trends and results, particularly in the cancer block of business in Japan, and that seems to be contributing to pushing us to the low end of the range. And could that continue? Yes, it could continue, of course. But benefit ratios can be volatile. And it's early in the year. On the U.S. side, obviously we're seeing a tick up in the expense ratio, which you would expect because we're proactively investing in the platform. You noted I mentioned incremental investment in the U.S., which will push us up towards the 35.5% to 36% range as we go through the rest of the year, so the upper end of that expense ratio range, but we continue to enjoy extremely strong benefit ratios. There is some volatility that does come into play in any particular quarter in the benefit ratio. But still underpinning that ratio, in terms of being at the low end of the range, for example, is good solid trends in that performance. We did see a little bit of volatility in our cancer block in the U.S. We had lapsation among older age cancer policies where you would have a disproportionate release of reserves. We estimate that that may have contributed something in the neighborhood of 50 basis points or so to the positive results. It's very – from our standpoint, we would not naturally expect that type of dynamic to persist as we go through the year, but that certainly helped out the quarter. But still, even after adjusting for that, it's a very, very strong start. So it's too early in the year for us to be adjusting a guidance across the board, that wouldn't be prudent. But as I said, we're off to a strong start on margins and EPS.
Frederick John Crawford: We have Eric on the phone from New York to talk about that. But that is where the growth in the U.S. portfolio is coming from, on the floating rate side, and then even though you are then exposed to any sort of new hedge instruments, it will tend to be aligned with higher yields as LIBOR rates rise. And you might note that we're 80% – we've talked about being 80% locked in in our hedge costs for 2018. The 20% that remains exposed has a lot to do with the build of the floating rate, and the natural roll of floating rate instruments. So yeah, you experience higher hedge costs when you do that, but it's offset, we believe, by higher LIBOR yields, and we're actually seeing that. Eric, I might invite you into the conversation. The other thing I would say is, earlier on in the Q&A, Humphrey Lee asked some questions surrounding our U.S. dollar portfolio size and hedge ratio. And Eric, I would just invite you that if you want to comment on this, and then any comments on that portfolio, please feel free to do.
Frederick John Crawford: It's not going to work that elegantly. And what I mean by that is, when we talk about our U.S. platform, realize that you're talking about not just U.S. the segment in insurance, but also corporate-related activities, such as our efforts to build out our venture investments and digital initiatives. Much of that investment actually takes place at the Corporate and Other, at the holding company level, and not necessarily down in the insurance company. And so you have to sort of be mindful of that. It's really about jump-starting and driving and accelerating growth in the U.S. overall. What I would say in terms of characterizing the spend, though, is a couple things. One is, a lot of what we're talking about here is an acceleration of investment, and not just some sort of new run-rate level of spend. Tax reform gives us an opportunity to deploy cash flow in a way to accelerate our efforts, which we think is beneficial. And some of the areas of that $0.03 a share that I mentioned, for example, include things like training and development, which – training and development I know doesn't necessarily give you specifics, but one of the orientation around this is really helping a workforce essentially get, embrace change management and move towards a more automated environment, which is very, very critical in the workforce today. As we look to do automation, we need a workforce that really is able to fold into that new automation. We're also spending money to jump-start the productivity of our organic distribution model in the U.S., while at the same time investing in technology that we think will develop expanded distribution opportunity, and so we've pinpointed some of those investments and accelerated it into the current period. And then Teresa's talked about technology roadmap. We've got a long-term roadmap of improving and building out our technology, or modernizing our technology. And we've gone into that roadmap and specifically plucked out areas of it that drive growth to accelerate that spend. So the screen we've put on the $250 million is a real simple screen. Dan and I have talked about this, and we have one major gating issue, and that is, we want all of that spend to be hardwired towards growth. That's the reason we're accelerating the spend, and that involves all categories of investing in our people, investing in distribution, investing in technology, but it better be hardwired to a growth initiative in order to green-light the spend. So that's the way I would characterize the investment.
Frederick John Crawford: Cancer business in general, in fact all of our business in Japan, has very high persistency. And so that tends to be fairly consistent. Realize, by the way, that cancer in Japan is age-banded, so it's not just sort of automatically the case that if you have an old cancer product, you just upgrade, because of course you are presumably much older and you're going to be priced differently. And so it's got to take a very unique dynamic for that to be somehow attractive to you as a consumer, and have the right value proposition. Really what we're seeing in cancer, quite candidly, is a continuation of what we've been seeing for a while, and that is a lot more outpatient treatment, which means a lot less days in the hospital. So outpatient trends. We're seeing continued advancements in cancer treatment really play two roles. One is, it requires us to upgrade our cancer product periodically, so as mentioned earlier, some of the major reasons you upgrade a cancer product every three to four years is because of the technology and treatment advancements and now being able to cover those treatments for the consumer. But those same advancements in early detection and treatment are also working to calm down the claims pace activity, particularly on older blocks. So we're just simply seeing a continuation of what we've been experiencing, and it's obviously helping out our results.
Teresa L. White: Jimmy, this is Teresa and I think "no" is the answer. We have not seen any impact at this point. Our sales for the first quarter met – they were in line with our expectations, so again, as Dan said, our full year remains the same, the full year plan.
Teresa L. White: So this is Teresa. I'll just start out by saying in 2017 we had increases in short-term disability sales, specifically because of an enhancement that we made to that product, that individual product. So you're seeing the benefit of that in 2017. But then what you're seeing in 2018 first quarter is you're seeing a stronger broker sale, which really is muting some of the sales that you're seeing on short-term disability. So we don't see any major concerns with short-term disability, but I'll switch it over to Rich, who might have additional comments that he might want to make.
Teresa L. White: I'll say this. One Day Pay, do I have something that quantifies that? It's more anecdotal, in that what we're hearing from our sales force, what we hear from surveys, from our consumers, our policy holders, is that One Day Pay is a differentiator for Aflac. So I don't have any quantitative, except for research that we've done that has been third-party research.
Richard L. Williams Jr.: Yeah. And, Teresa, first of all, I agree, and you mentioned 2017 compared to 2018. I would also note that as our broker sales continue to increase, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we're seeing significant acceleration in group product sales. So it's a little bit of just the broker firm (47:58) sales driving more group product sales, having a little bit of effect, but the absolute dollar amount of individual STD sales, very much in line with prior periods.
Richard L. Williams Jr.: And we don't really see any material differences in what I would call the profit patterns and behavior of a One Day Pay scenario and any non-qualified One Day Pay claims process. So we're not seeing anything relevant to those margins. It's really what Teresa is saying. It's about penetration and customer experience.
Richard L. Williams Jr.: Thank you, Teresa. I think the answer is pretty much consistent. First of all, each of those four areas that you mentioned, we continue to see favorable progress and we're executing there. And, as Dan mentioned early on, our results for the first quarter were in line with expectations, and we plan to see continued acceleration throughout the rest of the year.
