Daniel Amos: We have an outlet, Teresa and Virgil comment on this, but we have had for a while a number of strategies under a way to help over the long run persistency, not the least of which has been our expanding product portfolio. As you know, we believe Dental and Vision for example will over time contribute to better persistency just by the very nature of the product and how that works. However, we think that much of the persistency issue that we're seeing right now is a combination of number one, the fall off -- the final fall off of state regulations that were requiring policies to remain in place. But on a larger scale, we think this labor force in motion is contributing to a lot of the lapse rates, and we would expect or anticipate that to eventually calm down. In the meantime, we remain focused on activities that drive better persistency. But we think right now, there's certain market conditions influencing it. Virgil, Teresa, if you have any comments.
Daniel Amos: But let me make one comment. This is Dan. And what I think you're seeing evolve here with sales in the U.S. and in Japan, is that we've got one more quarter the second quarter of things adjusting. But I see things moving back to a new normal. What that normal is I'm not exactly sure. But I don't think it's going to be that different from the way we've been rolling in the past. And I think you'll see that in the second half of the year. And I have not been to Japan in quite a while and I can't wait to get back. But I have been talking all of us have with Japan constantly. And I don't think you can underestimate the impact of those cost of moves that they had in terms of restrictions. And but they are over right now. And assuming that we don't see it come back in any great degree, I think you're going to see the second half, and the second quarter start to improve. But the second half really be more like the past in terms of our selling ability. Because as they mentioned, people coming into the offices was down 22% some other things. And those are just reflections. And they affect everything, they affect recruiting, they affects new sales, they affect every aspect.
Daniel Amos: Hey, let's come back to the swap, because we pulled up some of the numbers. And so we can answer that question more directly. So Eric, why don't you kind of give us a little bit an idea.
Daniel Amos: But I want to make a comment is, I've always said I like evolution, not revolution. And for you that have been following our stock for 10 years or more, I just want to tell you, what a sophisticated model we have today and how it's evolved, not only from Eric and Brad and the team and what they've done, but also our board and specifically, Tom is Chairman of what they've done from an investment standpoint. It is very gratifying to hear as we get into such volatility and change in the last year or so, even in the last three months with the Yen. And yet we have prepared for and to hear these answers, I just want all of you to know what hard work and dedication they've done through Fred and Max. And what's gone on. So, Max, I think you were going to make a comment.
Daniel Amos: Well, I'm going to let Virgil but let me just say, just take our company, for example. Today, we really have our first officer meeting, after for lunch today. And we've got about 150 people coming and that is normally, that includes our Directors, and our Directors. And that's about a little lower than what we normally have that pre-pandemic, maybe we would have had up to 200. So it gives you an idea of how things are getting back to normal. They're not quite there. But as I said, I look forward to happen in the second half, I look for everything to kind of move back, but it will be a new normal. I mean, there will be a certain amount of people that will work from home. But things are moving back. So let me let Virgil because I'm real pleased of what Teresa and Virgil had done in terms of having an impact on sales. And I've been very pleased with persistency until this issue that just came up in the first quarter. And I know they'll address it and fix that problem too as we go forward. So go ahead, Virgil, you can start and if Teresa wants to make comments, she can do whatever she wants. She's the boss.
Daniel Amos: Yes, so I'll say that the first quarter is certainly higher than we anticipated, I think and more higher than most anticipated for us. So we're very pleased with that, we certainly will see the same seasonality definitely in the third and fourth quarters, where you'll see the majority of our production. Again, we're looking to maintain this consistency in the second quarter. But I will tell you that the momentum, and in a lot of has to do with two the contributing factors we mentioned earlier that have come from our buy-to-build, with our premier life and absence products and disability, those products really is the selling season right now early in the year. And those sales will come through in Q4, so the growth and the seasonality of the highest impact, you'll see is definitely going to be in Q4. We'll look to maintain this consistent momentum from Q1 going into Q2. But again, I expect more on the third and fourth quarters.
Daniel Amos: Yes, Alex, I think that the way you sort of described it is a reasonable description of how our long-term hedging model actually works. Capital in Japan obviously is stronger with a weakening Yen and you know SMR sensitivities, you can go back to our fab disclosures, and we give those sensitivities there. So you can sort of calculate what the impact is on the capital position in Japan. And also, if you travel over to the holding company in this quarter alone because we issue debt denominated in Yen, you saw our leverage dropped 60 basis points simply because of FX move in the first quarter. So that ultimately leads to a somewhat higher debt capacity over time, and then you should also expect that over time as the $5 billion of forwards as they settle, they convert into cash. At the end of the first quarter, we had $3.6 billion of unencumbered cash at the holding company. And I use the term unencumbered, and that's actually quite important in this context, because it excludes any collateral receipt that we have. And obviously, that will add to that pile of cash, if the FX rate continues to be at this current level, we have forwards that the settlements will spread out, there's no specific sort of tower as generally settle, we got some forward settle every month. So over time, this hedging program will then convert into cash. So short-term, you're going to see our EPS obviously get hit by it from the translation impact. But over time, it leads to deployment opportunities, by lower leverage, FX words converted into cash. And then also long-term, you have a higher capital position in Japan, associated with the dollar portfolio that we have in Japan that strengthens the SMR in a scenario, weakening Yen, all these sort of balances out to some extent over the long-term. As it relates to deployment of additional capital, it follows the same criteria that we have for all deployments of capital that we deploy, where we see a good risk return based on an IRR basis.
Daniel Amos: Yes, so first of all the derivatives housed at the corporate level, the mark to marketing pack does not run through the GAAP EPS number, but the amortize hedge income does. And that's a fairly stable number. So if you look at the results for corporate this quarter, we're running a little bit high on expenses in the quarter, and a little bit low on NII in the quarter, the NII was somewhat depressed by our tax credit investments, that run as a negative -- that run as a negative through the NII line. But then obviously, you have a favorable offsetting impact on the tax credit line. As discussed earlier, we do have most of the assets at the holding company are floating rate in nature. So obviously, that means that as the short-end of the yield curve now has increased and come up, you're going to see a little bit of a pickup in NII over time. So if you look at the results of this quarter, there's some puts and takes and a lot of moving parts, but generally, I think it's a decent run rate for the current.
Daniel Amos: And Tom, just to give you some more color on it, if you take the incurred impact from COVID in the quarter on our normalized benefit ratio was a little bit north of 100 basis points. So if you take that and you isolate that component, that will take your normalized benefit ratio in the first quarter smack in the middle of our range of 67% to 69%.
Daniel Amos: And one thing I would add and Virgil can add color to it, but one column that you may be looking at in the recruiting is the recruited agents through brokers. And remember to some of our comments at year-end in this past quarter, we're focusing on driving sales now through small business brokers as well, which has not been historically a focused effort of our company. And as a result, you saw the recruiting level of broker agents go up dramatically in 2021, averaging over upwards of 1,200 to 1,500. Now, what does that mean, when you recruit a small business broker, what it means is you've appointed them, and they've appointed you to be eligible to sell product through that broker, it doesn't mean you're selling product through that broker. And so one of the things that Virgil is talking about when he uses the term conversion is that we're now working on those large amount of brokers that were signed up and appointed last year, we're now focusing on converting them into actually generating sales through their brokerage platform. So that's a big piece, and there's a lot of runway yet to go on that.
Daniel Amos: Well, we can't go into any detail regarding Japan Post. They've always been, you know since inception of Japan Post, they have asked us to never go into detail or go into detail. Basically they stopped last year, and they have regained a position but it's still very low. And all I can tell you is they have committed to us that they are dedicated to seeing a return to stronger production. And I'm expecting that that as you all know there are large shareholders, I feel like that's important. And the message that I've been saying is, those two tasks gather with them and so we'll have to wait and see. But I'm encouraged about the production, but I can't if this give you any more detail other than to say, we have a wonderful relationship. They know what we want, they want to help us. It's just the timing and how to do it. But there's no problem that I can tell you, other than just getting it started again. There's absolutely nothing. They're happy with us. We're happy with them and but we want to see the production now.
Frederick Crawford: I think we'll let Koide san and Yoshizumi san answer that question. But you have in fact identified some of the issues. Number one realize the first quarter last year medical was during a fresh launch period. And we normally see medical sales calm down really sales of all products calm down after that initial launch period. However, there's no question that COVID conditions are really impacting across the board results. Cancer held up better for the simple reason that we're seeing some increased momentum slowly within the Japan Post System and that offset things. But generally speaking, you have it right. And then I'll Koide san and Yoshizumi san talk about the types of things we're looking at in the second half of the year to improve sales results and addition to our cancer launch.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think let's have Japan maybe comment on it. But what I would tell you Suneet is in general, your comments, I think hold up a bit and I think it is in fact largely due to the competitive environment. One of the things that I would tell you just as an observation is in 2016, when the Bank of Japan went to their negative interest rate environment. We saw a slow and steady migration of shift towards third sector not a first sector not surprisingly. But for a period of time you had firms that were moving into currency product, and then all of a sudden rate movements and other reserving dynamics rendered currency product to be less attractive and so that started to back off. And now you have companies, including domestic companies that have subsidiaries that often specialize in third sector of business. Even by the way, property casualty insurance companies that have life and health related subsidiaries are getting into the action as a way to drive more business. Competition and intense competition is not new that's been around and we've navigated that for years and years. But there's no question that has become more intensified, which means your product cycle product refreshment, and the nimble nature of how you go at product has to speed up and be quicker. So yes, the life expectancy of a new product is shorter, but that simply means that you have to be quicker to revise and refresh products, then maybe the old two year cycles for medical and four year cycles for cancer. That's my perspective based on talking with our Japan colleagues. But I'll let Koide san or Yoshizumi san to comment. 
Frederick Crawford: Yes, and we have Eric and Brad Dyslin here that can provide color, but just a couple of points to be to be very clear on. Remember, what we're doing effectively is locking in the forward curve, not current rates. In other words, we're locking in the expectation in the marketplace for aggressive fed action. And so that's the very nature of the swaps. So we're not losing out, if you will on that aggressive forward, what we're doing is we're protecting against the risk of that reversing or calming down or not meeting the expectations that are embedded in the forward curve. Also note that we've got about $10 billion of floating rate, floaters if you will, in our general account, and another $2 billion at the holding company. And so we still remain relatively exposed if you want to define it that way to taking advantage of a rate environment that exceeds the forward curve expectation. So we haven't taken it all off the table. But I'll get either Eric or Brad to comment.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think we would have to kind of give some thought to that. The pickup this year, is relatively modest. It's not insignificant. But remember, all we're really doing is locking in the pickup that's there anyway, if you will. We're trying to. So I think let us give some thought to that. I don't have the numbers right in front of me, because we've looked at it more on a present value over the life of the swap what it has done, but it's not in material to net investment income.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, thank you very much for the question. First talking about this year, as you'll recollect for a number of years. Now, our strategy has been at the beginning of the year to lock in our hedge costs. For the majority of the buck, there are moving parts. So that was very good for us this year, because our hedge costs were locked in on the forwards at about 89 basis points. And on the FX options we do at around 44 basis points. And altogether, I think about $110 million so estimated hedge costs for this year. Obviously, hedge costs are higher with short-term rates going up significantly. So just to give you a flavor of the differential and this really wouldn't impact us till 2023. Forward costs today for 12 months forwards around 256 basis points versus what we're paying this year of 89. So a significant increase and we expect that from what's happening with interest rates. And similarly, options would probably cost us around two times more than what we paid, given increased FX volatility and overall levels at the end. So when we get to next year, if rates stay where they are, hedge costs would be significantly up probably by about 125% or so on the book. Now having said that, our book does change over time. So I can assure you the balances in all of our asset classes or even when we revisit our hedge ratio, that may change as well. But that's just looking at it as a static book. The other thing to remind you of though, as well, on our forward book, which is much reduced than what it was, those forwards are applied against our floating rate assets. So those floating rate assets as we just discussed with question, their income is going up substantially. So the income, while not 100% correlation will go up pretty close to the amount of the hedge costs going up. So the net should stay pretty even with the one variable being the level of spreads on the assets and those spreads have generally been going up. So on a net basis, at least on the forward book, it should be pretty neutral, but the actual line item of hedge costs would definitely go up.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, let me actually give you some perspective, if you don't mind, just over the last few quarters on incurred claims related to COVID. Because it'll really illustrate what's going on with this most recent Omicron. If you go back to the first quarter of last year, our incurred claims were around ¥800 million in the second quarter and picked up to about ¥1.3 billion, obviously, very small numbers. In the third quarter, it picked up to ¥2.3 billion, and that was actually the Delta peak. That was right when that Delta peak took place, and we had claims coming in, then they dropped down in the fourth quarter to about ¥100 million, so almost non-existent. And then in the first quarter, ¥8.3 billion. And so what I think if you're living and working in the U.S., and if you're following largely U.S. companies and economy, I think many don't realize just what a peak of Omicron we saw here in Japan, you're talking about case levels, that were running at around 100,000 a week, two, three times at least, the level of peak that what you saw during the Delta. Now fortunately, it's a very mild version of Omicron. And fortunately, vaccination rates, particularly among the elderly, in Japan, are very high. And so as a result, you haven't really seen hospitalization, nor have you seen deaths pick up in Japan. But don't think for a moment that that's because things calmed down, it's quite the opposite. This is the most severe peak of infection rates, particularly in that February time period that Japan has seen throughout the entirety of the COVID environment. As a result, that's why you're seeing some of the face-to-face dynamics. And what Dan mentioned about on again, off again, states of emergency going on. Now, the reason I pointed out the nature of our claims was that this deemed hospitalization issue, essentially the life insurance industry at Japan got together and agreed with the government, the COVID-19 and versions, variants of COVID-19 as an infectious disease. And when you do that, you're allowed to cover if you will, you're allowed as a doctor to diagnose and allow for at home treatment, and cover the claims related to at home. The reason for that is Japan does not want infectious disease to cause hospital capacity issues. And so they allow more degrees of freedom as to where that care takes place. So we're seeing claims go up not because of the severity, but because of the sheer volume or frequency of cases and at home treatment, we would expect that to calm down over time, because we've seen cases calm down, but there's a lagging effect. Right now in April, in May, for example, we're seeing claims coming in that are likely related to two, three months ago, related peak levels. So we think that's probably going to continue, I would say into the second quarter, it's early, we don't really know at the end of the day, what it may mean for the benefit ratio in the second quarter. But we should see COVID claims continue. But then calm down as the year goes on. And again, remember, while this is all going on, and you have lower activity levels, lower face-to-face, you're seeing other types of medical claims not come in. And so you don't necessarily see your benefit ratio moving the wrong direction. It's just the mix of claims have shifted during this period of time. So it's quite interesting. And we've been busting down this data and looking at it very carefully. But you should expect claims and COVID to continue, I would say into the second quarter given the lagging effect, but not necessarily be dramatic upward pressure on benefit ratio, I would not anticipate that.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, thanks, Fred. And that's an excellent start, I would just dive a little deeper to have you understand. When we do our planning, if you will, which is of course, the current year. Plus, we look out over five years. For the floating rate buck, we typically use forward curves. The last set of financial plans we did, were back in November, which Max then uses as part of the overall franchise's EPS, if you will. But the forward curves, as you know, because of the fed change and policy has substantially increased. So if you just look at a projecting based on the flow occurs, where the floating rate income will be over the next five years, significantly higher than what our plan was. Having said that we all know forward curves are never realized. So we have an opportunity to basically say, we don't really know what's going to happen in years, two, three, four, and five, but what we do know is, if the forward curves became true, there's a significant amount of pickup in income. What we've chosen to do is take about 70% of that book, and do a fixed or floating rate swaps, such that we've locked in a good portion of that upside, if the forward curves end up coming down. An example of that would be and many people are talking about recession, in the U.S. next year. Those forward curves will likely never be realized in years three, four, and five, because the fed will then change policy. If rates continue to go up, because the fed is even more aggressive. Fortunately, we've got a good portion of the book about a third that's not covered by the swap. So we'll still enjoy some upside, as well. And then of course over the next few years, we continue to invest potentially in more floating rate assets. So we've got good exposure to rising rates as well.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, and I would further say there is a pickup in income from our floating rate book this year. But when we talk about the forward curves, as an example, LIBOR started the year at 10 or 17 basis points one and three month LIBOR. It's currently three months LIBOR is like 120. So we get a pickup this year. Now, the forward curves and we went out, if you look at the forward curves for years three, four and five LIBOR is projected to be 2.5% that debt the fed goes through with all these aggressive rate hikes. So there is a positive tailwind to our income from the floating rate book this year, but we'd have to come back to size it.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, our current projection for the year, and this assumes the forward curve. So this year, materializes about an extra $39 million of income from our floating rate bucks versus our plan.
Virgil Miller: Okay, thank you, Teresa. So 6% to 7% in between 6% and 7% for Q1. Remember, there's seasonality on our numbers. So when you've talking about 10%, our numbers grow, especially during the fourth quarter, which give us a high annual average. So we're anticipating this year that when you combine all the buy-to-build, we'll end up between 10% and 50% again this year. Again, first quarter though solid growth with the 6% to 7% it was more than we had anticipated. So we're starting to gain traction out in the market with those products now.
Virgil Miller: Thank you so much, Dan. Yes, so do a few anecdotal comments. I'm going to support it with some numbers. So one of our key focuses was to return to normal by driving out culture. So as Dan mentioned, we got back last year to a lot of normal things we do. That includes like having sales meetings, we gather our top producing sales agents, our veterans out there to make sure that they were informed along strategies and kept that momentum going. They were very, very pleased to bring everybody back together, as well as our brokers, working with our broker sales professional teams, which is when our company is out in the market and bringing in those broker partners, we still had our events where we sat around and taught stress to them, make sure we're collecting their feedback and make sure we've got the right model to support the service levels they need going forward. Having said that, you also mentioned about how things have changed about face-to-face, and being able to support virtually. So I will tell you this, that we're able to provide the level of service. However, whether it's face-to-face, whether it's virtual, whether it is self-enrollment, I'll share a couple of numbers with you to support that, one back looking at pre-COVID 2019, 95% of our sales were face-to-face. As you saw the height of the pandemic in 2020, our face-to-face sales were at 80%, the rest of them were doing virtual enrollment, a hybrid type model, or self-service. And now as I look at Q1, 85% of our sales are back to being face-to-face. So to sum that up, of course, we were more face-to-face, pre-pandemic, we saw a tremendous drop in that and we were able to accommodate still getting our product sold through other means. And now you can see that number of face-to-face going back up. So I hope that helps. But overall, I can tell you, there's a lot of momentum in the sales force right now, I expect more the same. The hit when we spoke about earlier that Fred mentioned was around recruiting. Again, recruiting was important, but we did adjust our model to reengage our veterans, our average week of reducers are up, our productivity is up across all lines and our conversions, we saw 11% increase in converting veterans who have been here more than five years in Q1. So as you can see the confidence in the voice here, feeling very good about we're going to see the remainder of the year.
Virgil Miller: Yes, thank you, Dan. So if you look at the numbers, we still recruited over 10,000 crew agents last year, and over 5,000, close to 6,000 of small brokers that we do business with. And when I talked about the focus where the focus was converting on them, so think about it coming out of Q4 last year, which is our busiest time of the year, we put a lot of focus on getting those converted. And I'll tell you 70%, we had a 70% increase in broker conversions in Q1. So that strategy is working. Now, having said that, that's not to say that recruiting is important, you know, it's a formula, you can add it up, you can look at productivity, you can look at conversion rates into and tell you, how many people we need to hit our numbers. Right now we're solid, because we are seeing again, when those veterans come back and reengage the veterans produce at a higher rate. So I've ran these numbers over and over, we are optimistic about how we're going to look, not to say that we're not going to still recruit. So I can tell you right now, we've got some additional efforts going on in 2Q and I look at it on a weekly basis. If I look, week over week, back in March, seeing progress in the final few weeks of March and that progress is translating over into April.
