Richard Williams: As we shared at the Financial Analyst Briefing, we did experience weaker than expected sales in the third quarter, primarily driven by faster decline in average weekly producers, which is really the net effect of decline in recruiting in the first half of 2019. Some positives that we did see, we saw recruiting growth pick back up in the third quarter on top of recruiting growth in the third quarter of '18 and productivity continues to be an area of growth.  In terms of the fourth quarter and the full year, just as a point of context Dan shared, flat to down slightly for the full year. And what that would mean to get to flat is 3.3% growth in the fourth quarter. And as context, in the fourth quarter of '18, we had 4.2% growth and in the fourth quarter of '17, we had 6.7% growth. So again, we work with quarterly sales guidance, but that gives you a sense of reasonables.
Richard Williams: John, really this further expands our value proposition to be number one distributor of benefits solutions. It gets us on the discussion of front page benefits. And so not only with brokers but also with small businesses with our existing associates. So we are actually excited about it. Obviously, it's measurable route, so that we can get a good sense on how to roll this out nationally in 2021. But it is definitely further expanding our value proposition.
Richard Williams: Thank you, Andrew. So first of all, in the U.S., we continue to see an abundance of opportunity and need for our products and services, so we're very encouraged in the marketplace by that. In terms of just pricing and competitive nature, that tends to be more on the broker distribution marketplace and really more upmarket. And we've said it like in the prior quarter, we experience large case volatility from time to time because there will be some irrational pricing in the market, and we're going to be measured and we're not going to make poor decisions there. So -- but overall, an abundance of opportunity, lots of opportunities in the mid-market and then we will be selective upmarket, but again, very encouraged.
Richard Williams: Yes, absolutely. So as we said, at the end of the second quarter, obviously, we made some business decisions around partnerships to exit that were not profitable and that certainly impacted not only persistency but translates into earned premium as well as some large case volatility. So that right there, sort of, took our trajectory short term down. So Teresa, I don't know if you want to comment.
Richard Williams: Okay, so I'd also like to take those two questions. So first of all, of our sales holistically are impacted really by the average weekly producer year-to-date. Dan has alluded in his comments that we've seen our broker distribution continue to perform above the market, and so that's really how I would bifurcate that. And again, average weekly producer is really impaired or impacted just by the decline in first half of the year on recruiting. So I think recruiting is about a six month lag and so I think that's how you can think about what's happening there. As we think about the partner and the exit of that particular relationship, fortunately, the sales are not a significant percentage of the overall sales of Aflac U.S. However, they do impact our associates who have existing clients and re-enrollments. And so that does take some of their focus off of that. And obviously, the exit of that partnership, because it's been a partnership for several years, has enforced premium ramifications. And so that's how -- why you see it working itself through earned premium.
Daniel Amos: One other thing, Jimmy, I wanted to point out about the brand and your interest and Koide can respond to Japan Post. But I can tell you, from our perspective, our other sales projections outside Japan Post are right on target. So we've had no deterioration in anything that we can see from a new sales perspective in the other channels.
Daniel Amos: But Nigel, one thing I will say is, it's pretty obvious, but first half will be the biggest challenge because we're going against the hardest comparisons. And the second half going to be relatively easy with Japan Post, because were going against such poor sales in the third quarter and we expect it to continue into the fourth quarter.
Daniel Amos: And I have been with FSA this year and there's no major issues other than the fix issue there with Japan Post, which, as Koide says, we don't know all the details or how they're handling that. But no one's mentioned to us that there is anything on the horizon that we need to do to change our sales practices in any way.
Daniel Amos: Well, as you know, we've said all along, we would like to get a new product or rider or something and we are working on that prior to these issues that came up. I think we'll pick that back up as soon as this is resolved in December. I won't know when exactly. But again, I'm expecting things to go back to normal, except corrected from the standpoint of what the FSA is required. So I do think that any way you look at it, Japan Post is Japan incorporated. It's so much a part of society that it has to be fixed and it will continue. So I do expect that to happen.  In regard to cancer sales, Tom, as I said, I expect cancer sales to be lower in the first half, my guess is, and then to be higher in the second half, and the balance is just too early to tell. I can make a guess, but that's all it is. And I don't think it would behoove you and/or me to do that, but better to delay it out and show you what the situation is and you can come to your own conclusion. But my conclusion is, it will resolve itself and we can give you much more clarity at the end of the fourth quarter when January result -- I mean we closed out the end of the year and that date of January, once passed, and the reports are out, we'll give you much more of a sense of it.
Daniel Amos: No, we're not doing their practices. It's not our responsibility per se. We have to let the FSA, who's already in the process of doing that, from their own. And for us to get in the middle of it, I think, would cause us problems. We have, as you well know, reviewed any issues concerning policies that were written. And as I told you, it was 0.006%, so a very small fraction. And so we are confident that there is not a big problem based on that alone, but we will wait till their report is out. And if the FSA wants more, we'd be glad to help them, but we do not see this as being our issue but really their issue that they are handling.
Daniel Amos: I want to say one thing about the broker business. Our agents are still key because they represent 2/3 of our business, but the broker business for us is doing great. I mean it's growing at twice the rate of the industry right now, and so we're very pleased with that. And we believe that -- and our focus is not just on broker, our focus is on our agents and our distribution channel there as well and the point being that when you're at full employment, it is harder to recruit people from a commission standpoint. And I've experienced that over the years. And that's why I've always said there is a balance. When it's a bad economy, there's not as many people at the worksite working, but it's easier to hire. When it's a full economy, which we haven't seen very often, there are plenty of people at the worksite, but it gets the people to call on them that we can hire. So it's a mix bag. So I do think we're doing all the right things. And there's some similarities with this and Japan and that the corporate agency structure has been the slow part but it has been these outside like for example, Japan Post, that has driven the growth. What's really been driving the growth, even though not as much as we want, has been the broker channel. And this other partner thing is a small detail that only because this is all in one quarter that you noticed it as much, it won't -- next year, you won't even see it.
Daniel Amos: Ian, you did a great job actually. You hit it on the head. There's nothing from our perspective really unexpected. It ties back to our investment plan and the growth of the dollar assets, particularly the loan portfolio throughout the year. So in our investment planning, we knew as we progress throughout the year and buy those assets, come around the third quarter, our hedge costs would be higher. So it is volume related but planned volume. The other thing I should mention, just to attach to that, as a reminder, if hedge costs go up and the way it went up because it's related to volume, it also means our income went up attached to it. So our net of those two numbers is more or less precisely within our planning throughout the year or so. That's exactly what it is.
Teresa White: And certainly, this is one of the things that I hired Rich for. Rich is absolutely working with not just the brokers, but the career agency side to ensure that this Argus -- the Argus transition works well. So I'm very excited about that.
Teresa White: I'll just mention a couple of things. Fred talked about the small business and the number of small businesses that we have relationships with. I also feel that buy-to-build strategy gives us unique opportunity to develop an ecosystem that will help us to better serve the small business as well. And so those are things that we look at as we look at this strategy.
Teresa White: Yes, I'll be a little bit more specific. We stopped doing business with a billing partner and this partner provided unique services for Aflac. At the end of the day, we just did not see the economics work for our business. And so you'll see that go through our persistency; you'll see that go through our premium. And, again, we believe it's a right decision to make for the enterprise and for the platform, but you will see some short-term volatility in those numbers.
Teresa White: And it'll just arrive through our 12 month rolling persistency and that's where you'll see it go through the numbers. But you're right, you won't see from a sales perspective.
