Kriss Cloninger III: We had given some guidance in our previous FAB meeting that our modeling or EPS guidance modeling is based on share repurchase of somewhere between zero to 12 million shares, both for 2010 and 2011. We'll pretty much stick to that. We have been running share repurchase at a rate of about 12 million shares a year until 2008, and then we accelerated the share repurchase when we thought we had a significant amount of excess capital. You can argue whether or not that turned out to be the case. Today, we ended last year at 479%. We're in excess of 525% at the end of the first quarter. I'll say with the situation in Greece and the like in their downgrades that happened yesterday that will have some negative effect on RBC. And it just points out the need to continue to do what we said we were going to do during 2010, which was to watch the environment, to see how things stabilize, and then to make our decision towards the end of 2010, at which point we'll start to deploy excess capital. I've personally told Ken Janke I don't want to use the words excess capital in any of our press releases for the foreseeable future. If you want to quantify, I think it's pretty easy to tell a difference between them. The stated RBC ratios, I would say – 479% and whatever our current position is, I will say that our required capital base is about $1.2 billion, which would represent about 100 points of RBC. So, if you want to determine the difference between where we are in RBC and where you think we ought to be, based on your personal opinion, you are welcome to quantify it yourself, but I'm still avoiding using the words excess capital today.
Kriss Cloninger III: We've done some, I'll call them, quick and dirty estimates that said that if all our investments in Greece get downgraded to an NAIC 3 category, which is basically BB, it impact us by roughly 14 RBC points. That includes (inaudible) the bank exposure.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yeah. We fully absorbed the increased interest expense for the first time in the first quarter of 2010. So, that's a good run rate. From now on, we will get a slight decrease in that run rate when we pay off our yen denominated senior notes of 40 billion yen in early July, but the interest rate on that was pretty low. So it's not going to be a material decline. Interest expense will be between 110 million, 120 million for the year.
Kriss Cloninger III: I think generally, Ed, the key factors are the growth of the premium income and the growth of the assets themselves. It's focused on insurance risk and it's focused on asset risk. And what's really grown over the last year or two has been the asset risk component of the thing. The insurance risk is represented by growth in premium income and the like has grown, let's say, the 5% type number on average that's represented in our core growth and top line revenues and the like. So, that's pretty much it. The two risks of insurance and asset are the two dominant factors, and the big increase in 2008 and 2009 related to the assets, not the insurance. And I think absent any more credit migrations or credit downgrades that we'll see a resumption of the more normal growth in RBC required capital associated with just the normal growth in the business.
Kriss Cloninger III: Right. We've got around 350 or sovereign debt in Greece and around $1 billion in three banks, maybe a little less than that. Jerry, do you have…
Kriss Cloninger III: A little less. So, out of that $1.3 billion total, we're saying that if all those securities were downgraded NAIC 3, it would impact RBC negatively by about 14 points.
Kriss Cloninger III: The key drivers that are going to occur throughout the year are just the basics of revenue growth and margin changes. In Japan, we continue to think the revenue growth will be in line with the first quarter growth of roughly 3.5%. We think we'll have margin expansion of roughly 1.5% to 2% of revenue. We'll update you on that probably at the FAB meeting, but I think it will be in line with what we saw in the first quarter. US revenue growth, certainly the US is more impacted by the level of new sales in their revenue growth because roughly 30% of revenues come from first year of premium in the US or as in Japan it's less than 10% of first year of premium. So, the US results are much sensitive to the level of new sales. We have predicted the level margin for our US business absent the impact of the Wal-Mart thing, which was totally a first quarter event. So, we estimate that our US margins would probably be relatively constant for the remainder of the year. I mentioned interest expense earlier. We fully absorb the new level of interest expense in the first quarter compared to the quarters during 2009. So the effect of increased interest expense will diminish as we go through the year. We took on our first level of new debt, the $850 million of new debt middle of May last year. We followed that with a little bit of additional yen-denominated debt in June, and of course, another measure of senior debt in December of $400 million or so. So that effect is going to diminish throughout the year. We had a negative impact on EPS growth in the first quarter related to an increase in diluted shares, just associated with the increase in the share price and dilutive effect of outstanding stock options from – up until 2009 when the stock price was really depressed, we'd had roughly 6 million shares of dilution each year from, say 2005, through 2008. First quarter 2009 that dropped down from 6 million shares to about 1 million shares, and the first quarter of this year is back up to about 4.5 million shares. So, we hope to see more dilution from stock option as the stock price goes up, but that is a bit of a drag on EPS. We doubt that we'll resume share repurchase in 2010, though it is under consideration. And I previously talked about what we're looking for, for share repurchase in 2011. So, that's the big picture, Darin.
Kriss Cloninger III: Yeah, I know about the 12. I am not sure about whether – we'd have to have some better increases in core earnings to get to the 12 I think. I'm not sure we're going to do share repurchase in time to have a material impact on 2010 EPS.
Dan Amos: Let me say one other thing about postal is that the new product that we've been selling, the life insurance product, the child endowment, is in direct competition with the postal. And as you've seen the numbers, we have done exceptionally well. So I am encouraged how we are able to compete in a head-to-head with Post, even though I think Charles explained it better in much more detail that we are a long ways from seeing anything take place.
Dan Amos: I'll be more than happy to talk about that, Nigel. We have traditionally had bonuses at our highest levels of management focused solely on production. While that does well within a single calendar year, it is essential for us to look at the long-term viability in growth of our organizations. And we felt it was good to include not only producer growth but account growth on a net basis. So there is a form of retention in there along with the production components. We feel like this is a more balanced scorecard for our people to determine what they need to be doing in the future. I will tell you that as a part of that, recruiting is not included in that. What is included is average weekly new producer growth. The reason we did that is recruiting is merely an activity of getting people. We need to make sure that those people are being more productive. That's the reason when you saw, and as Dan mentioned, on our Internet recruiting numbers, we had a high volume of recruits, 8,100 in the first quarter of last year. Unfortunately, the productivity from those recruits was not as high as we would like. And as such, we've refocused the attention of our regional sales coordinators and state sales coordinators to be balanced among the different channels of sourcing for recruiting, not just Internet, but also to include field nomination, the way we used to do business. And we feel like that will have a driving component behind why our average weekly new producer growth will eventually come up as recruiting comes up. And so, that's why Dan spoke of second half improvement sequentially in recruiting between the first quarter and the second quarter, and then look for improved recruiting in the second half of the year.
Dan Amos: We are following it, but we don't see any major implications for us. The so called TARP tax, it's my understanding that they are excluding financial institutional liabilities that are subject to another support fund, whether its policyholder protection fund in Japan or the state regulatory remedies in the US when insurance companies fail. So, we don't think there is a big influence on us there.
Dan Amos: It will be [flawed] down 5% to up to flat, and then the second half would be flat or up 5%. But you can't get the first half if you don't get the second half. It's exactly the way we did it in Japan three years ago. So we're basically trying if we ended up being flat for the first half, we'd be thrilled. But what we want to see is a turnaround, that's what we're shooting for.
Dan Amos: Let me say just a clarification. 2Q only impacts the bonus for the first half, and that's only 25% of the total. So, they could still get to 75% for the second half of the year if they got an increase, even if they miss the first half objective. And maybe that was clear before, but I am not sure.
Dan Amos: Andrew, I honestly believe that the things that are within our control, we have the right initiatives in place to create short term and especially long-term results. Unfortunately, there still remains a large economic component to the factors that are contributing to our sales. And until I have a better grasp on improving economic conditions, I cannot really state what I think and how close we'll be to that. But in general, I would say that our field force remains extremely optimistic. The broker production in general remains backend loaded, with the largest emphasis being in the latter half of the year because of open enrollments that occur. And so, am I optimistic? I think that I am happy with the progress we are making internally.
Paul Amos II: It's about 50% production, 20% account growth and 30% people growth as a ballpark. I'll give you all the details if you want them when we get the FAB when I'll put that into a little more depth.
Paul Amos II: Yeah, I can absolutely imagine that. Is that something that's going to happen in the short term, I cannot predict, but we certainly are putting strategies in place that we believe will help better affect sales. One thing I can tell you on a positive note is that while the productivity of our veteran agents, which has been one of the key reasons that we've talked about things being difficult has remained down, the number of veteran agents who are producing has been steadily on the increase over the last couple of months. So, we feel like that is a slight uptick in trend that is positive. But again, it's productivity. And to your point, do I see employees eventually wanting to buy more of our insurance, I absolutely do. As Dan mentioned earlier, national healthcare is going to place an emphasis on people understanding the better value of our products. And I believe long term, just like it did in Japan, that will be a positive for us.
Paul Amos II: As the current law exists today, our policies will not be sold through the exchanges. At this point, we have no reason to believe that that's going to change. If you look at the regulation itself, currently there is no regulation for life disability and accident, some of our largest product lines. It is the remaining products that ultimately are going to be overseen. At this point, we believe that the product development that we're doing through our distribution of both field force and the brokers represents the best opportunity for us to get to the employer, and I do not believe right now that the exchanges would be in any way used for supplemental or voluntary worksite benefits.
Paul Amos II: I honestly believe that there is always a rise and fall as you grow. The question is where is the trajectory in the long term? I believe that we contracted backwards to consolidate certain over expanded areas, where people and coordinators specifically were not making enough money to really be sustainable. As a result, it did decrease our recruiting and training capacity. But I believe long term we'll create stronger organization that can then grow and provide people opportunities to take on management roles. So, do I have an expectation in the long term of that number of coordinators growing? I do. Do I think it will be massive growth? I don't, I think it will be a linear growth that will happen over time as a result of people being successful and being given the opportunity to grow their operation as has been historical with Aflac.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: I think it's important to understand that we have some derivatives on our books now as a result of accounting changes. We are not active participants in derivative markets. So I don't really see any significant impact on any derivatives reform that takes place.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me start with your first one, which is what our sovereign exposures look like. Our direct sovereign exposure to Greece is – the book value is about $285 million. And we have, on a book value basis, just slightly over – very slightly over $1 billion two Greek banks. None of the Greek bank exposure is perpetual exposure by the way. As far as – I think it was Portugal one you asked about, we have no direct sovereign exposure to Portugal – have some exposure to their banking system. The total exposure to their banking system in Portugal is approximately $750 million book value. We do have some industrial exposure there as well.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: I think it's a great question and I think it's one that we're looking at very carefully right now because the notion of a sovereign default by an EU country or any highly rated country was unthinkable couple of months ago. And I still don't think it's predictable as to what's going to happen with Greece, but there is enormous pressure being applied by the EU and the IMF, as we speak, and it will be instructive as to how we proceed what takes place there. But I think we learnt a lot today actually as to the course that that takes and we will respond to that.
