Fred Crawford: I think really -- so first of all, over the long run that is beyond 2025 and '26 we obviously would expect to continue some level of growth pattern. We simply stopped the timing around that time frame as a reasonable forecasting period. But there's no doubt, in the short run, meaning the next three to four years, that one of the shortfall compared to pre-pandemic levels was strength in the Japan Post distribution platform, including some very strong years of introducing new cancer in that platform. And it's clear to us at this point in time that while that platform is recovering, it's going to recover in a more linear fashion over time as opposed to a step function with dramatic increases. And that's because Japan Post is under a very diligent program of improving and investing in their platform, retraining their sales force and recovering from effectively halting and being out of the market for a period of time, as you know. So I think it's more of that gradual approach to the build that we expect that is playing on the slower growth rate. Now having said that, we're doing a lot of different things, as you know, we're refreshing our cancer product. We're adding to that cancer product competitiveness with our [Yuriso] consulting practice. We're also adding lump sum critical illness benefits, and we continue to focus on our other product development, including refreshing our medical product, particularly with an eye towards competing better in non-exclusive channels that are very competitive on the medical product, and we need to compete better there and build share. And then we're excited actually about the developments with WAYS and child endowment, particularly with WAYS. While it is not as high a return product as our other third sector, we're very pleased with the cross-sell activity, and it's also serving to build a little bit of momentum back in our core associate channel who needs more product to generate more commission and have more opportunity to recruit and build the sales force. So, so far, it's very early in that program. We're only a few months into reviving the WAYS product, but so far, the data is very supportive of the halo effect, if you will, particularly cross-sell. So we're doing a lot of different things here in Japan. But ultimately, the reason you see muted recovery is when we look at the throughput of these new products and capabilities, meaning the throughput through agents at Japan Post, agents at Dai-Ichi, agents and agencies in our associate channel, they're busy recovering from COVID, getting back out into the marketplace with face-to-face meetings. And of course, Japan Post is going through their own dynamics of recovery. So it's really the recovery in those third-party platforms that's causing us to be more cautious.
Fred Crawford: I think from a claims perspective, you're seeing the recovery already, and that is we're expecting it to recover back to previous traditional levels of claims activity. I think I mentioned to you last quarter, a normal week in Japan for us is processing something in the neighborhood of 30,000 claims in our operating center. That rose to north of 90, 000 claims a week during the deemed hospitalization period and seventh wave of COVID. So we've seen that dramatically come back down to normal levels with the exception of working the backlog that I mentioned in my comments. So I think the idea is to return back down to normal levels of benefit ratios, and that's the answer there. In terms of new sales, we have Yoshizumi-san here and Koide-san and they can add their commentary. I think the trickier thing is, when you're talking about thousands of agents, some of whom were forced into quarantine conditions during COVID, the issue becomes not only are more agents out there able to produce and share numbers undisrupted by COVID, but will there be a recovery in face-to-face activity, which is more effective. This is still an extremely cautious society here. As we sit here today, we are all wearing masks on the way into work, on the way home from work, while at work and while walking the streets of Tokyo. So there's still some time to take place to recover the full normal activity. Yoshizumi-san, I don't know if you feel differently or have anything to add about COVID conditions.
Fred Crawford: Well, I think the primary benefit, there is certainly an ease -- customer ease element to moving to digital. But the primary motivation of moving to digital is increased agent productivity, yes, ease of doing business with the customer and the agent. There is, in fact, speed of processing claims that would pick up. For example, imagine paper-based claims processing when your claims went from 30,000 to over 90,000 a week during the last seventh wave of COVID. Had we been -- frankly, as an industry, this is not an Aflac thing. Had the industry been far more digitized in the level of claims they process digitally, you would have had much greater speed of claims adjudication. Normally, we'll pay a claim on average in around three days or so in Japan, sometimes four days. It had gone up to around 12 days during that peak level. It's now come down to around five days, so we've recovered quite a bit. But if you are in a digital environment, there's no doubt, John that you could speed that up and also protect against elevated claims periods to keep the speed and turnaround time faster. But I will tell you, a big motivation on our part to move to paperless is taking cost out of our structure. So when you're dealing with paper applications and paper claims processing and a heavy call volume related to customer service activities, all of that adds to cost structure. And in order for us to get that cost structure down, we've got to move it to digital, and that's what we're on a path to doing.
Fred Crawford: Not materially. I'm looking at Todd Daniel's here, our CFO, and no, we wouldn't expect that. It's not unusual, however, when we launch a new cancer product in general and then launch in a major system that there is, in fact, a level of marketing expense that comes into play and launch expense. But quite candidly, while you may see it have modest implications to your expenses and expense ratio, it's not material and it's nothing I would characterize as a onetime thing that would pop out on our financials. It's just sort of normal way of doing business and normal business activity. So I wouldn't anticipate that, John.
Fred Crawford: Sure. Yes, this is the result of Dan and I sitting down in the few months or so leading up to the year-end, and why Dan signaled that fab that I'd be shifting a bit of my weight to focus a bit on Japan. To be clear, I'm spending effectively 2023 in Japan. It started mid-January and will run through mid-December. There'll be times where I'll be back in the States for critical activities and other Board-related activities, et cetera, in the U.S. So I won't be here entirely. And very importantly, I haven't changed any of my job description. And so a s Dan mentioned, I remain actively involved in driving U.S. activities. But the main reason I'm here in Japan is that it's a recognition that, at Aflac, this is very different in how we operate Japan is not a subsidiary in what you would consider to be a normal global corporate company. Japan is intertwined in the fabric of the entirety of Aflac. There's extremely coordinated and close activities shared governance committees, shared intellectual capital around technology, digitization, product development techniques of going to market. We're really, in many respects, one company despite being 13, now 14 time zones away from each other. And so in order for me to do my job effectively, that is being President and Chief Operating Officer of this company, you've got to immerse yourself in understanding the Japan marketplace, our business model and the unique dynamics that drive this business. And you really -- you can do some of that making four to six trips a year for one week at a time or two weeks at a time, which I've done for seven years, eight years -- coming on eight years now. But it's entirely different when you immerse yourself in living here and working day-to-day with the groups. And where my focus is, is real simple. It's where you would expect when you look at our results. Number one, it's partnering with Koide-san and Yoshizumi-san to help revitalize the distribution platform of this company. We need to make a leg up. We need to address certain parts of the distribution, and we're going to have to execute and deliver to bring back that path to ¥80 billion. I think we have a wonderful opportunity to leverage the brand, our scale, being in one in four households where we can drive some of the new products and capabilities that we have been incubating in recent years. And so, I'll be focused on that. And then this move to digital, realize this is a significant effort. This is not as simple as looking at your operations and moving away from paper and moving to digital. This is really not about the technology. The technology is in place. This is about partnering with third-party distribution partners, everything from Japan Post and Dai-Ichi to our associate channel to banks to move them towards more digital adoption through campaigns and programs that increase that adoption. You have to realize this is not an Aflac issue. This is quite literally no different than what the rest of the financial service industry is trying to do. And so when we talk about moving from 10% to 40% of claims or 50% to 80% of applications, that's not just an Aflac issue to handle, it is attempting to move forward and beyond the rest of the industry that is plagued by paper. You don't realize this, but many insurance companies in Japan quite literally never went remote in their operating platforms because they couldn't during COVID. They had to keep bringing their people back in because they were tied to paper and processing. That was not our situation. We were able to go to 50% remote, but even 50% remote was a bit high -- a bit low, if you will, high in terms of bringing people in. So, there's a real need to do this, and it's transformative. So anytime you use the word transformation on distribution and transformation on operations, it's very important for somebody like me and my capacity to be here on the ground spending time in Japan.
Fred Crawford: When you look at sales, it's a gross number. So it includes the sale of policies to new customers or customers without the policies and replacement policies. At the same time, a replacement policy also counts towards lapsation. So in other words, yes, it counts as a sale on a gross basis, but also a replacement policy is considered a lapsed policy as well. So you end up having higher lapse rates and higher sales when you have replacement activity. That's why, in fact, you see our amortization expense pop up in the fourth quarter when we launch a new cancer product or a new medical product because you effectively have a greater level of lapsation. But there's nothing wrong with a replacement policy. It's really nothing more than going out to a customer and saying, you may benefit from an upgraded structure of benefits and pricing and other additive writers, et cetera., and there's nothing wrong with that. The issue isn't the lapse and replacement policy. The issue is when it's too much of what you sell, meaning you want to be driving more new customers and have the proportion of your lapsed and reissued or replacement policies be a lower percentage of your overall sales. That's why you're seeing what we're doing, developing coming back out with WAYS, which attracts a younger, as I mentioned, and newer cohort of investors. Creating products like the disability or income products that are sold and now small businesses to employees who lack that type of coverage, and elderly care product, which is a growing market, albeit a slow growing market. All of this is designed to try to attract and develop new customers. And we believe we can make progress on that. But right now, the lapse reissue is naturally higher when you launch a new cancer product. And that's really typical of what we've seen in the past.
Fred Crawford: I commented in my script, this is Fred, about the lapse rates in the U.S., and it really mimics what I said. And there's really two categories to look at it. One is our individual products. You can think of these as our traditional products sold to small businesses, the largest portion of our in-force and sales. And that lapse rate was down around 1% and, honestly, down 1.5-or-so early in the year and then slowly recovered to where, by the fourth quarter, it was down more modestly.
Fred Crawford: I think you have to put it in perspective, too. This was largely focused on large accounts, the loss of large accounts, which will happen from time to time in the group business and the group business represents 15% of our earned premium. So in other words, look at our earned premium. It was down 0.2% in the fourth quarter. It was down 0.8% or less than 1% for the full year. That's not what we want. We want growth in earned premium. But we can recover from periods of week persistency. We have to focus on it. We have to bring it back. But the largest lapse rates were in the group business, which currently represents a smaller portion of our earned premium and is the fastest-growing part of our company so generated tremendous sales, which helps make up for some of that lapse rate. So we're trying to hold the line on earned premium, which is the most important component to manage.
Max Broden: Thank you, Alex. So, we have, obviously, throughout the COVID times, we made an active decision to hold capital in the subsidiaries given that we initially didn't know exactly where our benefit ratios and underlying profitability were going to go. So we opted to hold capital at a high level, both in Japan and in our U.S. subsidiaries. Coming out of COVID obviously, realizing that we are now operating at a high level, especially in the U.S. with an RBC ratio, on a combined basis, north of 60%, we do agree that, that's an excess capital position and that, over time, we would expect to operate our U.S. entities closer to 400%. That means that there will be capital coming out of those entities over the next couple of years. But we will do it when we sort of need it, and we will hold capital where we think it makes the most sense. There are times when it makes more sense to hold the capital centrally at the holding company, and other times when it makes more sense to holding at the subsidiary level. And we will, over time, optimize that.
Max Broden: And just to add, Suneet, to how this impacts our P&L, it obviously impacts our benefit ratio and expense ratio as well. The benefit ratio was lower by about 90 basis points in the quarter from increased lapse and reissue activity, and our expense ratio was roughly 50 basis points higher because of higher DAC monetization that Fred referenced.
Max Broden: Yes. We certainly expect the continued decent velocity of the labor force and so that will continue to be there. But at the same time, we do expect the recovery overall in our persistency going into 2023 relative to 2022.
Max Broden: And Rima, just a reminder in terms of the impact on our capital ratios, our SMR sensitivity to 100 basis points shift in the yen yield curve is 35-point -- negative 35 points on our SMR. Our ESR, more importantly, goes the other way. And obviously, higher yen rates are positive to our ESR. So a 100-basis-point shift in the gain yield curve would increase our ESR by 34 points.
