David Young: Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for joining us for Aflac Incorporated Second quarter earnings call. While I have your attention I also want you to mark your calendars to join us for our Financial Analyst Briefing at the New York Stock Exchange on December 3rd. Now this morning, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO and President of Aflac Incorporated will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Max Broden, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com, including Max's quarterly video updates which also includes information about the outlook for 2024. We also posted under Financials, on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real-estate and middle-market loans. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac US.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-US GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
David Young: Thank you Max. Before we begin our Q&A, we ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and a related follow-up. Then you're welcome to rejoin the queue. We will now take the first question.
David Young: Thank you, Betsy, and thank you, all for joining us this morning. I hope you'll be able to join us on the morning of December 3rd at the New York Stock Exchange or on our webcast for our Financial Analysts Briefing. If you have any additional follow-ups, please reach out to the Investor and Rating Agency Relations team. We look forward to hearing from you. Thank you.
Max Broden: Yeah, let me start on the product profitability. So, when we look at this product through a GAAP lens, it has at or higher GAAP margins than our core third sector business. And on an IR basis, this is obviously lower than our third sector business because of the very significant new business strain associated with the high reserves, but we have lined up reinsurance that we then expect on a post-reinsurance basis it brings us very, very attractive returns, as well. And not too different from our core first sector business.
Max Broden: I think we'll evolve over time where obviously this product targets a younger clientele that gives us the opportunity to build that relationship and as we travel with that customer through their lifetime, we have an opportunity to then cross-sell both medical and cancer, as well. So over time, I think, there's a good opportunity for us to both get the – Tsumitasi product to the younger clients but also over the lifetime cross-cell cancer and medical to those new clients.
Max Broden: Tom, we track that closely. So we know what those numbers are. We will not necessarily publish those publicly, but it's an important factor that we keep track of.
Max Broden: Tom, I want to address a question that you did not ask, but I think you wanted to ask and that is, how is this different from the waste sales that we had in the years 2012 through 2014? And I would characterize is there are three main differences. The first one is that we will do much more frequent repricing of new business for this product. And that's very important because this is a more interest rate sensitive product than our core third sector business. The other one is that we will have a much more diligent management of the distribution channels and the third piece is that we are not utilizing reinsurance to make sure that we can relieve some of that new business train and get the IRRS higher. And if you take all of that to get or that is what makes this different from the waste sales that we had of that were very very significant back in that timeframe of 2012 through 2014. Thanks Max. You stole my follow-up. That was great. Appreciate it.
Max Broden: I'm not going to put an exact number on that, but I would say that anything if you get even something like a hundred basis points is meaningful when the overtime translates that into the economic impact that would have from additional net earned premium. So, it's something that we will continue to drive over time. The other thing I want you to be aware of is that that persistency will jump around somewhat driven by mix of business. So our in-force in the US, it is gradually changing. So you are going to see more Group Life and Disability business as a proportion of our in-force, which clearly has a much, much higher persistence rate than our average. And then also the same thing applies to over time our Dental and Vision businesses as well should have an improved persistency. So we're driving all the underlying businesses and the way they improve persistency then the mix impact will be an important component as well. So, over time, what we are driving is both that business-by-business improved persistency and then obviously the mix impact, as well. So we will over time sort o. call that out and give you some more colors on that, as well.
Dan Amos: Yeah, I think Aflac team nicely explains that. It's important that I say it, is remember it with the Tsumitasu product we are hiding a younger group less disposable income than does an older set of potential policyholders. And so whereas, with the older, we might offer the Tsumitasu product or another product and our supplemental for third sector product. With this group, we'd start by putting in one product, which would be the Tsumitasu product and then in a year or so later follow-up and add more. So it's different as we're building that policyholder base, which of course is one of the things we promised you we would work toward doing and Aflac Japan we believe is doing the right thing here for us.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Jimmy. Let me start with Japan. Obviously, 17.8% in a quarter is a very low number. We have a guidance range of 19% to 21% and long-term I think that is the range that we will operate within for the Japan segment. We tend to have some seasonality in Japan with the second half having a little bit higher overall spend and I would specifically call out that Aflac Japan turns 50 this year. So we will have some promotional spend associated with that including advertising and a lot of sales activities around that. So therefore I would for the full year that we would end up in the lower end of that 19% to 21% range. For the US, we also have had very good expense control especially in the first half. There are timing differences where I would expect our spend would increase in the second half and I would also caution you to please keep in mind that the fourth quarter, every year has the highest level of sales activity with that comes expenses spend, as well as our expense ratio in the fourth quarter tends to be the highest. Over time, the US still have a number of businesses that are not at scale. And therefore we have we are running those businesses with expenses overruns right now. This includes our Group Life and Disability business, it includes our dental and vision business and it includes our direct-to-consumer business and to some extent also our group our group BB platform. As those businesses really reach that scale then they come down in expense ratio and we will no longer have that expense overrun. So that means there are - there is downward pressure over time to our US expense ratio. But we're very pleased with the expense management and expense control for the first half and in particular into second quarter. But I would caution you when you think about the full year, I still would expect us to be inside of the range of 38% to 40% for the expense ratio in the US.
Dan Amos: Correct. Our thrust is to write new customers, but if someone wants to buy, we certainly will sell it to them because as was mentioned by Max, the profit margin is very acceptable on this product. And so, yes, we'll take anyone that wants to buy. But it is not our push. We want the younger customers is what we're working toward.
Dan Amos: Absolutely, we are. Now they can call more about it. I just was cutting through the translation and Max can cover that a little bit more too.
Dan Amos: And I just want to make a comment. I think that we've seen one of the best years and certainly one of the best quarters in the U.S. in terms of we've got a lot of balls in the air. And to realize that they brought up the loss ratio. They brought down the expense ratio. They had switched business and our business is more complicated as we go into other products. They're training their people better. I just have a kudos to Virgil and the team for the hard work they're doing. And I think long term, our US operation is going to be a much stronger company because we're doing all the right things I think we need to do to prepare us for the future. So, I'm extremely - the sales yet I want more than 2%. But I promise you that the 2% that we had is much bigger than a normal 2%, because it's cleaner business is more profitable and it should compound as we move forward.
Dan Amos: Let me kick it off and then I'll hand it over to Yoshizumi for some more details. We do not have an explicit caps around this product. And the reason why it’s because it producing very good returns for us, both from a profit margins standpoint and also from a total - from an IRR standpoint i.e. with a significant spread to our cost of capital. So we actually do want to sell quite a bit of all this product. That being said, this product is very much about how it can lift our third sector franchise. We still believe that we are a third sector company. And we want to make sure that we keep our exceptionally strong position in that marketplace as the number one as third sector player in Japan. So, that is the context and of this product. And Yoshizumi can help give you some more details in terms of the timing of the full rollout of the product.
Dan Amos: This is Dan, I want to make a couple of comments. Number one is, we normally don't show the first month. We show a quarter of whatever new product is. It is not unusual to have a spike. What I've always said is we introduce new product no matter of what it is. You have a spike and then it levels off. We're in the spike period. And we've seen that with others. But it it will it will come down as he said and we expect that. So, just keep that in mind the other thing is that the numbers were small numbers in the past. And so that also as a percentage makes it look bigger than it normally is. But there's nothing here that makes me think that is any different from other new products other than it's doing very well as a few of our products have. And we're excited about that and pleased that we were able to find the way to get the profit margins to acceptable levels, so we could do this. We've been wanting to do it, but we haven't been able to do it and given Max his credit. He was been able to find a way to help do this and we appreciate that very much on his part.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you for the question. Good morning everyone. I'm Yoshizumi. I am in charge of sales in Japan. So as you have mentioned our competitors have entered third sector market. And so the environment is totally different compared with maybe five years ago or 10 years ago. [Foreign language] And there are competitors that are launching a very reasonable or low price products. [Foreign language] However, in Aflac, our concept is to launch and sell products that have values to our customers and not just lower product buy for the sake of lowering product - lowering prices, excuse me. [Foreign language] And as we enter into our 50th anniversary this year in Aflac Japan. And this is based on the history and trust that we have from our customers in providing the appropriate insurance policies at all points by thoroughly thinking about what is needed in each environment or at times because the illnesses change and treatment methods change. [Foreign language] Now according to the data that’s been publicized between April 2022 and March 2023, [Foreign language] And Aflac is record the number one most sold policy company in Japan in third sector products. [Foreign language] What we will aim for is to continue to provide customers that most appropriate product for our customers, so that we can maintain our number one position. That’s all for me.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Hey, this is Yoshizumi once again. Let me continue to answer your question. [Foreign language] We have a large number of existing customers as you know. [Foreign language] And our target customers are young and middle-aged customers. [Foreign language] And the reason why I say our target is young and middle-aged customers is as follows: [Foreign language] Well first of all, the Japanese government is really pushing and encouraging the Japanese citizens to go after asset accumulation products and the Japanese government is offering various systems so that the Japanese citizens can do that. [Foreign language] And as a result of that asset formation needs is heightening very strongly in Japan. [Foreign language] And we’ve launched our new product in order to respond to the kind of asset accumulation needs in Japan. [Foreign language] And this product is very well taken by the market and selling well and it is increasing our sales. [Foreign language] And the reason why this product is attracted attention is because there are various options that would allow our customers to choose after they paid up their premiums for example after they paying off the premiums, this policy can be converted to death benefit or nursing care benefits or the customer can receive cash value and use that cash as asset accumulation. [Foreign language] And as we go through these kind of discussions with our customers there will be more touch points with our customers and there will be more opportunities for our sales people to talk to our customers about third sector products. We’ve already have this established sales pattern and we have trained our sales agents to do so. [Foreign language] So our purpose is to increase our third sector sales by using this new product Tsumitasu as a hook. [Foreign language] Because we are the company that would increase sales by centering on third sector product sales. [Foreign language] And the way we are doing sales is to really ultimately sell third sector products by launching first sector product. And that is based on the needs of younger middle-aged customers at each times and a period of time. [Foreign language] That's all for me.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: Hey, this is again Yoshizumi. [Foreign language] And as I just mentioned, it’s not just about Tsumitasu, but since we are a company that mainly sell third sector product. [Foreign language] Then for example as for the 50th anniversary, we will be selling pushing for cancer insurance sales and in order to increase our touch points with our customers, we will be having campaigns to offer gifts to our customers. [Foreign language] We also have a conservative service that no other competitor has. [Foreign language] And so so what we were trying to do is to appeal this conservative service in line with our 50th anniversary through the website, TV commercials, and video services. [Foreign language] We have a large number of sales agents and agencies that only sell Aflac and have walked together with Aflac for the past 50 years. [Foreign language] And these agents and agencies are extremely pleased and happy about celebrating 50th anniversary. [Foreign language] And there's a very big momentum for these sales agents and agencies to sell a large proportion of third sector products. [Foreign language] We, as a sales team would like to support these sales agencies at our maximum. [Foreign language] That’s all for me.
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [Foreign Language] Thank you. This is your Yoshizumi. I would like to answer your question. [Foreign Language] First of all this product was launched on June 2nd. We have able to record a very successful big sales. [Foreign Language] And the reason why we have been able to record such big sales at the beginning of its launch is because, we, we meaning our distribution channel has been fully prepared to really wear to sell this product where they should be selling. How we should be selling and that's what we'd be working on since the beginning of the second quarter. [Foreign Language] And the reason why this kind of preparation was needed was because. [Foreign Language] And our agents. [Foreign Language] Talk to about Tsumitasu new customers, our agents really need to practice how to sell this product. [Foreign Language] As a result, our agents did visit those customers that are easy for them to be talking to and as a result it made a big hit in the sales. [Foreign Language] And as a result of this through preparation for the June launch we are not expecting the same level of sales from July and on. [Foreign Language] But at the product to earn certain level of volume. [Foreign Language] And we are quite sure that this product will serve that kind of a role. [Foreign Language] And the big role that this product will play is to cross-sell third sector products. [Foreign Language] And it would be easier for our sales agents to talk about third sector products through their customers once they start talking about Tsumitasu. [Foreign Language] And that is the difference between other first sector products because Tsumitasu has its own feature that can make that sales agents easily talk about third sector products. [Foreign Language] So what we are expecting is to have Tsumitasu sell to certain volume on its own, but on top of that sell third sector products is to certain level, as well. [Foreign Language] That's all for me.
