Frederick Crawford: Let me let me start by making just a couple of comments. And then I'll hand off to some of the folks around the table to contribute. Tom, this is Fred.  First on sales results and Japan Post in the quarter, as you may know or may remember, based on our alliance, we don't comment on some of the specific results coming out of those channels. But what we certainly can say is that the launch of the cancer product in the quarter was the majority contributor to the increase in cancer sales that you saw in our results. For example, in the first quarter without being launched in Japan Post, our sales were up in cancer around 25% or so. And as Dan mentioned in his comments, in the second quarter, we were up around 60%. And you can safely assume the majority contributor of that was from Japan Post.  Your question then is what about continuation. And our view is that there is still much more runway in Japan Post over the long term, predominantly as they build efficiency in their distribution channel and more and more agents take on the cancer product and begin producing. So, we do think that there's a continuation of upside in Japan Post. However, it is also the case that, commonly, right when you launch the product, you'll have an immediate jump in sales in the early months followed by a calming down.  But let me just turn to Yoshizumi-san and/or Koide-san if they'd like to comment or add any color beyond what I just said.
Frederick Crawford: Tom, your second question was related to revenue in Japan and how to think about it. obviously, having to take into account both our reinsurance agreement and paid up policy, so I'll ask Todd to address that.
Frederick Crawford: One thing that I'd really like to add when we have this conversation, particularly spending some time in Japan and with the team is, we proactively promote the notion of an existing policyholder with an older cancer policy replacing their policy if it's in their best interest, if it serves them economically and from a benefit and overall quality of coverage perspective. And we do that because it's good for the customer. But we also do it because it brings that customer into our shops and allows for face to face interaction between our distribution partners and their clients. And that often leads to cross sell – cross sell activity with the individual, but also cross sell activity with their family members, as the agents have a chance to engage. And so, please realize that we don't actually look to avoid or curtail lapse and reissue activity. It's actually part of the strategy. And it's particularly important on the cancer side, as you can imagine.
Frederick Crawford: No, I agree, Dan. I think, right now, what we focus on is just expanding within the line of cancer, meaning so when looking at refreshing our cancer product, we also have lumpsum critical illness that we include. We also have, as I mentioned earlier, this Yorisou cancer consulting service. And so, quite honestly, what we're focusing on now with Japan Post is not just cancer sales, but how do we expand and enrich the overall activity within that cancer line of business.  So I think what you can assume is anything that comes out or any developments or innovation around the cancer line of business, that we will certainly deploy that within the Japan Post system.
Frederick Crawford: You'll see very clearly in each segment, US and Japan, there's both sales and earned premium targets. And then as you can imagine, we cascade that down and get more particular by line of business when we get down to executives or officers that are in charge more directly to a particular line of business. So the concept of earned premium is an essential piece of how we compensate.
Frederick Crawford: If we could for a minute before we go to the next question, Jimmy had asked a question earlier about our expansion opportunities in Japan Post. And as Dan mentioned, our president, Koide-san, is here with us today this morning in Columbus and he would like to add just a few comments about the Japan Post alliance. Koide-san.
Max Broden: Tom, I would just add as well, if you look at it long term, for us, to sort of get to a level where we are replacing the business that is falling off, i.e. get to an earned premium growth of zero, we need to essentially get back for all distribution channels to pre-pandemic levels in terms of production and also have the Japan Post channel get back to a restored production level.
Max Broden: Alex, just to sort of add in terms of utilization, if you think about it, the US is absolutely out of the pandemic. And you should expect the utilization to sort of get back to sort of as normal level at this point. I think we're still a little bit off where we should expect some rebound on utilization. But, definitely, the vast majority of the benefits that we offer should run at more normal levels at this point.  And so, what we're doing, as Dan and Virgil alluded to, we are enhancing our products for that because we have not seen utilization bounce back to pre-pandemic levels. And so why is that? Well, there are some fundamental differences that have happened during the pandemic. There's definitely less usage of emergency rooms that we see in the data, greater use of local facilities, greater use of outpatient services rather than in-hospital services. All of this leads to lower claims utilization overall for us. If you go to Japan, we continue to see the long term trends of shorter hospitalization stays, especially as it relates to cancer. We have seen first diagnosis, i.e. diagnosis of cancer, bounce back to more normal levels. But the surgeries and hospitalization trends are still pretty muted. And we believe that that's more driven by greater use of outpatient services as well in Japan as well because we see that increase.  Overall, the mathematic effect of this is that it leads to a lower benefit ratio overall for us if these trends continue to stay in place.
Max Broden: Suneet, they definitely come into our financials faster than they've done historically. And it's because we run these remeasurements each quarter and reset the net premium ratio for our forward reserves. So, therefore, you get it into the results much quicker.
Max Broden: We true-up our reserves for recent experience and to our best estimate. And then going forward, what that means is that for you to get lower reserves in the future, you need to have an improved trend. If the utilization stays at this level, our reserves are adequate. If you were to have worsening trends, the opposite would then occur.
Max Broden: When you naturally have sales running lower than lapses, by definition, the age of the block increases. And when you have an older and more mature block, you're going to get higher lapses from it as well. 
Max Broden: Wes, the impact on the second quarter expense ratio from higher-than-normal back amortization was about 50 basis points.
Max Broden: The impact from reinsurance will continue throughout the year, and I would expect it to be running at that level. The impact from paid up and the DPL impact, it was rather high in this quarter. It's going to be a quite a volatile number overall. But I will just note that it was – we deem it to be quite high this quarter.
Max Broden: Essentially, all of it, both senior management and employees, have incentive compensation based on earned premium.
Max Broden: Josh, just to remind you that the earned premium outlook that we gave for the year 2023 and 2024 is a CAGR of 3% to 5% earned premium growth.
Virgil Miller: Yes, utilization continues to be our focus in the US. We have launched a series of wellness campaigns really driving our policyholders to leverage the coverage. I think Fred or Dan mentioned that we've seen over a 22% increase in wellness utilization during that time period, which started about the first quarter of the year. And we're going to continue to do that.  Our main thing is to drive and demonstrate value. We know that the average American has less than $1,000 in savings out there. So there's a benefit to them that make sure they're prepared for any unexpected medical event. And also, getting regular checkups will help anyone that gets diagnosed with some catastrophic disease like cancer. It helps them, of course, be able to get the right treatment and save their lives. So we're going to continue to push on that. And I expect us to see continued improvement going forward.
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil. Let me first say that I'm pleased with the stabilization that you see that's occurring with our persistency rate. So this quarter, we came in at 78.2%. It's about 10 basis points higher than last year. I mentioned in Q1, we have done quite a few conservative efforts to go after this. We have stood up, what I call, office of the persistency, which is really a team of data scientists that's been 24 hours a day looking at different efforts that we can really do. So I think that you're going to see even more to come from that.  Today, what you heard me say earlier is mainly about driving utilization. We're really pushing out campaigns for wellness. What we did in Q1 and Q2 was more of a shotgun approach, reminding everyone that has those benefits within those policies to go out and find those wellness claims. What you'll see us doing going forward now is more of a – what I would call a more strategic or surgical attack, which is around event driven notifications. For example, if someone recently got married or they have a birthday, we're going to be reaching out there to remind them to utilize those benefits that we have.  Overall, you saw that the persistency plus the 6.4% increase we had in US sales drove to higher earned premiums for us. That earned premium rate was up about 2.2%. And that's really what's happening right now. The growth is what's happened to balance our expense ratios. We still see higher expenses right now with our investments, our growth initiatives. But those growth initiatives did contribute about 48% growth in the second quarter toward our revenue.  Let me just ask Steve Beaver, our CFO in the US to see if he wants to come in any further.
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil for the US. Actually, I will tell you, I'm sitting very pleased with our performance for the first half of the year. To your point, we did see a decline in the second quarter. But if you look underneath some of the numbers, I look at the lead indicators. We had strong recruitment in January, February, March, April and May. The climb really happened in June. If you look at for the first six months, so we're sitting about 8% up. If you look at the actual career agents themselves, we had a strong increase in Q1 at about 35%. So we're sitting about – I'll be specific on a number. We got about 600 more than I really expected this time of year.  What that really means to me, though, is we've got a great opportunity, which we did in June to really push on productivity and conversions. We have first year conversions up 5.2%, and then really driving to our average weekly producers. So, average weekly producer number is up again for the quarter over 2%. That's really what we're trying to do. We're bringing them into the pipeline, we're getting quality recruits, we're getting them converted, we happen to drive productivity, and then we're looking to turn them into average weekly producers.  So, I will tell you that recruiting is favorable for the remainder of the year. We really don't see any major headwinds out there. But we will take those recruits, convert them and get them average weekly producers. Som looking forward to an even stronger second half of the year.
Virgil Miller: To that point, Dan, we had that baked into our numbers. So that's what I mean when I say we're on target with our expectations. I mentioned in Q1, you won't see these humongous numbers we used to see in the past, right? And that's why you see a concerted effort on making sure we convert who we have. It's going pretty well for us this year.
Daniel Amos: Because we have Koide here from Japan, being President of Aflac Japan, I just think it's important for him to say a couple of words because we had such a stellar performance with sales and things. So, Koide, would you just – I'll ask the question, tell us how things are going in Japan.
Daniel Amos: [Technical Difficulty] any time that we come out with a new product, it always has some impact. So we're taking that as being a standard, no matter what. If it's a new cancer, it affects medical. If it's a new medical, it's cancer. Because everyone goes to the easiest thing to sell. And so, something new and sparkly always looks better. So that's going to always happen. But the variation can be such. But, all in all, that's part of the system. That's why we're constantly having to upgrade is because we have to show that competitors come out with new things. We have to come out with new things. But because it isn't actual expenses, but fixed cost, we have to do this.
Daniel Amos: We try our best to keep these tied together to our bonuses to where – when you're happy, we're happy. Or we're happy, you're happy. So if you look at those, you will see that. That's a very important part of our board function under the compensation committee that we tie that together,
Daniel Amos: Let me make a comment about recruiting for the past. And we have to remember we're in a post pandemic period. But our track record for the past has been that, with high unemployment, people tend to come selling for us because they can't get a job on the south. So they're working on commission. That's not limited to Aflac. Anybody that's in that business – most people prefer a salary with a bonus versus all commission. So that's the first point.  But on the other hand, when you have high unemployment, recruiting becomes more difficult. But at the workplace, there are more people to enroll. So the people that are selling are seeing more people at the worksite. It will be interesting, what happens here is we see more people working from home. We're seeing that there – I was in a restaurant the other day that it was closed for lunch because they couldn't get enough people to work there. So, these things are happening, and we're having to do that.  But I would say, considering that it's hard to find employees, certainly at the lower levels, it tells you that we're doing a pretty good job. And I give kudos to Virgil and their team for what they're doing because it is a little bit uncharted waters because the tradition of the way we've been doing it, I've just got to see how it falls out. So I want to make that comment.
