Dan Amos: We're not disclosing in detail the underlying assumption for specifically for rating migration. But at a high level I can comment that rating migration is predominantly an issue when it comes to risk based capital and less so when it comes to our solvency margin ratio in Japan. It's obviously a factor in Japan as well but it's really to RBC formula that is more sensitive to rating migration. Our asset leverage in the us is fairly low. And even when we'll look at rating migration, it has a fairly limited impact on our capital conditions in the operating subsidiaries.
Dan Amos: Let me say one other thing. I want to make sure it's clear. The closing of shops is only temporary. We're still going to be using the shops. It very much plays an important role in Japanese culture. They actually like to bring the families in and sit down and discuss their overall products that they own and what they have and what this has done for us, talking about with change brings opportunity, it forced our singles associates to use technology more and ultimately will enhance us long-term. So, I wanted to be sure we said that.
Dan Amos: I'll make a couple of comments. I don't believe our Japan Post relationship’s ever been any stronger. I believe, and no one knows in these uncertain times, but this is just my personal belief and gut feelings from being an CEO for 30 years is that, when the COVID issues pass to some degree and we go back to whatever the new normal is, we'll see a pickup in Japan Post and things will start back again. And so, I'm encouraged about that. As you know, they're our largest shareholder and we are confident that that relationship was made even stronger with that acquisition and it's in their best interest and our best interest to see cancer insurance grow with them, and I think we'll see that moving forward.
Dan Amos: Today or at least through the end of March, we didn't have any. We certainly expect going forward there to be some. We don't necessarily think a huge amount just because of the nature of our properties. But where we do have them, as I mentioned in the speech, will be making more amendments to loans, getting other protections in return and just really adjusting cash flows. So, we do expect those but we don't expect financial difficulty at the end of the day for those sponsors that may need it.
Fred Crawford: Let's, do this. This is Fred. Let's split this up and have our colleagues speak directly to their markets. And so perhaps we'll start with Koide and Koji to address how they're adapting in Japan to the new environment and then we'll switch to Teresa and Rich Williams.
Fred Crawford: So Humphrey, hopefully that covers it for you and others in terms of what we're seeing out there production wise and this attempt to pivot. I think one general theme we're seeing, both in Japan and the U. S. is that digital communication non face-to-face communication has always been the secondary approach, the primary being face-to-face. Now you have agents and distribution partners having to pivot to making digital the primary and face-to-face a secondary, that takes a little bit of time to make that switch. And so we'll just have to be patient and work to support those efforts. We can go to the next question.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think as it pertains specifically to persistency, it's a very tricky dynamic. We have historically seen our persistency, for example, during the last financial crisis, track unemployment levels and that is that we see greater lapsation or weakness in persistency during periods of high unemployment. And so it stands to reason we would have that as a sensitivity test or a stress test as part of looking at the U. S. and that's why we provided that number. Obviously, it's quite severe in its approach, particularly any sort of prolonged level of unemployment at the levels I discussed 20%. But nevertheless, it's a worthwhile stress to apply. I would say that one other aspect to be aware of is that we're providing right now guarantees, if you will, waivers of premium payments while guaranteeing the policy remains in place. And it defers by state but generally speaking, it tends to be upwards of 90 days or so, 60 to 90 days depending on the dynamics. Similarly, we’re doing that in Japan. When you do that in the United States, what happens is you see actually persistency remain high until such time those efforts are released and then you'll find a level of shock last typically, particularly if there's unemployment associated with the crisis. We know this. We have some experience in this, because this is very commonly done in states where there's been natural disasters, hurricanes, even recently, tornadoes in Tennessee for example. And so this is not an unusual event. What is unusual is that it's nationwide. And so what we're trying to do is understand what that sensitivity might be like. It has very little bottom line implications, because you're releasing reserves, you're writing off DAC. And so this is not necessarily a profitability or margin issue, it's really more related to your earned premium. And that's why we provided that forecast. I think Nigel, that's a very severe stress. We certainly hope we wouldn't get there. We find it beneficial that the stimulus packages that are being announced are directed towards small businesses and are wired to payroll and maintaining employment, which is how we collect our premium and how we sell our product. So there are some offsetting or mitigating factors, but we have to take a conservative approach when we're applying a stress test.
Fred Crawford: Well, as we reported, the first quarter was slightly better than we had expected. We did get most of our deployment and middle market loans drawn by the end of February for the quarter. So, that was fortunate just because as I reported, it'll be slower rest of the year. As we think of the rest of the year, I'll put it in two buckets, stable and variable, the alternatives just because it's two different stories. On the stable, we actually expect it to be a fairly decent year, despite some of the headwinds of lower rates. On our floating rate book, as I reported, we locked in our hedges and our income. So, despite the low drop in LIBOR, we're protected by the hedges we did and the LIBOR floors. And in fact because of the precipitous decline in LIBOR, our hedges actually ended up performing better than we expected, because more loans hit the floor that was so extreme. So actually we were able to book some of that extra income, if you will, which will help offset some of the headlines naturally from lower rates. The other thing to mention for the year, part of our allocation actually does go to yen assets. And in a surprise that we haven't seen in a number of years, yen yields have actually been stable to going up a little bit. So, relative to our plan that put us in a good position and when we are buying yen, we continue to see actually attractive opportunities in yen public credit as well as some yen private placements. So we can find good credit and earnest spread. So on that part of the allocation, doing relatively well. Obviously for alternatives, we're expecting lower variable income versus our plan. Now that will depend on what happens with equity markets. Now they're up, there's still a lag effect on valuations but our base case right now is lower than we had planned. But if you put that on together between the stable and the variable, we're feeling like we're going to come right in the strike zone maybe a bit better versus planned for the year. Looking forward, I obviously can't really comment holistically in the sense of being specific to 2021. But to your question, Eric, around the floating rate assets, as I've mentioned, in many fabs and answering other questions around this. The way we think of those floating rates is the natural hedge between hedge costs and the income. And right now we're in an environment where if you were to just say today was January 1st and I don't have the specific days of the rolls of our coupon hedges but they're around in the fourth quarter maybe beginning January, February. But if you just said re-roll them right now, well for this year, we locked in hedge costs in the area of 210 basis points and 220 basis points, because you locked them in December and January. Well, right now three months hedge costs are I think last night 69 basis points. So, if the notional of our floating rate book is the same, our hedge costs will go extremely down the same token, those loans which are based off of LIBOR, those are resetting down now they have LIBOR floors, so there is a natural protection. But the point of me saying is that way is at the end for net investment income, I'm looking at the net result, the net result of the income on the asset less than hedge cost. So all things being equal, we actually see that net result being fairly manageable going into next year, if you take out any one time gains like from hedges that I described earlier for this year. So as time goes on, we'll see. But that's how I would think of group one. And then you know, the rest of the book, obviously, if reinvestment rates continue to stay at this low level, again, as you know, we have high coupon private placements from years ago maturing. So that would be a headwind, going forward into income. Hope that helps.
Fred Crawford: You know, it's a good question and we're studying all those metrics, Tom, for that reason, but it's a bit early, to give you anything with any sort of concise nature. It's just been rolled out state by state. We’re just getting into it. What I would tell you is we're collecting our received premium. We're calculating our received premium. And actually I just saw a report on that yesterday and it was into the month of April, which is really where things are kicking in. And so far we haven't seen much movement in terms of collected premium. I think it's down a little bit.
Fred Crawford: So we're tracking that, Tom, and we'll have to continue to watch it. But we've been here before. You know, as I mentioned earlier we've had to do this in various states Florida, Texas, et cetera, with hurricanes, California fires and so forth. So we understand how this works and typically operates. And so, we've got a good handle on it.
Fred Crawford: We can have Koide add any comments he wants, but the answer is yes. There is a somewhat industry adopted conventional practice of allowing premium waiver for an extended period of time. I think the big difference in Japan is that you tend not to see necessarily implications for persistency, because these policies are age priced there. As you know, the Japanese consumer values the policy and that's very specific intentions around the policy protecting savings and their livelihood. And so while the waivers do matter from an economic perspective, we tend not to see dramatic movements in persistency related to what I mentioned earlier in the U. S. But if I'm off on that, either Todd or Koide if you want to add any color.
Fred Crawford: Thanks for making that point, Todd that both in the U. S. and in Japan, these are grace periods, not waivers in the sense of outright waving the collection of premium.
