Kriss Cloninger: Jimmy, Kriss Cloninger. Let me just comment on that. The $0.15 is correct for dementia by itself. Dementia reserve strengthening we had and the divert costs we wrote off. But what you have to consider is we normally have a couple of different types of adjustments in either third quarter or fourth quarter or any quarter for that matter. And in the fourth quarter this year, we had some claim reserves released because we trued up some of the runoff factors and the experience analysis too, and we had some JPY 5.2 billion of claim reserves released compared to what we had posted at the end of the third quarter that offset some of that Dementia increase. Let me just make a couple more comments on that. That's not an unusual thing for us. As a matter of fact, in accordance with our SACS requirements on internal standards for financial controls, we actually have it recorded that we'll do a review of the adequacy of Dementia reserves with respect to interest rates during the fourth quarter. And we'll do certain other updates on claim runoff factors for claim reserves and the like during either the third or the fourth quarter. And we have all that coordinated with the audit work that goes on. This quarter, we did strengthen the dementia reserves, and let me just tell you why. Last year, we also strengthened dementia reserves in the fourth quarter but because they pretty much netted against other adjustments, we made the claim reserves and the like. We didn't discuss it because it didn't create any significant difference in the benefit ratio. So last year, we strengthened interest rates underlying the reserving of the closed block of dementia down to a 2.7% ultimate new money interest rate. We actually used 2.5%, upgraded it up to 2.7% because we thought interest rates were very low and likely to increase. This year we decided to eliminate the assumed increase in interest rates, so we just kept the new money rate used to reserve that block at a flat 2.5%. And that's the only thing that caused the increase in the reserve on that block of business.
Kriss Cloninger: Other than that, earnings would have been higher but by not much. We take a look at the range of possibilities for reserving conclusions, and my operative philosophy, and I think I probably said it to the investment community before is always to make sure that the numbers keep moving in the right direction. I want to make sure there are numbers moving in accordance with the underlying fundamental trends of the business. And that's why we made this adjustment.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start with a comment there, John. One of the things that's creating us being bias toward the low end of the range is that in 2010, we had an extraordinary benefit to earnings of our U.S. operation caused by the termination of a large case, and that created a net impact to profitability of roughly $40 million that we've got to find some way to cover in next year's earning comparisons. So that $40 million is a pretty good amount. Other than that, we're concerned about layering in of more low interest rates while we've moderated sales expectations in Japan due to modest or difficult comparisons. Japan sales and Japan profitability, probably will be in line in terms of growth with 2010. We still need U.S. sales and U.S. revenue growth to recover to give us growth over and above covering this extraordinary benefit we got in 2010. So offsetting that is our ability to resume the share repurchase program, and having achieved good capital adequacy positions during 2010 will allow us to deploy some of that accumulated capital during 2011.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me start with an answer to that. 2010, as I've said, was a year of strong capital accumulation for us. Though we haven't finalized our statutory results yet, we're confident that our statutory earnings came in at somewhat over $2 billion after tax. The realized losses on a statutory basis are pretty much pretax numbers, and that's going to come in somewhere around $850 million to $900 million. So overall, net earnings on a statutory basis are going to come in and around $1.2 billion. Now, that added to our capital position during 2010. Also, what you make in terms of statutory earnings less your realized losses gives you the amount of money you can dividend out of the like company without special approval. And let's just say that's going to be $1.2 billion, it was $1.4 billion last year, we didn't take out the $1.4 billion, but we could take out -- and I'm speaking hypothetically at the moment, because we haven't finalized the numbers, but we could take out $1.2 billion to apply to capital management purposes. And that assumes that we could absorb say another $1 billion of realized losses in 2011 if we continue making statutory earnings in excess of $2 billion and replenish the capital we took out as the dividend. So that still leaves us in a very strong RBC position. So just hypothetically again, say we took out $1 billion dividend, and I'll go over all this, as I usually do at the cap meeting in terms of sources and uses of capital. But let's say we took out that $1.2 billion dividend, we have over $600 million of cash in holding company, today, let's just say we wanted to maintain $200 million or $300 million of that, that leaves us with, say, $1.5 billion we might want to deploy. I'm giving you just a lot of numbers that are in my head. I haven't prepared them with everybody that matters around here, but this is some stuff I've been playing with. Say we got $1.5 billion available, and we've got a shareholder dividend commitment of around $500 million, a little more, maybe $525 million. Say, that leaves us $1 billion to do share repurchase or other activities, well we've said 6 million to 12 million shares while obviously at the high end of the range at 12 million say buying back shares of $58, $67 a share, we'd spend somewhere between $700 million and $800 million there, and maybe that leaves us a little bit more cushion. So I think the fact that we could I think maintain RBC levels that we ended 2010 at still absorbs some significant realized losses during 2011, which we hope not to do. But I'll let Jerry address that. Still maintained strong fundamental earnings group in statutory earnings, which I expect we'll do, puts us in a very good position for deploying capital during 2011. And I think that's sort of what's on my mind. Some people have asked me in the past, you're going to be so conservative that you'll just sit there and grow RBC levels. And I replied that, no, we're not going to just sit there and create a position where we got significant sterile capital that's not being deployed, and I just want to reiterate that. That's my conclusion. My only caveat is that I do have to worry a little bit about the impact of further strengthening of the yen on the solvency margin in Japan particularly if we increased portion of our Japanese capital that we invested dollars because we lose some solvency margin benefits from doing that. But the yen is already pretty darn strong at JPY 82 to the dollar, and Japanese industry is starting to complain about their ability to maintain exports and the like. So not to say that, that's a controlling factor for currency, and we don't really predict currency, we just try to manage in whatever currency environment we're in, but that's kind of brain dump, John.
Kriss Cloninger: Before he starts, I just want to reiterate you gave me the benefit of reminding him it was a hypothetical comment I made. I would just say on statutory basis it was $800 million to $900 million capital loss in 2010. And we could absorb that in 2011 without disturbing RBC. I'm not saying we're going to, I hope we don't, but I'll let Jerry take it from there.
Kriss Cloninger: Maybe rounded down a bit, Ed. But we did, I'm sure, carryover the dementia reserve adjustment to the statutory and things of that nature. So like I said, I don't have the final numbers, but you can assume I've rounded some of those down. Remember, too, that the ILT impairment, we'd impaired it before using the equity impairment method because it's perpetual. It had not been impaired on sets. So when we impaired it in the fourth quarter of '10 for credit purposes, a much greater amount hit stat.
Kriss Cloninger: Well on a stat basis, we don't get the same deferred tax treatment that we get under GAAP. We don't get the full benefit of a deferred tax offset on realized losses. On stat, it's more keyed to, tied into the cash tax return. There are some deferred tax provisions, but they're normally lower than you get on GAAP. And I'm not an expert on deferred tax statutory accounting. So I probably need to get back to you on that some. But I know we don't get the full benefit under stat that we get under GAAP.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, there's some. But it's not the full tax rate, assuming that you can fully utilize realized losses in future tax returns.
Kriss Cloninger: It depends. I know you know that production in the bank channel, particularly of the child endowment and WAYS, is going to drive the overall margin down a little bit because those two products produce more investment-spread income than they do -- let me use a property and cash context underwriting income, the difference between premiums, benefits and expenses, particularly child endowment, that's kind of as close to zero underwriting product we're putting equals benefits and expenses at the assumed pricing interest rate. And then what you do is make a spread on the reserves based on the difference between earned interest rate on investment assets and the required interest rate on reserves. And that's going to emerge more over time, Ed, on that child endowment. And also I've talked about advanced premium deposit funds of being spread-type generator, too. So those spreads don't emerge in proportion to premium. They emerge over time in proportion to invested assets and earned rates versus credited rates. And WAYS is similar though not quite as extreme as child endowment. So I'm telling you that if the margin, the underwriting margin goes down, it's going to be replaced to some extent by increased investment spreads that you won't directly see. The way we look at the numbers now, I'm promising you all, we talked about this some the many fab in September, we didn't talk about it on the program, but I talked to a number of you. I'll mention it again, I think in the third quarter report and at the fab meeting in May, I'm going to try to lay out a lot more about the impact of child endowment and WAYS on the margin computations. But I want to assure you that those products are expected to produce profits, not quite at the level of our medical products. And I've told you that, that they're going to add to the overall profitability of corporation by growing revenue faster than we otherwise would have grown it, and by producing margins, they're going to add to total profits.
Kriss Cloninger: I'd say mid to more like, let me just say, 15 to 17 I think is what I've been seeing out of some of our profit testing work.
Toru Tonoike: Yes, Dan. We have some negative factors about our expectation of the 2011 sales. For example, sales of the Dai-ichi Life was lower than the last year in 2010, but we expect that to continue to be lower in this year. And also we had a big decline in the sales by one of our big telemarketing agents. And again, we expect that sales, that part of the sales to continue to go down this year. So we have a couple of negative factors.
Toru Tonoike: Yes, regarding the penetration to the bank channel, we have gone pretty much, but I think the percentage of the bank branches that produce at least one policy per month, that is a benchmark we measure at bank penetration. And that ratio has been growing pretty nicely. At the end of the fourth quarter, that has come to about 50%, a little -- I'm sorry, 27% for all banks and 51% for the mega banks. And that's as of the end of the 2010. And if we look at the fourth quarter, the penetration is even higher, and that has come to 6% for the mega banks. But still, we think we have a lot of potential there. So the number can obviously grow even farther, and even if we reach out the number very close to 100%, that really means that one branch says only 1% for the month. And we have no reason to believe that they can sell two policies per month, or even three policies. So I don't know which inning we are in, but I'm sure that we have a plenty of potentials on that.
Toru Tonoike: Regarding the Dai-ichi Life, there have been pretty new after becoming a public ownership company. So they are still working on ways they manage the company as a public company. And they want to forecast on that, and they have less time to spend to sell our policy. So last year and probably this year too, their sale of accounts will continue to decline. But once they are comfortably managing the company as it is, there's no reason why we should expect that sales continue to go down in the future. So we hope that can come back. But we don't know yet.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me just say one thing at the outset. The number one concern that I have and have had is in terms of risks to the portfolio's concentration risks, that continues to be our highest priorities, to look for intelligent ways to reduce our concentration and diversify our risks. And so you've brought up a number of topics that kind of speak to that the first being the Greek banks. I think that obviously that’s a very fluid situation. Sure there would be liability management exercises among the Greek banks in 2011 or maybe beyond that. And we'll keep an eye on that, and if it's advantageous to us we may act on it. But we're constantly evaluating that prospect. I got to turn to Israel Elec first. Israel Elec, as you know, is in effect a government agency, if you will. They're more than 99% owned by the government. I think given the structure in Israel, it is highly unlikely that they would have any other owner other than the government in the foreseeable future because of the way their rate structure operates. I think nothing has changed materially in their business model. And in fact, unlike what you've seen happen in Europe, their ability to raise capital in public markets has been unaffected this past month. They just hit the domestic debt, the largest in their history. So their liquidity remains pretty secure. But the problem there has been on what their return on capital can be, and given their capital expansion needs that is something of a sore spot for them, but their operating model hasn't changed. What has changed is that S&P took a look at what has been the status quo for years and decided to kind of fire a shot across the balance, seems to me, and downgrade them and it was a warning shot I guess to Israel they need to ensure Israel Elec can achieve greater profitability. So we'll see what goes there, but they still are monopoly there and essential service in Israel. And their profits while low are adequate. So we're not concerned about their ability to service debt. Turning to Tunisia, what we can say about there is I think it's an interesting situation because one of the key reasons that Ali left Tunisia was he was not able to demonize the opposition because it was not Muslim fundamentalist opposition. It was really much more of a secular opposition. So therefore, I think you have a well educated, very secular population, that I would say that the outcome politically is highly uncertain there. But I would also say that the market has not responded with any material devaluation of their bonds. If you look back to December valuations on Tunisian public debt, and then you look at the valuations today, many of their issues trade well above par, and none of them have been devalued by more than 5% in the marketplace. So I think globally there's not the level of concern about Tunisia that there is in Egypt, which is much more, the opposition there is probably a little more troubling. InvestCorp, I think is again, an interesting situation. I think we remain pretty comfortable with InvestCorp it is a large exposure but they have really shifted much towards a key-based business model as opposed to direct investment and hedge fund et cetera. So their profitability is much more stable. They were able to raise significant capital over the last 18 months. So I would view that as a fairly stable situation.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Let me answer the question this way. As I said in the outset, my number one concern is concentration risk. So if there are ways to reduce concentration risks that are beneficial to us, we'll do it.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: You have hit the nail in the head. That's always how we approach these situations. And I'm glad you appreciate it, and we'll continue to approach it that way.
