Dan Amos: But Charles Lake and Tohru on the line and the three of us were at the news conference on Friday. So let me see if they want to add any to that.
Dan Amos: Well, as I said, I still -- because right now we’re within 1% I think down, I think it’s a reasonable assessment that we can achieve it. I do not have the comfort level with the U.S. as I do with Japan in terms of achieving the objectives. I am very comfortable even though Japan looks like it’s coming further from behind because of this new product, that they are getting this month, I feel very good and Paul could relate more to that, because he has been more involved.  But with the U.S. Jimmy, I am concerned that because of the delays and the other things, it can have an impact. But we’ve got some things that we are working on like for example we have a toll free number that will go online affected the middle of August to where our agents can call in and ask questions. I think some of our agents are a little bit reluctant to go out and talk about healthcare reform with the fear that they won’t know all the answers, but will have this safety net of this watch of this toll free number I can call that will allow them to feel more comfortable calling on the employers, new and old, old for re-enrollment, new for -- to do that, that may help us in the second half.  So I am counting on that has been something that will help us. But your concern is something we too worry a little bit about.
Dan Amos: John, this is Dan. First off, at the analyst meeting, we said then that we estimated repatriation would be 70 billion to 75 billion yen and…
Dan Amos: …and that compensated 80% of estimated FSA earnings. So FSA earnings came on little bit better. I can’t point to any specific reason why but we retained the 80% remittance. That’s what drove it up to 76.8 billion.
Dan Amos: Well. It’s not all at the parent at this point. So right now if you look at on an operating basis, we had $576 million at the parent company at the end of June. Now, that excludes the net proceeds from the debt issuance we had because that’s basically pledged for debt servicing in future periods. The repatriation that we brought back $795 million right now is warehouse at Aflac and then on the quarterly basis as we dividend up for the parent company’s needs, it will be moved up to the parent company to support things like share repurchases and dividends. So it’s not all there right now.
Dan Amos: And then, you can Charles. If you remember when we announced, I specifically said, don’t get your hopes up too high on Japan Post. I specifically said that the banks would be much bigger than would be the post office. Everyone got real excited and our stock hit all highs at that time. I was always felt that we needed to temper it because we did not have the network or the group as we call it. We only had one part of it and the insurance company and these agencies were not a part of it. So we never knew exactly what would happen, would the post develop their own product, would they not. This is now totally different. Now I’m willing to say this is a big deal. So I’m very excited about that.
Dan Amos: We’re not going to make any comments on numbers at this point. We’re in too early stage, but as I’ve told, as said on CNBC, this is a game changer and I’m willing to make that comment, but I can’t quote numbers at this point. We’ve agreed to wait and see with Japan Post and so it would be improper at this time.
Dan Amos: No. It will be similar, but it will -- it will have Japan Post stamp on it, that is what they want. But it will be same profit margins and much similar -- it will still be a cancer policy. It's not like we are all of sudden going to in wait or somewhere else. This is going to be very similar, how you would view it from an analyst perspective.
Charles Lake: This deal is structured as a long term relationship deal and it is deep down in that regard. It is an exclusive agreement that makes it very clear that Japan Post group including Japan Post Insurance will be offering Aflac to cancer products. And again I maybe repeating what Tohru and Dan talked about, but Japan Post group has Japan Post Insurance as well as Japan Posting Network Company. That network company has 20,000 post offices that has 100,000 licensed agents. As Tohru, talked about, we will be training them and so on, but there are already insurance agents that are trained. So they are going to be selling eventually when we reached 20,000 that is 100,000 agents gradually down the row Aflac Insurance and Aflac branded insurance that will gently develop within. The third component of this deal that was announced again makes that very clear that is, it is a long term relationship that we have structured here. This is a special product that we will work with them. Here are their views and then develop, but it is an Aflac branded product. So in many ways as Dan talked about this deal, it is a game changer. It is indeed a president setting. Other insurance companies have had some access to the channel. But we are making in many ways setting a president here in a way that makes this a very, very big deal in Japan. The media coverage in Japan, all the front page articles that appeared when these deal was announced with any indication, all prime time news covering this deal with any indication, but that kind of a deal is not going to be a two year or three year deal that only was structured for the IPO so. Hopefully, I’ve given you enough or some of the flavors of the nature of a deal in a way and why we believe it’s a long term.
Charles Lake: Yes. That's a arrangement, that would be an agency cont arrangement between two insurance companies and that just as it was the case with Dai-ichi it requires an approval from FSA. So we will be working on that. So pending approval for FSA, as soon as we receive that approval, we will begin that process. And again, I think, Dan, hit all the key points and maybe I’m repeating, what he said, but this deal was the entire group with the holding company that ultimately makes it an integrated deal, makes it special. So, it's not just the Japan Post agency, Japan Post Insurance agency, but the Japan Post network both combined in a coherent strategy to implement as a group in exclusive deals to sell Aflac Cancer product. That's what makes it a game changer
Charles Lake: Yes. That’s a very important point. Mr. Nishimuro, the new CEO of Japan Post Holdings, one of the most highly respected international business persons in Japan, former CEO of Toshiba and former CEO of Tokyo Stock Exchange and he has taken on this leadership role and he has expressed his vision for the IPO and working together with different companies and were one of the first companies to have structured the deal and made the announcement. He also made a very kind statement in the press release that we issued. So this is a private sector seal with demonstrated record of success in a global economy and Dan and Nishimuro had a wonderful meeting and we are looking forward to that strategic cooperation in that regard as well with this new management team. I also want to mention Mr. Ishii who is the President of Japan Post Insurance, Mr. Takashi from Japan Post Network Company, all are combined working together as a team with us. Tohru and I had a number of meetings with them and we are very much looking at this as a long term and working in a way that will make this a big success. So all of this is very positive in our view.
