Eric Kirsch: And I like to comment as a CEO. Chris and Fred thought processes are much the same. They are very thought provoking in their approach to everything that they do and the mutual respect that the two of them have for each other, I have seen over the last month, is only going to make our company stronger. And I told Fred not to get the big hit, but that he was exceeding our expectations and he certainly has been in all the eyes of the people that have worked with him so far.
Eric Kirsch: Primarily. There is a little bit of new cash flow. So when I speak of new money, it's an accumulation from operations, maturities, calls, the interest, coupons, things of that nature. But the percentage breakdown is primarily from the JGBs coming back to dollars.
Eric Kirsch: We have a number of things in the pipeline. It will be somewhere, I would say, between where we are now and much higher than 2%.
Kriss Cloninger: Randy, Kriss. You're pretty much on target there. At FAB we indicated a range of deployable capital we expected to see over the next three years of somewhere in the neighborhood of 6.3 billion to 7.5 billion, I told you at the low end of the range, I didn't think we'd have to do much in the way of extraordinary capital raises either through reinsurance or other means to achieve that level of capital deployment. Perhaps some modest level of reinsurance to get to the 7.5, we might have to do some other things. We've got our year to the ground and the reinsurance market overall as you know we're pursuing ways to achieve cost effective, cost efficient ways to reduce sterile capital particularly in the Aflac Japan operation, we think we did that through our last transaction. That exceeded a significant block of business in Japan, but allowed us to recover our retrocession from the reinsure of 90% of the block to minimize the cost of that block. And still achieve a significant reserve release in Japan. We – we're talking with the reinsurance community about additional follow on opportunities of that nature. We don't have anything in the works at the moment. Nothing to announce. But it's part of our planning process and we're continuing to flesh out the planning around sources and uses of capital. And Fred and I have been having significant discussions along with Ken Janke in our planning for the future there. But nothing in the pipeline at the moment, nothing that you ought to expect here about in the near-term.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, Ryan, I will cover that. Basically, we got the first six months under our belt, things came in as I said at or somewhat better than planned in most particular areas. I always like to say we've got a lot of moving parts in this organization and I have to expect some good variances from plan and some that are maybe not quite as favorable. But net-net, things that moved from plan netted out to be on track. I will say that we had frontloaded expenses both in Japan and the U.S. this year relative to where they were in the prior-year at least on a comparative basis. In the U.S. it was all continuing build-out of the change in the sales management model and alike in Japan we had planned to do some additional work in our IT areas in terms of building out some of the systems we are working on and the like. Of course, we ended up with that relatively modest write-down of some of the software developer costs we had previously incurred. I'll tell you there are a lot of moving parts on that software development cost thing. We are going to get a credit from the vendor that participated in doing that software development that'll benefit us in subsequent periods. Credit somewhere between at least half of the amount of the write-down and we have some optionality in terms of when to take advantage of those credits. But all of that being said, we had a good solid first six months. We think will be on plan or better for Japan and U.S. benefits in the second six months. We are ahead of plan to some extent in net investment income. And, of course, we did that bond transaction to take out the 8% notes that we had outstanding. Took them out and the combination of first and second quarter eliminated $850 million of bonds they carried an 8% coupon replace them with about $1 billion of debt. They carried much lower net effective coupon rates and that's going to save us about $0.07 per share a little bit over 1% increase in EPS during the period. So all of those things as netted together, I mean the increase in guidance wasn't huge, but it was an upper revision to indicate that we had a good plan for the year and we have confidence we are going to make it during the second part of the year. Good sales help that too. So that is about it from my perspective. I don't know Dan if you want to add anything to that. But that is the financial story I will let you follow-up if you want to.
Kriss Cloninger: Sure, absolutely. A big driver of that was as you recollect I talked about earlier in the year that most of our cash flows were back ended in the second half of the year. And one large portion of those cash flows was again you recollect we had the flash crash of October 15 last year. We sold about $1.2 billion of treasury, but we opted to put that into yen or JGBs because we didn't like the dollar opportunity at the time. We planned to bring that back to dollars during 2015, but we wanted to be opportunistic so not knowing exactly when that would be that was planned for July 1. As you know during the second quarter tenure started at about 190 or 180 or so, ended the quarter around 240. And in early June hit around 245, 250. We opted to take about two-thirds of that money and allocated in June mostly to some investment grade corporate bonds and a little bit of high yield. So we were opportunistic in terms of the timing planned for, but we did a little earlier than we originally put in the budget of July. So that was the big driver of that new money yield. And as I had said last quarter we expected over the year this would iron out the first quarter was just because we focused primarily with the small amount we had on JGBs, but we'd always planned on having a larger dollar allocation. So, I hope that helps.
Kriss Cloninger: The numbers that you see actually in the FAB Sup, I would say, primarily are the sales force, the career force. One of the things that I've spoken with Robin about is, as we skew more towards broker business that we need to re-look at how we present this information in the FAB Sup. And the reason I'm saying that is, the numbers that are represented here are primarily our sales, our careers sales organization numbers. So the weekly – average weekly producers, average monthly producers, and then we had brokers that were contracted as associates. But as we have executed on our new broker strategy now we've started looking at brokers as a single entity in our system, but they are not well represented here. So the field force is still very, very important to us and we're continuing to work with them on the less than 100 – 100 or less accounts. But I don't think that I'm fairly representing the broker community on the FAB Sup and we plan to change that.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, I'll make a brief comment on that. As you know, we've continued to operate in historically low interest rate environment in Japan. That's led us to being cautious and disciplined relative to our sales practices. In today's interest rates, we're looking at mid-single-digit profitability as a percent of premium on the WAYS business produced today, if those low interest rates continue on for the full premium period of the policy. As Paul mentioned, we extended the premium period for the new version of WAYS from pretty much a 10-year minimum to a 15-year minimum call. That produces over a premium rate in each year we collect a premium, it gives us a longer period of time to yen average or dollar average invested interest rates during the time we receive the cash from the product. And at today's interest rates, again historic lows, if those persist throughout the premium period of the policy, we expect to come in mid-single digits, which is not really consistent with our company objective. We're optimistic or hopeful that interest rates will improve somewhat over time and will get the benefit of investing some of the future cash flows at somewhat higher interest rates, but that remains to be seen. All that being and said, we do believe that it's in our corporate interest to maintain the agency relationships with the channel we've developed to continue to promote the cross-sale of third sector products, which we're pretty good at, and just monitor conditions as we continue to accept business. So it's not a rosy picture at current interest rates, but we're trying to just keep the distribution system afloat at this point.
Kriss Cloninger: But Paul's answer is yes and your real question is, what if interest rates go lower. And the answer is, we can control it if we need to.
Kriss Cloninger: 41% -- okay. Pre-tax maybe you're right. All I know is we are in the far upper right hand corner of every chart I ever see relative to companies producing ROEs and right now on an operating basis excluding all the unrealized gains and losses and excluding the effect of currency our ROEs are still in excess of 20%. I think they were like 23.1 or something like that. That was a number. I happen to remember that number because I kind of like those ROEs. That was it for the second quarter on an operating basis. Darn, one thing we determined when we were interviewing CFO candidates is every person we interviewed told us that one thing that attracted them to talking to us was our profitability metrics and our returned metrics. Our margin metrics, our ROE metrics, they say gosh, my company sits around and lusts after your metrics. It's really attractive situation. So I'm sensitive to what you're saying about ROE declines and quite frankly, the first sector business if it produces mid to single-digit profit margin that's going to carry a lower ROE and I admit that. But that's not where we want to end up ultimately. I think will maintain the operating ROEs. Our internal range is to hit somewhere in the 16% to 24% range that's what we get paid on. So that's what we're managing for and quite frankly 20%'s is our target. And if we don't get that we get penalized financially. That's where I'm trying to keep things.
Kriss Cloninger: Tom all I wanted to do is to point out that a lot of our costs are step costs and major. They don't directly vary with the production of the business. They are very similar between first and third sector of products and certainly some percentage of the costs are in fact very bold, but the way we manage cost particularly with in Aflack, Japan is, I will say, independent of the source of the production etc. etc. are staffing models are built around certain things and we don't have a lot of fluctuation in personnel or staffing levels over say a six month period. We'll adjust depending on trends and the like, but I can pretty much count on the Aflac Japan management team to come in with their expense plan we established at the beginning of the year. And one of the ways I disciplined that expense plan is by setting the growth in their general operating expenses generally at about an increased level of about one half the increase in the premium income. That's my objective, that's we'll start out with them. And so that adds some discipline to the process. It gives them some variability in their premiums. If premiums vary, I let their expense targets vary. But, in general, more of our costs are step in nature and not directly variable. So that tends to lead to some stability of profits regardless of variations and production over a short span of time, which I'd say is six months or so.
Dan Paul Amos: I think that the price of insurance companies are through the roof. And I can't possibly see in anything making any sense at this particular time. The thing I could see are small things that would ultimately enhance our internal growth. But like a CAIC type that makes us broader in our perspective. So in terms of capital it wouldn't even be a blip on the screen. It wouldn't even require a release it would be so small the things we're looking at. So right now is not the time. What we need to do is concentrate on what ultimately enhances shareholder value and that's growing our business internally and then doing share repurchase if that makes sense. And then also increasing the dividends. So I am staying in that area.
Dan Paul Amos: We closely follow all the Japanese domestics. We see certainly sometimes different behavior between those that are mutual companies and those that are stock companies. But in general, they are following their overall strategic long-term plans allocating certain percentages of revenue they like to see outside of Japan. But we don't believe in any way that's fundamentally changing the domestic marketplace. We do however believe that our continued focus on Japan and the efforts that we're making there are allowing us to continue to execute better and better and I think that's evident in this quarter's numbers. As we continue to keep our focus right in Japan and what we think the Japanese consumer needs.
Dan Paul Amos: Let me say that's from our standpoint. I can't speak what other people would, but from our standpoint we can't make it work. But it'd be a good evaluation for Aflac.
Dan Paul Amos: Let's see I've got some of those numbers here John. Total cash and cash equivalents were right out 1.4 billion, but that was down from almost 2.5 billion at the beginning -- end of the first quarter because we refinanced and paid off those notes of a little over $1 billion during the quarter. The cash available to shareholders which we count as the amount of cash that we actually got less $500 million minimum balance cash collateral amount and any debt refunding activities we've got, that's closer to 400 million. And we'll expect that to grow modestly during the third and fourth quarters as we receive additional amounts of repatriation. We actually received ¥119 billion in July that wasn't included in that number at the end of the second quarter I gave you. And we got another 50 billion planned or recover or received during the remainder of 2015. Cash position is pretty good.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, we think about it being 1.3 that's implicit in the guidance, the revised. We haven't really thought about it being a bigger number at this point. But it's certainly possible depending on how things break that we would consider that if appropriate. But we're not ready to say it's appropriate. We're doing our cash planning our earnings planning et cetera, et cetera, and the updated guidance we gave you which is toward the high end of the original guidance is as far as we going to go right at the moment.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, this is Paul. Let me start on first sector broadly. And say that first sector as we promised, we were going to actively manage is down again 11.8% in the quarter and down 21.1% year-to-date. We did, as a part of our strategy, re-price and redevelop part of the WAYS product, our BR product, really focused on 15-year and longer, first and foremost, to help handle any disintermediation risk; second of all, to target a potentially younger customer and we've already seen in the first quarter a lower average age of issue as a result; and, finally, as we've discussed or I've discussed at FAB as an accommodation to our agency sales force. Keep in mind, several of our large channels don't even offer first sector generally, whether it's Daido, Dai-Ichi or Japan Post. But through our bank channel, we continue to monitor in cap sales of first sector products. But as our exclusive agencies depend solely on Aflac for their products and they continue to do a great job creating cross-selling between first sector sales and third sector sales, we continue to work with them to develop product that we think can meet our needs as well as meet the needs of growing our third sector sales in Japan. I'll turn it back over to these guys to talk about the expected profit margin and the overall rate for interest.
Dan Paul Amos: I see WAYS a little bit like a contest for salespeople. You've got to keep whether we're trying to find a way to enhance sales of the third sector. One way that we're enhancing sales is that they feel like they need this WAYS product or a product to have a broad enough portfolio. And so we give up some on profit margin but whether we had had a sales contest that cost us a lot of money to increase third sector or whether or not we took a little bit lower profit margin on the life insurance product, it still ultimately our objective is not to grow WAYS, our objective is to grow third sector. And the numbers reflect what's going on in Japan that we are in fact growing third sector and growing it dramatically. No one with the profit margin we've got with the market share we've got is expected in a 12 month period to grow over 25% which is what we are growing right now.
Dan Paul Amos: We encouraged certain products of first sector products to be sold at lower levels through our agency channel by either not entering the production credit we give them or taking away certain elements of the product related to that channel. Specific to the new WAYS product, we are focused on helping them and allowing them to sell that 15 year and longer because we believe, as Chris pointed out, it has some advantageous elements to the overall sales. But as we've cited, we have to be very careful in taking away products from exclusive provider because they would obviously have the opportunity to become non-exclusive and offer other companies products which would damage our relationship with them should we determine that we were no longer going to offer any first sector products but strictly managing products like child endowment and annuity has been something we have been heavily focused on.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, of course, the sheer size of Japan is a challenge. I believe that the things that we're doing in the United States, you asked me, so I am going to answer it, Teresa could answer it, but I'm going to answer it is that I still believe the US has enormous potential. I believe some of the things that we're doing specifically last year at this time for the first nine months since we put it in, we are up about 6.7%. That's still doesn't excite me too much. I want to see double digits. But I think we’re doing the right thing in that regard. Our specific areas of the country about 40% of them were up prior to these changes. And now about 60% of them are up. So they're moving in the right direction. So I'm hoping that as we see now national healthcare or Obama Care pretty well set, every ruling every everything, the people have far is kind of over now people will lock in and become used to that. It's here to stay and I think that will ultimately broadens our opportunity to grow our business. But we have got to grow new sales. And I make no doubt about that. And so we'll continue to work that way.
Dan Paul Amos: Okay. I'll make a few comments on Japan. Colin I'll say that the financial guys look at increasing profitability more than they look at increasing premiums and force. And some of that today is a discipline. You know we have had input on from the investment community over the last several years 2010, 2011, 2012 we wrote a lot of per sector premiums. In my opinion it had good profit margin. And I'm convinced we added significantly to the value of the enterprise and grew our profits with first sector products. But we got a lot of push back from the investment community saying we don't want you to grow those large premium policies. Those more investment oriented products. So it wasn't solely that input that cost us to push back but it was partly that input that cost us to push back some in the first sector. And so we've reemphasized our core business third sector products that cover the body instead of being investment oriented or life insurance oriented more. And we're concentrating on growing that and I think redirecting the efforts of our distribution system. The third sector is leading to significant increases in growth. You know the fact of the matter is you've got a certain persistency or lapse rate that's just associated with the market and you lose a certain amount of business through lapses and your net gross based on how much new production you can have that offsets the lapses and force. And as we get bigger and bigger and bigger in terms of your legacy block the lapses become bigger and more new businesses is required. So we've got a balancing act going on Colin. But our final focus is on enhancing profitability and value of the company for the shareholders. I don't worry quite as much about the metric of premiums and force as I do profit growth. So I'm going to leave it there and let you push back if you want.
Dan Paul Amos: Colin, I will give you a couple observations from my perspective. First, we always want to try to drive those core valuation metrics nor where we can and if we can, but interestingly enough what I think is also happened over the last several years with Aflac is our cost of equity has come down, as a company is gotten bigger, stronger, stable and not quite honestly, I'm looking across the table at Eric Kirsch. Eric has grabbed on to the general account and managed the risk more carefully around the exposures that we have. The volatility and prospects of volatility for the company are down considerably and so I think ROE may have trickled down over time but certainly cost of equity has also come down too where we're still generating the kind of value that you would expect. And I would second that Kriss is talking about in part some comments I made when I was first talking with the company.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, it's true though. But the thing that interesting about that is it goes back to also Dan's comments on M&A. I mean the bar is set extremely high here at Aflac. Because right now when we buy back our stock we are effectively buying back into a high returning company at zero premium. And that 's a very valuable thing to do. And when we look at deploying excess capital build often wins over by when you're looking at a premium. And really what we are excited about is driving more competition for investing organically in our growth model. And that's a very promising thing when you're driving good returns. So it's – were in a good position I think all the way around.
Dan Paul Amos: Well, let me just say, let's don't forget that life sales were down 11% and you can't breakout just ways because it is all part of it together. So I want to point that out. Kriss said he wants to take it so I'll since this is the last one will let Kriss take it and if you have a follow-up, I will answer.
Dan Paul Amos: As we end this call I want to say one thing, because Aflac Japan is on the other end. Because you are all analysts and shareholders, I couldn't be prouder of the job that Aflac Japan is doing. I mean, to realize the market share we have, to realize a profit margin we have and to realize the sales increase we have now pulled for the fourth, first and second quarter is just stellar. I hope all of you will take note of that and realize, because I will put them up as bragging rights against anybody. There's always in a quarter some good and some bad and sometimes you have really bad news. Fortunately we've had very little over our history but sometimes you really have good news and I'm here to say we've got good news about Aflac Japan and what's going on and we are proud of them. So with that we'll turn back to Robin
