Frederick John Crawford: Nigel, thank you for the question. So, as it relates to U.S. sales for the third quarter, I'll give you three observations. The first is we saw positive results in all of the areas of focus that I've been talking about in 2017, career agent; veteran engagement; new associate conversion to producer; middle market broker sales; and public sector business. So, all of those areas are working well for us in the third quarter. Second thing that I'll mention is, Dan talked about a shift of the sales that – how they compare it from quarter-to-quarter. Well, in the third quarter, we saw higher-than-expected growth in the large broker markets, which normally, as you know, skews toward the fourth quarter. However, as we looked at the data, without that large case – without those large cases, our sales team still has strong performance around 5% for the quarter. The third thing I'll mention is that I'm very encouraged about the growth that we're seeing through the successful execution of our initiatives without changes in the fundamental business practices that we've set forth. So, we're building confidence in our strategy, we're building confidence in our sales leadership and we're building confidence in their ability to execute. As to the attribution question, as we look at the broker sales versus the career agent sales, first, the Aflac is seeing the same rate of growth from brokers as the market is seeing. So, market growth had seen some increase on the broker side, while Aflac is experiencing the same thing and we saw that more pronounced in the third quarter. The second thing I'll say is that, as we're executing on the strategies, both channels are performing. We believe that the bonus programs that we've introduced in 2016 allowed the career agents to focus on growing career producers and on sales in the small business market. We believe that's working. And on the broker side, we're seeing that the broker expansion strategies discussed earlier in the year are coming to fruition, translating into better market growth in that channel. So, I hope that answers your question.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah, I think it might be informative just how do you deal with these types of natural disasters from the standpoint of our financial statements and benefit ratios. Look, the punch line is that you should not expect and we do not anticipate any material financial movement in our core margins as a bottom line impact. So, I would not worry about that, we are not worried about that, but it is interesting. You obviously have the Virgin Islands, Puerto Rico, really the entire State of Florida and then sections of Texas that were affected. And what we do is, because there is basically a blackout, if you will, of paid premium and submitted claims as people are dislocated from their homes and away from work and so forth, we have a way in which we can estimate what we would have expected the premium levels to be and the submitted claims level to be, and we adjust our due premium assumptions as well as our IBNR to take that into account. And that's done through an estimation process. When it comes time to – as you may know, the states actually put what amounts to a stay in place that requires keeping policies in-force while people are dislocated. And so, we have to make these estimates as to how the business would have performed had that stay not been in place. When it comes off of that dynamic, which is typically about a year long, it can be shorter at times depending on the nature of the disaster, there'll be some movement in policies, such as policy lapsation, which is what Teresa talked about. And in that case, what you will have under a lapsation dynamic is you'll have a natural release of reserves on the product, which could actually benefit your benefit ratio, but that's offset by DAC amortization, accelerated DAC amortization, which weighs on your expense ratio. From a bottom line perspective, you're not impacted, but you'll see those moving parts. In any particular quarter, it may be noticeable, and we'll point that out if it takes place, but I would tell you over a year's timeframe, it's a rounding error and does not adjust our outlook.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah, I made the comment, Jimmy, in my script comments, if you will, that we're being tactical, but quite honestly, it's substantially similar to the tone and discussion we had at our conference, and that is we've got to start weighing alternatives for our excess capital, including reinvesting back into our business and that it's not just going to be automatically repurchased, particularly as we trade up towards our view of intrinsic value. And so, we're going to be more tactical. Having said that, I'm comfortable that we'll be within the range, but I think when looking at the fourth quarter and just a practical approach to repurchase, it's likely the case that we'll be at the midpoint or lower than the midpoint of that range as we are tracking. And again, that really has more to do with paying careful attention to the expected returns on our excess capital. So, we continue to repurchase, we'll continue to that pace, but I think from a practical perspective, I would not anticipate the mid to high-end of that range all in the fourth quarter.
Frederick John Crawford: That comment was specific to the expense ratio in Japan. And so, what I'm referring to there is that our conference, we talked about the expense ratio in Japan for a three-year period being in the range of 19% to 21% and so my comment was, when looking at that long-term range, as we proceed to 2018, we would expect to be in the midpoint of that range. As you can see, we are traveling just a touch above 19% expense ratio in Japan. And note that, that expense ratio is really not an expense issue as much as it is a revenue issue and that we are fighting both the combination of paid-up policies driving premium down in the first sector space as well as the natural decline in net investment income year-over-year based on the rate environment. So, that's what we've been fighting. It's really been a revenue fight, not an expense issue. That continues to be with us as we go into 2018. The difference being though we are, in fact, stepping up some of our investment on digital and technology really with the idea of driving long-term efficiencies and driving growth. So, my comments, Tom, are really more specific to the expense ratio. Meanwhile, our benefit ratio is doing much better in Japan and is doing much better mainly because of the mix-related issues. So, as we do pull back on first sector and continue to grow our third sector business, we're seeing a shift in earned premium towards third sector, which naturally carries a more favorable benefit ratio. As I've mentioned, year-over-year, that's contributed 100 basis points to our benefit ratio. And as a result, we actually lowered our long-term guidance for benefit ratio range over the next three years. So, bottom line, i.e., pre-tax profit margin, we would expect to continue at a relatively stable level with what we've experienced in 2017.
Frederick John Crawford: Yes, in general. In general, Tom, obviously, there's a lot of moving parts as you can imagine, but in general, when it comes to pre-tax profit margin, we end up holding to a stable margin with those two elements offsetting.
Frederick John Crawford: It doesn't. The ESR comments that we've made at the FAB Meeting in kind of where we're following are not impacted by the branch conversion. It's really a uniquely ESR calculation and whether a branch or subsidiary, it doesn't adjust our calculations.
Frederick John Crawford: I think a helpful comment is that obviously Aflac is not unique in its strategy as it relates to the rate environment in Japan, and we've seen all the peer companies really start pulling back on yen-based first sector savings products. And so, where we're really in the pack, if you will, in terms of our approach to doing that, what makes us different is that we've got such a robust and wide-ranging third sector product dynamic, but this is what makes things like the income product so important and a renewed focus on first sector protection product where you'll see more product development coming out on that front. Those are going to be important products for us to build for the very purpose of your question, and that is making sure that our agencies can make a living and generate income.
Frederick John Crawford: Yes, I think the answer is, yes, although accelerated by the paid-up policies, you're naturally seeing a little bit of additional runoff, although it's predominantly the paid-up dynamic. I say that because earned premium on the third sector side has been growing at a decent rate, low-single-digit type growth rates of third sector premium. So, I would say it's predominantly the paid-up premium dynamic, and that will start to slow. As I mentioned, I think, at FAB, we're running at around ¥55 billion, ¥60 billion estimate of paid-up premium in 2017. That will be cut effectively in half in 2018, and then again, cut in half in 2019. So, that pressure, if you will, starts to taper. And as a result, we'll start to see more of an offset between third sector premium growth and first sector premium decline. But realize, in addition to the paid-up policies, we have in fact, obviously, pulled back substantially from just the outright sale of first sector savings, and that certainly doesn't – weighs on your growth rate. Lapse rates are very low on first sector savings products. They tend to hover around 1%, sometimes a bit above 1%, this is excluding paid-up policy dynamics, it's just pure lapse. So, you have a very, very slow runoff, but when you're not selling any savings-related products of any magnitude, that will catch up to your premium, but remember, this is an economic decision that we made. You need to sort of wrap your head around the idea of what is the economic value of the relative premium between third sector and first sector. So, while it is affecting negatively our GAAP results, we are seeing FSA earnings or said differently, cash flow pick up, because we're allocating much less in the way of capital towards that product, and it's a product that is very capital heavy and we think the relative economic value of third sector we don't think we know is substantially better than first sector savings products and some of the tail risk and interest rate risk that comes with it. So, even though it's a headwind on GAAP-type results, it's a tailwind on economic value development.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide from Aflac Japan. I would like to explain about new product cycle. And in terms of medical insurance, competitive environment is becoming much more fierce. And so, the product that we have seen has a coverage or benefit changes and the premiums are going down. So, what we need to do is always watch out for what competitors are doing and then perhaps follow up on other companies' product or we may want to take a step ahead in the competition. So, as a result, we have been able to secure – we have been trying to secure our share by revising our product in a relatively short cycle between a year or two in medical insurance. And by following the cycle that I have mentioned, we have been able to revise our new medical product in February this year and as a result, we have had good sales of this product. Now, let me touch upon the cancer insurance. Since we have an overwhelming position in the Japanese cancer insurance market and with advancement of a treatment technology and also taking into account of the environmental changes of cancer insurance or cancer itself and so our policy is to develop product that customer really needs. So, therefore, compared with the medical insurance, the product development cycle is longer, which is three to four years. And we have been able to maintain a leading position in the cancer insurance under this policy with a new product development and we have been continuing with this policy. And that's all from me.
Masatoshi Koide: Well, first of all, in terms of the first sector products, I think we need to divide the first sector products into two types. One is savings-type first sector products and the other is protection-type first sector products. And what we think is needed as a first sector product to maintain our relationship with our agencies is the protection-type first sector products. And we will continue to strategically sell this product going forward as well. And we revised our product, GIFT, in February this year and even after the rate change, this product is selling very well.
Masatoshi Koide: This is Koide again from Aflac Japan. The fact that LDP that Prime Minster Abe is leading, we were expecting that his party will win. So, as a result, since Abe administration will continue and his economic policy is not likely to change significantly, as a result, we are not seeing any material impact to our business. That's it from me.
Daniel P. Amos: I'd like to make one other comment about it. When Koide mentioned aggressive competitive environment, that really had changed. It's been aggressive for years and we constantly are on top of it, but the pattern that I have seen in sales is no real change. The only change that I really see – and we basically told you that the second half were tough comparisons. So, the third quarter and the fourth quarter should be no shock to anybody what we've said. We are ending up in the range we told you. And then, for next year, it's simply because of the shift of that product that will be one of the reasons, but let's be clear, the hardest part is not the competition, it's the comparables of growing from ¥70 billion of new sales to ¥85 billion of new sales and just the law of numbers becoming tougher, but all-in-all, I'm very pleased with the results of what's going on in our sales department.
Daniel P. Amos: I'm going to go ahead and answer that. I still believe it's a strong product. Sales agents take the path of least resistance. And when the medical product came out, they jumped back on it and moved away from this other product. As we've experienced, if you go back years to introduction of accident or other things, it took a while to get to sales force into it. You need to pay some clients. You need to be able to use those as examples. It's just going to take time. It isn't going as fast as I would like, but I still am very encouraged. And I've been in Japan twice since August and had a lot of discussions with this and we've got some contests that are small that are coming up that we'll do in the first quarter and continue to try to push it. But anytime you're doing something brand new, especially when it's never been out there at all for the industry, the good news is they have enormous potential. The bad news is that it's new and people don't know exactly what to do with it yet. But time will tell, but I'm convinced it's going to be a winner. It's just going to take a little while.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah. Well, first of all, it's tough comparison in the first quarter. Let me be clear. Our strongest quarter was the first quarter in terms of percentage increase. So, that's the first thing I'll tell you and the first quarter will be much harder than the second quarter. But in addition to that, it's because the first quarter we won't have a new product, we believe that with all we've got going on with the conversion, and we expect it to be on time, we don't want to have anything going on with the systems that will separate us from any issues that might occur. So, we just decided to delay the product introduction until the second half of the year or certainly in late second quarter after the conversion is done. So, it's just the delay time on it. So, I look for a stronger second half versus a stronger first half, which we saw this year.
Daniel P. Amos: Plus what the question that he is really asking is at what level do we need to hold? And the answer is, we're getting very close to that level. So, I would say somewhere in this range within 20% kind of gives you a range to note, but we are very close now.
Daniel P. Amos: I'd like to add too, if you adjust for the year-to-date paid-up products on an in-force premium basis, we're about flat with where we were at third quarter last year.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, I would tell you that there would be perhaps some benefit, although I believe that ACA benefit starts to fade a bit here as we move forward. I will tell you from a financial planning perspective, and we're in the midst of our financial planning work right now, of which we'll then talk more about that obviously on our outlook call, first week of December. We're not going to necessarily assume this type of effective tax rate going forward. The main driver of the lower effective tax rate, as you mentioned, is really specifically the treatment of option related – stock option related compensation. And really, what it is, is that essentially the expensing of it for tax purposes is dealt with using a fair market value of the options as they're exercised. And so, when your stock price has been doing as well as it has throughout the year and you see naturally a level of stock-option exercising, you then will see this benefit run through your effective tax rate. This actually has always been part of the accounting. It's just that previously to January, when the new accounting came into place, it was run through equity and not through your earnings. And so, companies now are seeing this affect their tax rate. And so, that's a very difficult thing to project and predict. In general, one could say, if your stock price is traveling at these high levels and you expect there to be a natural level of continued option exercising, you should see a natural benefit. But internally, I would tell you, we're not planning for that, because it can be quite variable.
