Frederick John Crawford: So first of all, Randy, just a couple comments. You're correct. So, we repatriated an additional 60 billion yen, as you know, in the fourth quarter, roughly US$500 million. That has built up a liquidity position at the holding company which we're now spending down in the form of front-end loading the repurchase of approximately $1 billion of our $1.4 billion target in 2016. You're also correct to note that over the past few years, we have benefited somewhat from elevated repatriation and cash flow related to these reinsurance transactions. I would note, however, that we've had a balanced approach to the use of proceeds, if you will, or freed up capital from reinsurance, roughly 40% or so dedicated to shoring up our SMR ratio and protecting the capital strength of our insurance franchise, the remaining 60% then repatriated only after being comfortable with our capital ratios. That is roughly the same type of approach that we would take going forward if we did, in fact, continue to entertain reinsurance transactions. Right now, we're out there with a long-range guidance of 2015 to 2017 of excess capital of $6.3 billion to $7.5 billion. We remain consistent in that number. The difference between $6.3 billion and $7.5 billion is tied up in excess capital, some of which is in Japan and could be unlocked via reinsurance. Our basic approach to that, Randy, is to be opportunistic and defensive, meaning if there are compelling opportunities to unlock and go through the exercise of unlocking that excess capital for redeployment at higher returns, we'll entertain that. We also don't want to be defensive. As we make our way through market volatility and watch things unfold over the next year or two, we want to be equally careful to recognize that excess capital needs to be held and in some cases to defend the balance sheet. So, it's a balanced approach. We don't have any reinsurance dialed into our estimates for 2016 as I mentioned on the outlook call, but we'll continue to watch markets unfold and look for opportunities.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. So, first part of your question, we continue to maintain healthy reinsurance relationships. And in fact, we've even got commitments, if you will, for unfunded reinsurance that allows us the flexibility to pull down reinsurance if necessary for either defensive or offensive moves. And that's largely a healthy approach because we're talking about health businesses and morbidity risk, which is an attractive type of risk to take in the capital markets these days by reinsurers. And because it's unaffected by capital market volatility, it tends to be something we can count on with reliability. So I'm not at all concerned about the nature of the discussions with reinsurers and our access to reinsurance. The issue is more whether or not it makes sense from a capital strength standpoint or an opportunity standpoint to entertain any of those transactions. And then in terms of the second part of your question, as I mentioned in my comments, we're very well positioned relative to low-for-long interest rates. And that is not my concern relative to balance sheet. It's an issue relative to watching our earnings trajectory going forward, as I've mentioned, but it's not a balance sheet issue as we have very little relative liabilities exposed to low-for-long rates. The bigger issue is whether or not we're entering into the early stages of a credit cycle and being careful about that. All eyes are on, of course, the energy market and commodities. But more broadly, we need to be careful about whether or not a mild or moderate credit cycle is in front of us. And so it's a good time to be careful. I think spreads have widened, which is usually a signal; downgrades are outpacing upgrades modestly right now, even beyond the energy sector. So, we have to be careful to watch that. But as I said, we're particularly well positioned. And we naturally have a defensive general account because we haven't been as aggressive as many in the industry in terms of entering into more volatile asset classes. We're just starting to begin that.
Frederick John Crawford: In terms of the hedge program, maybe I'll ask Eric to make some comments on kind of where we stand relative to the cost structure.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. I think the decisions around reporting hedge costs below the line were largely predicated on the notion of these costs being highly sensitive to short-term interest rate fluctuations as you pointed out, Nigel, in your comment. So, that sort of mark-to-market, if you will, fluctuations in costs we felt was better depicted below the line. But most importantly, we are transparent in it and have created a line item around it because we realized that in this particular case, we're making a judgment call as to the definition of our operating earnings and you're now free to model it and track how those costs are moving. So that's fundamentally our position as to why we treat it below the line.
Frederick John Crawford: Well, the hedging costs obviously factor into what we would call the net yield on our dollar program as compared to investing in other alternatives, JGBs and the like. So those hedging costs factor into our thinking about the relative attractiveness of the dollar program. It also can factor into how much of the dollar investment program we want to leave unhedged at times based on our view of the market. So, it factors into the investment strategy predominantly. I would also add that those hedging costs also play into even our actuarial testing work, and so we also embed, for example, hedge costs including the rising hedge costs into our long-term cash flow testing and gross premium valuation work. And as I mentioned earlier, we're quite comfortable in terms of margins. So, it does play in. But I think the way we look at it, Jimmy, is more from a net yield perspective. It is really sort of an NII-driven view of those costs as opposed to maybe a conventional operating cost.
Frederick John Crawford: Sure. Seth, just a couple comments. I would not over-read accelerated investment into the expense ratio in the fourth quarter, that there was some acceleration of expenses into the fourth quarter. But as my comments and my prepared remarks, we would expect our expense ratio in 2016 to fall back down within the guidance range that we provided for the year. You had a couple things going on expense-wise. You had some acceleration of expenses. You had some miscellaneous items running through the expense line, which will happen from quarter-to-quarter. It didn't naturally fluctuate. One other item I would note is that we did have a bit more DAC amortization in the quarter. And in fact we believe this relates also to a modestly improved benefit ratio in the period, and that while lapse rates were not unusually outside our expectation, what lapsed in terms of the mix of business that lapsed, tended to be policies that were carrying higher reserves and higher DAC balances. As a result, it tended to push up a better benefit ratio, if you will, or improve our benefit ratio, I should say, and pushed up our expense ratio a little bit. Estimates, in and around 100 basis points, but I would certainly say approximately, just to give you an idea. So, on the expense side, we would expect to settle back down into our guidance. I do think you should expect what has been a natural seasonal pattern here at the company that we tend to move through the year well within the ranges, but it's not uncommon for us to see a little bit of an elevated expense ratio in the fourth quarter.
Frederick John Crawford: It's really predominantly just a continuation of favorable results. As you know, we have been traveling in and around that benefit ratio in Japan of just 60% to 61% for a while here, and so the fourth quarter was modestly favorable. I would say outside of just trends continue to be generally favorable. I mentioned in my comments that we did have some actuarial adjustments in the period, which are quite normal, frankly, every quarter, but also included some year-end adjustments. On a net basis, that contributed a bit to the positive out-performance. We didn't spike it out in dollar terms or basis point terms because some of these adjustments are quite normal each quarter. But we did benefit a little bit from actuarial adjustments on a net basis. As a result, I would expect that you should see our benefit ratios in Japan fall back into line with the benefit ratio guidance for 2016 we provided.
Frederick John Crawford: Boy, Tom, I'd be reluctant to kind of opine to a number at this point in time. I'd have to look at it, to be candid. So we'll take a look at it and maybe take that type of analysis offline. It strikes me that you're trying to reconcile a model to get to the right number to think about and maybe we can work on that internally.
Frederick John Crawford: Well, the reason I'm hesitating is you've got a portfolio of maturities related to those hedge instruments that range in tenure from short to longer as in 3 months to 18 months. We've been stringing it out, as I mentioned in my comments, which shelters us against sharp swings, if you will, in hedge costs in any given year. So I want to think about that (57:54).
Frederick John Crawford: I would just, Tom, we were able to do some quick math here. Assuming 130 basis points to 140 basis points, which I think on realized for this year will be lower than that. On an after-tax basis, we are probably looking at about $110 million. And that's probably on the high side because I think our realized hedge costs this year will be lower than the annualized cost where it is now.
Paul S. Amos II: Jimmy, let me begin by saying that the 13.4% increase in sales last year creates your first hurdle. You're correct we're up against very difficult comparisons and that's going to persist throughout the year. We do believe that we'll have a strong year, but without a product launch of one of our major core products, that being a complete revitalization of either our cancer or medical plans, we are in a year where we're going to have what we consider to be more moderate product launches and therefore, we believe that the sales comparisons, especially against such a large year, will be difficult. We have some product launches, smaller in nature that we'll look forward in the first half of the year, and then as I mentioned on the outlook call, we'll be launching a completely new product line that we believe will enhance the second half of the year. That said, as is in the case in Japan, when you do things that are brand-new to the company, they tend to have a much slower adoption rate as well as a much slower rate of usage by different channels as we both negotiate with those channels as well as teach them the process for sales of that product. And so, we expect 2016 to be a year where we are enhancing our products and opening up new potential growth, but we expect the majority of that growth to happen beyond 2016. Unfortunately, I can't go into the specifics about the products themselves, but we feel very comfortable with our plan and our plan for 2017 and 2018 beyond that.
Paul S. Amos II: Yeah, be glad, this is Paul, be glad to talk about that. When we think about first sector products, as we've mentioned in the past, we really divide it into two categories. First is a lump sum product, second area is more of the level-premium products. With those lump sum products, we believe that especially given the low interest rate environment, it is not in our best interest to focus on those products. And as a result, we've put strong pressure on those sales. We've put caps in place and we believe that the lump sum will be down as much as 50% or more in 2016. As it relates to our level-premium products, however, we believe those still are a strong enhancement to our portfolio primarily because of the cross sale that we're getting with our traditional third sector products with cancer and medical, and those products continue to be an overall positive for us. We believe that the sales of those will remain relatively flat for the foreseeable future. In terms of the BOJ impact to our third sector products, as this point, we don't expect it to have a significant impact. The level of overall competition in third sector products, especially in medical, remains high, but we don't expect there to be any short-term impact to expedite or make that much faster. Hope that answers it.
Paul S. Amos II: Well, I believe that the execution of our cancer sales was really about the leader of our sales force, Koji Ariyoshi, who is here on the call, continuing to guide our sales force in our different channels to continue to sell our product, because of the launch of that product a little over year ago, a year and a quarter ago, has continued to maintain strong momentum. I get the competition, and overall there's a high demand both in our traditional channels as well as through Japan Post. And so I believe that is a potential positive that we will see continuation; however, the difficult comparisons that you come up against throughout this year do make us believe that there will be a downward trend in the overall sales, but we do believe that the product remains highly demanded and is still the best product in the market today.
Paul S. Amos II: I think the driver, quite frankly, is the compensation. We basically are paying for performance with regard to U.S. and part of the compensation drive is the recruiting fees. We are seeing that recruiting in many of our markets have been a struggle in the past, but has not been as much of a struggle right now and it's because, quite frankly, we focused on recruiting.
Daniel P. Amos: And Jimmy, I want to add one thing. This time last year, where we thought we would be in 2016 is actually going to be there or even a little higher because if you combine the 13% last year, and then the down this year, the combined is still higher than where we thought it would be. We just happen to being able to have enrolled and penetrated the market for Japan Post even faster than we thought we would, and so I think that's part of the reason.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me just say one thing about sales and that is that if you go back in the past, there was a real conflict between the brokers and our individual agents. And we probably are the – of all the companies out there, with that strong distribution network we've got, they're very important and you can't just forget them. And the thing I liked about sales in 2015 is, we were able to keep our sales numbers for our core agents continue to grow. We had them concentrate more on less-than-100, and we were up about 3%, I think, or 2.5%...
Daniel P. Amos: A 5.3% increase in the less-than-99 sales and then overall, our individual agents were up about 2.5%. And then our brokers were up – the difference is broker isn't (45:15) bigger number as of yet. But being able to manipulate or maneuver I should say, is that maneuver in that space to where we can keep our agents happy and the brokers happy has been our challenge. But we are accomplishing that. And it's slow and tedious because they were competitors at one time. Even though they weren't direct competitors, our agents were always calling on these big accounts even though they weren't landing them, and the brokers didn't like that. Now they're working together as a team and I think with time there's enormous potential for that market to continue to grow.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah. So on the profitability what I would say, John, is we have not really broken out at this point in time, sort of segmented profitability metrics on group versus individual, broker sold versus agent sold. So I'm not in a position to bust that out for you. What I would tell you is that we certainly priced the product with the notion of meeting our return expectations and obviously, more than and comfortably covering our cost of capital. So the returns are good in our view and priced appropriately. I think we're right in line with competitive pricing in the marketplace. I don't view ourselves as being priced to drive business growth. I think we're doing it the old-fashioned way. What I would say is because we're in such a growth mode on the group side, we're obviously investing heavier in the group platform to absorb that growth and build for further growth. So because it's been a relatively recent pick up in broker group sales, we are heavily investing in that ways down on a reported, if you will, returns, but over long term, we would expect to achieve returns that are commensurate with what we've achieved individually.
Daniel P. Amos: And let me make one other comment about that. The reason it's skewed that way is not the major brokers. There's two forms of brokers, there's in Columbus a small regional broker that maybe I do buy my property-casualty insurance business from and then there is these massive enormous brokers. And the regional brokers perform more like our sales agents to some degree. And the big brokers, of course, are writing the big accounts and do it totally different. So that's why this skew is more towards 60%, 70%.
Daniel P. Amos: Our Risk Officer and Chief Actuary just said that 40% of our business in the fourth quarter came from broker; is that correct? Okay. That's your answer.
Daniel P. Amos: Sure. The total dollar program is about $21 billion, but the hedges are on about $14 billion to $15 billion of that portfolio. Robin can follow-up with the very specific numbers, but that's approximately right because some of that portfolio we do leave unhedged. It's a hedge against our equity in the branch and about $14 billion-plus is hedged.
Daniel P. Amos: One last thing you might want to know. I just got this number from them. It's 33 (51:54) for the year for broker and it's 40 (51:57) for the fourth quarter. So you can figure it's 30 (51:59) for the first three quarters and 40 (52:03) for the fourth quarter.
Daniel P. Amos: Sure. A couple of things. One is really just favorable claims experience in general. And so that has been the case for a while. While I think that aspect of it is stabilizing, it's been favorable and remains favorable. The other dynamic that I mentioned is that, in this particular quarter, we also had lapse rates played in, meaning not so much how much lapsed, but the nature of the product that lapsed in the period. The product tended to carry, on average, higher reserves, and so there was a greater release of reserves, if you will, related to the lapsation. This also, as I mentioned, played into accelerated DAC amortization and weighed on the expense ratio. As we look at the year-over-year trend, as I mentioned earlier, we would approximate the impact of that dynamic to be in and around 100 basis points related to benefit ratio improvements. Again, that's based on the actuarial information we have and analyzing the nature of products that lapsed. So I think that mix of business in lapsation that will go on from quarter-to-quarter. This is not an unusual quarter. The mix of business will be different from time to time. We'll monitor it going forward, but right now, we hold to the benefit ratio guidance that we've provided on the U.S.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah. I would add two comments, Tom. First, just to give some specific numbers to the question earlier, the dollar program in total is $21.6 billion. Of that, $14.2 billion is hedged. But it's also relevant to your question that ties into part to Fred's answer. Remember what I said earlier, we now have a portfolio of hedge instruments of different types and we stratify the maturities of those. So when I say hedge costs are 130 basis points to 140 basis points, those are current annualized hedge costs. Our realized hedge costs will most likely over time be lower than the annualized. So to Fred's point to answer your question specifically requires a little bit of putting it down on paper. But also not all of our hedges are forwards. So those hedge costs pertain to forward contracts. Predominantly, we are in forwards, but we do use collar instruments as well. And collars could have a settlement, but that will be more dependent on the level of the yen where it settles versus how we strike the collars and currently, we have about $1.2 billion or so of collars and the rest are forwards. So it's a little bit more complex to answer your question. But I would say this for today, your $200 million number is overstating it.
Daniel P. Amos: It depends on the definition of meaningfully. But I suspect it's a number that's lower than $175 million off the top today.
Teresa L. White: Well, certainly, the broker – this is Teresa. Certainly, the broker market, it continues to be a market where we have not seen the penetration that we'd like to see, but we are going in the right direction there. The individual, less than 100 case market as well continues to be a great opportunity for Aflac. It's pretty much our bread and butter and we continue to work in that market. But I think that the market growth is in the broker market and that's really how we are developing our strategies and plans.
Teresa L. White: At this point, what we're doing is we're looking at the current brokers that we have and we're driving penetration with those brokers. We've seen a 27% increase in our top 100 brokers, but right now, I don't have specifics that I can give you as it relates to penetration. Once we gain a little bit more knowledge as to how we want to report that, we'll start reporting in our FAB, in the booklets.
Teresa L. White: And I'll just mention one thing, one of the things that I'd like to make sure that we don't assume is that all brokers write group products. 60% of broker sales were individually written product, is our core individually written product. So just wanted to make that comment.
Teresa L. White: So, when we look at the skewing of business through the fourth quarter, what we saw is that from a traditional side, we did see a small list, and I think that that was primarily based on the Affordable Care Act and the dates that enrollments needed to be in place for the Affordable Care Act, because remember they deal with small case brokers as well. But we did see a large skew of volume, especially group, as Dan said, the larger brokerage houses basically will do group product. So from a group perspective, we saw 50% of the group business come in the fourth quarter, but 40% came in December. So we saw a huge shift of business, which had not been a shift that we'd had before from an Aflac perspective.
Teresa L. White: Just a second. Let me make sure I get that number from my actuary (55:20). 32% increase in the fourth quarter for group sales.
