Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you, Fred. Now we're ready to take your questions. But first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow up that relates to that initial question. All right, we're now ready to take the first question please.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Jay, you need to look at last fourth quarter, too, and that will give you some sense of really where it's going.
Robin Y. Wilkey: Okay. Thank you, Kriss. And before we go, I want to share with all of you what's been mentioned before, that on December 3 at 9 a.m., we will have our scheduled earnings outlook call for 2016 to discuss our expectations for 2016. So I hope you'll all join us. We will be sending out a reminder as we always do, but again, that is December 3 at 9 a.m. Eastern Standard Time. And please feel free to call us in investor relations if you have any questions and thank you very much for joining us this morning. Bye-bye.
Paul S. Amos II: This is Paul. First of all, we see our overall relationship with Japan Post continuing to be very strong. I'll ask Yamauchi-san to weigh in on the recent announcement of the two different points that are very different between the United States and Japan of that partnership. But overall, I do believe that our partnership through the IPO is something that has been very consistent. They are very proud of the work that has happened in the partnership between Aflac and Japan Post and we have no reason to believe that there will be any pressuring on margins or change in commissions. I think at this point, we are focused highly on continuing to grow the distribution through the now fully expanded 20,000 post offices and we continue to focus on executing through the new cancer plan that both – was specifically developed for Japan Post as well as the regular product that they're also selling.
Paul S. Amos II: This is Paul. The sales do meet our expectations. What we didn't expect, in all likelihood, was the continued success of our cancer plan. But Ariyoshi-san, who is the head of sales and marketing in Japan, directed our sales force to continue to push hard on the overall cancer sales, while also focusing, to some extent, on the medical sales. So within our range of expectations, we are happy with how it turned out. We do believe the medical product will continue to grow in its sales. But right now we're very happy with how long the cancer product has continued to sell at such strong increases.
Paul S. Amos II: Well, I think we put out a 15% expectation for the first three quarters of the year, and we came in considerable higher than that, almost double that. And so it is in part driven by the success in the first half of the year and the 34.5% sales that we had in the third quarter. That said, we are also seeing somewhat better trends in the fourth quarter. We're mindful of where those are going so far, but we're happy and I think that the 10% to 13% is reflective of improvement on both.
Paul S. Amos II: This is Paul. I very much appreciate what you're trying to get at, but just based on our partnership deal, we do not continue to give out those numbers. We did communicate to you at the FAB, Dan specifically talked about the fact that the first 10,000 post offices represented a much larger proportion of the potential sales than did the second 10,000 post offices. But what I can just tell you is right now we're very much in line with what we want to see in the Japan Post partnership and we're very happy with how things are progressing.
Paul S. Amos II: As Dan said, the large fourth quarter we had last year was representative of the very strong launch to our new cancer plan. And so the previous three quarters this year have been going up against no cancer plan to previous year, and so we'll be going up again for the first time that strong cancer sales in the fourth quarter of last year. And so I think it is reflective of what we expect to be a progressive increase of the medical plan, while at the same time having to go up against the very strong numbers from the launch of the cancer plan in 2014.
Paul S. Amos II: The other thing I would say is, is when we first started selling WAYS, we just picked up as much business as we could, based – and a lot of people bought it just on the yield and that was it. We've now moved away from that totally, in telling our field force they want an overall arching program that they can offer to a consumer that will cover their life insurance needs, their health insurance needs, and any aspect that they might have. So that's what we're trying to do is to cover them in their entirety. But we are definitely continuing to de-emphasize these type products and we will continue to going forward until we see changes in the interest rate environment going forward.
Paul S. Amos II: I'll start, this is Paul. To your question, we have continued to see the overall cancer sales be stronger than we originally anticipated. That is even pushing through into this quarter. Therefore, we have not put as strong an emphasis on selling the medical plan at this time and selling its new riders. So do I expect the medical plan to be strong and to grow over time? I expect it to grow over time but to have a slower launch than we might have expected, when we do a product and the previous product has already run its course. We really want to see this cancer product sell for as long and as well as we can sell it, especially through our traditional channels who are very invigorated by this cancer plan and the ability to speak to not only our existing customers, but to new customers that they've never had access to before.
Paul S. Amos II: I do not think it's because of the competitiveness of medical, otherwise we would be pushing that much harder right now. It has much more to do with the excitement around the cancer plan and the continued success that our sales force is having. As you've seen, there is such a strong cross-sell between the cancer plan and the 15-pay ways and longer, that's eating up a lot of the premium that we're selling to those individual customers. But we will be going back to them with the medical plan in the future.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me say, Jimmy, you can tell Yamauchi is very encouraged about this new announcement with the elderly, but the answer to your question is just simply, it's going as well or better than we expected and we see nothing but good things ahead in the future.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, Jimmy, we've got to have an 8% increase in the fourth quarter. The real change here is the way this broker business comes in, it all now comes in, in the fourth quarter. And it makes me nervous and Teresa and everybody else nervous, will it come through. And we've got a pipeline that we know what's out there and we know there's more business out in the pipeline this year than in previous years, because this really started a year ago as you saw we were up 14% in the fourth quarter of last year. So we're not sure how good that pipeline is, but our gut tells us that it should be and that we're expecting a good fourth quarter, but we'll have to monitor it and see. And as I said in the call, the last five weeks of the fourth quarter will bring in as much business, or close to as much as – probably 45/55 as it did in the first eight weeks. So we won't know till the end of the quarter. But we do like what we're seeing in the pipeline from a broker perspective and what will take place. And then also, our 100 or less that we're writing in our Columbus, in career, is really working well and Teresa is doing a good job in that area and I'm very pleased with that.
Daniel P. Amos: You know, I can't remember. I've been around here a long time. I can't remember 12 months of a 28% increase in sales in Japan in a long, long time. And that's what we've got from October 1 through September 30 here. So we're just so proud of the job they're doing at Aflac Japan with that.
Daniel P. Amos: I was just going to say, we're just looking at overall that we've just finished 12 months with a 28% increase. And I think to try to break it down into 13 weeks is just getting too much into the minutia of how we see it. Overall, let me just say that we're extremely pleased with what's going on, and we will be excited if we finish in the 10% to 13% range, which we totally expect to do. And so how it breaks out by product? Remember, the profitability are close to the same, so we don't care how the agents write it. So we don't look to say, oh, please don't sell cancer, please sell medical. Or please sell cancer, don't sell medical, one or the other. It doesn't matter to us. So we don't break it out that way in terms of looking at it. Now we do look at life insurance where we've been on it, watching it, staying very close. But on cancer and medical, we really don't care how it comes in.
Daniel P. Amos: Really. Now that's always in the fourth quarter. It's not during the year. But the fundamental growth of less than 100, Teresa and her team are doing a great job in stabilizing that and continuing to have that grow, especially through Everwell and the 50 or less. So we are encouraged about that. But it's this fourth quarter that's an anomaly because of the way the group presentations come in, and we specifically work to where each case might have a different product. So it's tailored to them, and that's what causes the issues.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. So, I mean I would say in general, this is the type of topic that we would also give a little bit more color on, on the outlook call. Right now our investment has been oriented around – in the U.S. has been oriented around what you know and that is the investment we've made to reconfigure the sales platform and drive better growth. We're going to have to look at the same sorts of things in the U.S. that we've been successful in achieving in Japan and that is keeping pace with the modernization and digitizing of our platform in the U.S. And those involve incremental investment. We have been making some of those investments along the way. So it doesn't necessarily suggest big deltas in things like expense ratios and so forth because we have been investing. But the pace of that investment is going to have to react to the market opportunity. And that's how we will approach it. When we see there's opportunity to go after that requires a level of investment and argues for our capital, then we'll want to do that for our shareholders. And that's the type of color and we'll give you more context for that when we get to the outlook call.
Daniel P. Amos: Yeah, I think the range we have out there attempts to accommodate some of these unusual items. But when we talk about carving positives out of our numbers, we typically mean that to carve it out for the purposes of guidance and going forward.
Teresa L. White: This is Teresa. From a U.S. perspective, we have a lot of moving parts going on. As Dan said in his talk, we are rebuilding that distribution and restructuring. We feel good about some things that we are seeing. We have looked at all of the markets. We're assessing market book of business, how they're managing those markets, training programs, recruiting practices and we're driving consistency and collaboration across the broker and career channels. So we feel good about what we're doing. It's taken a little bit longer for us to get there, longer obviously than we would like. But we are seeing more markets that are achieving the 5% increase in year-over-year sales. There's been a tremendous amount of change in the way our business is coming in. And I think Dan spoke a little bit about that. We know that we're going to get a tremendous amount of business in the fourth quarter and I think we've been saying that from the beginning. So we're reviewing a lot of our modeling to project that. So we feel pretty good about the low end of the range and we see a lot of activities within the markets that look positive to us at this point.
Teresa L. White: Certainly. We basically look at the pipeline from the perspective of groups that have agreed to offer Aflac policies. And that pipeline is weighed based on where they are, and so this is mostly the large group. It's mostly the large group segment and it's weighed based on where we are in the process. So there is a piece of the process that looks at commitment to offer the product, and then as you go further down the pipeline, we basically have – have they submitted all of the enrollment materials, have we set them up for enrollment, and so there are varying places in the pipeline up to the enrollment. And what we do is we look at the percent increase year-over-year to assess whether we have the constructive increase in that pipeline and today what we see is a double-digit increase in the pipeline from last year to this year apples-to-apples compare. And group insurance, it's usually group insurance and not individual insurance when we're talking about that.
Teresa L. White: Couple of things. It may be that they decide to move the date of enrollments. And so it may migrate down the pipeline, so – not down the pipeline, but they would change the date of the enrollment. So it will move it from one quarter to the next. Couple of other things that may change it are that they decide that they're not going to adjust their benefit packages for that year and they hold with the current benefit offering that they have. Or they decide not to offer any voluntary benefits at all. But we don't think that they will, but we never know.
Teresa L. White: Yeah. Yeah. That's our assumption as well. Although we will have some, the natural sales that we have with our career agents, we do believe that we will skew towards the greater than 100 cases in the fourth quarter.
Frederick John Crawford: Thanks Jay. This is Fred. So where my comments were coming from, first, the adjustment in the quarter, let's make sure we understand that. So this was an adjustment to IBNR reserves related to our cancer business in Japan. And more specifically it was related to a subset of our IBNR that relates to what we characterize as tail related claims. So these would be longer duration claims or estimate of claims emerging typically longer than three years out. It's a relatively small portion of the total IBNR that we hold for cancer, but it's one that periodically, as in at least once a year, we do a more thorough examination of and test based on the trends we've been seeing in recent years. And so as you can see, our trends have been very good on the overall claims front. And so when we put these reserves, these particular tail reserves under review, we comfortably determine that there was margin in those reserves and we should take them down. So that's the ¥4.2 billion reduction that I referenced. And then I'm asking you to pull out, if you will, to think about the benefit ratios going forward. So my comments on the stability of benefit ratios is to first recognize that we have multiple businesses as you know in Japan, that have different benefit ratios and different benefit ratio and claims trends. But overall, when we pile them altogether and look at the overall Japan benefit ratio dynamic, we expect stability, but stability in third sector, particularly as you pull out that IBNR on the cancer side.
Frederick John Crawford: Yes, I think, first of all, we have a relatively wide margin, EPS margin, for the fourth quarter, and that's really the result of two things: one somewhat solving for the full year guidance range, which creates a larger fourth quarter range. The second is, of course, we have a range naturally based on our assumption for what the yen may do. We think in terms of the range being dictated by yen between ¥120 and ¥125. So that creates a wider range. But part of the reason we wanted to walk you through a couple of the normalizing items in the quarter was so that you could really roll forward our results in a fairly consistent way. So, at the moment, our expectation is for stability in the key earnings drivers as we roll forward, and we would leave it at that. At this point in time, I don't know enough to know what I would characterize as one-timers. The only comment I made is that we do do more thorough actuarial reviews in the third and fourth quarter, and as we sit here today we don't see any material adjustments coming from those reviews, but it's still early in the process.
Frederick John Crawford: Well, just to make a comment. So year-to-date we have grown – holding constant the yen, we've grown our operating earnings per share by about 2.9%. We've got guidance out there, full year guidance of 4% to 7%. Realize the fourth quarter last year, though, was a somewhat reduced earnings per share by virtue of accelerated expenses or accelerated spend. So it had a disproportionate weighing down on that EPS. So, again, my view is, as we sit here today, my comments were rolling forward and really consistency and stability in the earnings drivers as we sit here today and roll forward into the fourth quarter, and I don't see, at the moment, don't see any sharp moves, but again, it's very early in the quarter and I'm really talking specifically to the actuarial work, not so much other items that may appear naturally in a quarter.
Frederick John Crawford: That's one reason our cancer sales are up so much in the traditional channel, too. It's not limited to just the Post. We've also seen a big movement in our traditional channel in terms of sales. So they're tied together.
Frederick John Crawford: Yes. Essentially there's really nothing notable to speak to in the U.S. claims patterns. And I say that not to avoid the answer to the question, but we're just seeing decent stability there in claims. And overall, while there are pockets of up and down and pockets of persistency up and down, persistency has also been on overall hanging in there pretty well. So as has been the case at Aflac for many years, it's been a relatively stable platform from that perspective, benefit ratio and earnings drivers. It's been gradually favorable in recent years, but we see it as being a relatively stable outlook and nothing really notable in the patterns.
Frederick John Crawford: One thing I would comment on, Ryan, just in this quarter to be mindful of from a math perspective, as I mentioned the premium collection – reduction in the allowance for uncollectable premium. Obviously realize that that pumps up the numerator, if you will. And so that helps benefit the – optically it benefits both your benefit ratio and your expense ratio because your premium is pumped up a little bit when you make that adjustment. So be mindful of that this quarter. There is actually a really, really slight amount of normalization that you'd want to do on benefit ratios, but it's actually not related to claims. It's related to just premium being up a little bit.
Frederick John Crawford: Humphrey, it's not that simple. Certainly, as you watch JGBs grind down, that doesn't make the job any easier in terms of generating yield, but realize we've got a portfolio approach to backing these products, which includes among other things the dollar program, Eric's strategic asset allocation, and so we take somewhat of a blended strategic asset allocation portfolio yield approach, if you will, to the expected investment horizon. So, for example, recently we've seen treasuries and JGBs go down but spreads widen out to where new money could be put to work actually at even net more attractive levels as long as you're being careful in where you go with the money. So it's not quite as simple as pegging to a JGB. But certainly as you see JGB going down, you've got to keep in mind two things: one, obviously, more of a challenge to reinvest that money, but the other is you're having to gradually move towards lower assumptions for ongoing interest rates as it relates to pricing of the product, and so you end up having a gradually less competitive product in the marketplace. This is really an industry thing, not an Aflac issue. And so do you reach a point where it's just not as much a value proposition for the client as you'd hope and does the overall market start to get soft? So I think those are some of the dynamics, but it's not a one-for-one tied to JGB. It's not quite that simple, although directionally certainly doesn't help. One other thing I would say on third sector and some of the commentary around Japan Post. Be mindful of the difference between growth rates and just having a much larger engine now as we start January 1 versus January 1 of last year. The fact of the matter is we're just selling a more volume of product. Even though the comparables may be challenging, we have a net larger distribution engine that's driving simply more sales overall. So that growth rate really benefits you as you move forward and look particularly at premium growth rates and your in-force growth rates and the overall economic value that you've driven. So there will continue to be growth in my view in terms of value, even though you may occasionally look at comparable sales periods that don't look as attractive. Particularly when you know the dynamic with this is that it jumped out at a very strong level, which is not unusual when you build up all the advertising and marketing investment to really launch it, and that was the story in the fourth quarter of last year.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. First let me just say that my comments were not meant to preempt the December outlook call. And so when we get to December 3, we'll give you a little more context and color around these earnings drivers and margins. But if you were to adjust both the benefit ratios, so adjust the Japan benefit ratio for the IBNR adjustment and adjust the U.S. benefit ratio really just modestly for the premium kick-up related to the premium collection allowance, we're seeing relative stability in those margins. Certainly as we enter into the fourth quarter, as we get into 2016, we don't see things at the moment that would disrupt that. Realize that the mix of business can play a little bit with your benefit ratios. And so we'd want to understand the mix of business in Japan, particularly third sector versus first sector. And we'd want to understand some of the mix of business dynamics in the U.S. a little bit better. But we're not seeing things that suggest to us significant movement in those benefit ratios going forward. So we'll provide a little more color on this in the outlook call. I would also note that expense ratios, obviously in the recent year, have been slightly more elevated as we reinvest back in our platforms. I mentioned that in my comment. We also see stability there too, meaning we see a need to continue to reinvest in our platform to support the kind of growth you're seeing in Japan and to position ourselves for better growth in the U.S. So that stability comment I made – yeah, that stability comment I made goes both ways, so.
Frederick John Crawford: But let me just say something about our sales and what we've done there. I don't like sales at the level where they are, but I will say this, our organization is such that people are making less money if we don't achieve our objectives. And that's what it's all about, which means we make a little bit more, but that isn't the idea. We want the sales to be up and pay more. But we have corrected that and it is having an impact that I think ultimately will drive sales higher. But we're making sure that everyone shares in the pain. If we don't achieve our objectives, then they're going to feel it too. And if we do well, they can too.
Frederick John Crawford: I mean, I think – I'll ask Paul to expand on this, but I think you're thinking about it correctly in the sense of when I say driving households, I mean it from a couple of perspectives. One, the actual consolidated return on what we have provided to that household to your point, but the other is what value you see in that household and that agent relationship going forward as you continue to develop new product to sell to your existing block of business and clients and new clients. The other thing to consider is that you have agents making a living off of the building out of these households and the sale or potential sale of new product. And so it supports the growth of your agency force and stability and even retention and development of your agency force. And these are things that are difficult to put economics behind, but we all know they drive embedded value. So that's where I come from when I use the term household, is the support for the agency, the agency build-out, the ability to cross-sell and what might be the future, present value future sales dynamics related to having developed more households. One of the things we tend to lead within Japan is that we're in one in four households. And when you start the conversation with that, that suggests there to be a lot of opportunity you can develop by simply being in that position. And so it really benefits us.
Frederick John Crawford: I think we will have to wait until our December call to give you an update on that type stuff. We want something to be able to talk about in December, so don't take it all away from us.
