Frederick Crawford: Nigel, it's Fred. Let me comment on lapse rates. When we talk about -- as you know, we report our lapse rates on a trailing 12-month basis. And as a result, you'll see pressure in our reported lapse ratios year-over-year. And so what we have done is looked at our quarterly lapse rates seasonally adjusted when we make our comments about a recovery in lapse rates. And let me give you an idea.  Our lapse rate in the quarter, or said differently, our persistency in the quarter -- for the second quarter only was around 79%. And that is approximately equal to the pre-COVID levels of lapse rates that we tend to enjoy or persistency that we tend to enjoy in the second quarter. To give you an idea, before COVID, we would travel again around that 79% rate. It rose up into the 81% territory over the last couple of years, and we believe that's largely related to the state mandates that require keeping policies in place. As those started to expire and have now largely expired, we've traveled back into normal persistency.  In the first quarter, what spooked us is that our persistency in that quarter was around 74.5%, and that seasonally adjusted was about 200 basis points lower than we expect. We always expect the first quarter persistency to be lower because it has implications. It's timed related to annual enrollment process and year-end process, so it's normally a lower persisting quarter. But in this case, it traveled about 200 basis points lower than we would have expected, and that's what gave rise to our comments last quarter. So we're very pleased to see it recover back to normal seasonal adjustments in the second quarter, and that would be my comment there. We'll have to obviously monitor it as we go forward.  To my comments on inflation, I would tell you that we don't see necessarily the implications of inflation impacting lapse rates, per se. Right now, we haven't seen any evidence of that. But it's a very unusual inflationary period, and quite honestly, we don't have a lot of history of inflation at these levels and watching how our business behaves. And that's why I have some of the cautionary language. Thus far, I would tell you, we don't see any acute implications from inflation, but we simply want to note the fact that we're going to monitor that. Again, we see offsetting dynamics related to inflation, so we don't see this as having an impact to overall U.S. financial performance.
Frederick Crawford: I think essentially, where we face inflation is in just a couple of areas. One, predominantly is simply wage inflation, so your overall headcount and what we're all experiencing and seeing in the market with wage inflation and salary inflation. And we've got to do that. We've got to fall in line to retain and keep our talent, and we'll do so.  Having said that, for a company our size, our employment levels are quite manageable. I mean, we're a very large U.S. and Japan company, but we have 5,300 employees in the U.S. and approximately 7,000 in Japan. And so we don't have the type of business model that is overly concentrated from that perspective. And so therefore, the wage inflation numbers, while they do apply pressure, they're more manageable.  There's also certain contracts that we have, and quite frankly, the industry has that will have inflation riders. And so certain IT and servicing contracts often have inflationary provisions that kick into place when inflation gets out of control. That can also calm back down as inflation gets back into control. Overall, what I would tell you is inflation in and of itself is not causing us to rethink our guidance on expense ratios.  The bigger moves on expense ratios is what I noted in the fact that we're heavily investing in growth platforms. We're very pleased to see that the growth is coming through in those platforms, as I mentioned in my comments. But it's going to -- that's really going to weigh on expense ratios in the U.S. more than inflationary pressure issues.
Frederick Crawford: That's correct. Basically, you would see as the locked-in hedge costs roll off and we go into a new level of hedge costs in Japan, you would see those hedge costs increase. But then that same increase would be offset by increased hedge income at the corporate level so that there'd be no effective impact to the enterprise. And then also keep in mind what Eric said, that of the $12 billion in floating rate portfolio, our hedge instruments are around $4 billion notional. And so we still have an ability to enjoy outside net investment income despite the rise in hedge costs.
Frederick Crawford: Well, they are two different topics. What I would tell you -- if what you're saying is would you accelerate your initiatives and actually increase the pace of investment with added net investment income, we're not really adjusting our plans around NII up or down. The plans we have around investing in our platform are really related to core growth in earned premium, policies in force, sales and overall efficiency measures. So it really would not render any impact on those plans.  And I do want to highlight, as Dan mentioned in his comments, we are very much at work in terms of addressing the long-term expense structure, both in Japan and in the U.S., and have several initiatives underway to drive productivity improvements and efficiency improvements. Those do require near-term investment, but we have plans in place to help our expense dynamics and certainly combat any inflationary pressure as we go forward. But none of that, Suneet, is really impacted by watching NII move up and down.
Frederick Crawford: I think perhaps Koide-san can address that. We can add our color here in the U.S., But Koide-san, maybe address your views of the Diet conversation in September.
Frederick Crawford: So I would also just note something that I think is perhaps obvious, but just to be clear. This is really not uniquely an Aflac issue. The major insurance companies in Japan are all facing substantial increased claims activity on medical policies. In fact, we're not even among the top few in terms of the volume of claims we have relative to other peers in the industry, domestic insurers with large platforms. So this is really broadly based.  We can't confirm some of these statistics, but there's been recent news articles suggesting that the amount of claims paid in the month of June, for example, under medical policies was up nearly twelvefold over the same time period last year this time. So it is absolutely pressuring the system. And we think that the legislative community in Japan is taking this under consideration and realizing they've got to contemplate a change in the law.
Frederick Crawford: One thing back on Japan to just make sure that you're capturing is, again, when it comes to these COVID cases we're talking about, just want to make sure you take to heart Max's comments and Dan's comments and my script comments, and that is the very same dynamic that is giving rise to these higher infectious disease COVID claims, we believe are absolutely impacting the rate of hospitalization on other claims activities, not the least of which is cancer insurance related claims.  And remember, again, as you all know, we are a dominant cancer insurance provider. And so when the world of Japan health care moves to more outpatient treatment, that has material implications for your cancer claims and how they trend over time. So this is why, despite all of the comments around COVID claims and increases in medical claims, you still see a low benefit ratio in Japan even by historical standards. There's no guarantee of that direct correlation, but it's certainly what we have seen in the data thus far.
Max Broden: Thank you, Alex. If you start with -- obviously, you make the walk from the reported benefit ratio of 67.4% to adjusting for all the sort of special factors in the quarter, you get to 69.8%. What I think is reasonable to sort of add back is the sort of run rate more permanent or somewhat permanent reserve releases that we have experienced from favorable hospitalization trends, et cetera. Those added up in the quarter to about 170 basis points. And that's what we have seen historically run through our results.  So if I were to adjust for that to sort of get to -- sort of adding back what we normally see as an ongoing reserve release in each quarter, you get back to 68.1% in sort of an adjusted underlying benefit ratio for the quarter. Going forward, over time, these reserve releases have been running relatively high recently, and we would expect those to continue, maybe not at the level of 170 basis points, but we certainly expect an element of that going forward.
Max Broden: And just to add one reminder. Obviously, expense ratio, it's a ratio. And you have net investment income coming into play here as well, and it helps boost the top line, and therefore, gives you some relief on the expense ratio when you think about the inflationary pressures. And the last piece is that, yes, we do obviously acknowledge that it is putting upward pressure on expenses in dollar terms as well, and we are taking active actions in order to combat that as well.
Max Broden: I think it's relatively well spread out over the quarter. There was no specific movements between the different reporting months in the quarter.
Max Broden: We would expect an improvement throughout the year and then that it really picks up in 2023 as lapses come down and we continue to see sales growth.
Max Broden: One thing I would add to that answer is that we have seen first occurrence coming back to more normal levels. And obviously, that tends to be -- should be a leading indicator for our overall total cancer claims. So overall, we're still running a little bit low where we would expect to be in the low pre-pandemic levels, but in component of first diagnosis and first occurrence, is generally back both in the U.S. and in Japan to more normal levels.  And we've said before and we still expect that there is sort of a level of cancer out there to be detected within our policyholder base that we think will come our way at some point. We just haven't seen the full impact of that yet. And all of that is incorporated in our guidance for benefit ratios going forward.
Daniel Amos: And I'll also remind you that 1.5 years ago, we had a voluntary program for retirement in the U.S., and about 10% of our workforce retired. So we -- this is not something that has not been top of mind. [Technical Difficulty].
Daniel Amos: While saying that, we're still very comfortable with our projections for 2022. So I want to make sure you grasp that.
Daniel Amos: Well, I mentioned it on CNBC when I was talking to Joe. And we have not seen an enormous jump of any kind that was not actuarially computated. So we're falling within our ranges. Saying that, it's now getting -- from the original, it's getting out to be 2.5 years it's been. So I think the chances are less and less as we move forward. But at the same time, it's just to show you how you don't know what you have ahead of you. And -- but all of our tracking says that we should have seen more if it was going to really spike by now. And I've got a guy that knows all the actuarial computation is shaking his head, that's correct. So that's the answer.
Daniel Amos: But I think most people that were going to the doctor and, whatever, they were having checkups, are now back to normal. And it's been going on probably for a year or so. So we feel pretty good about those numbers. And that's one reason we said, overall, we feel good about even the issue in Japan regarding the government's move here and how we can handle those claims. So we feel well positioned.
Eric Kirsch: Sure thing. The numbers that Fred quoted are gross of currency hedge costs. They are net of interest rate hedging because we've done some interest rate hedging with respect to the floating rate book. So I just want to bifurcate those two buckets. And as a reminder, for this year, our FX hedge costs are primarily locked in, like 95%, 98% of those hedge costs are pretty locked in. Clearly, going into next year, the cost of hedging is substantially higher, and we still carry about $4.1 billion or so forwards on the Japan dollar program. So the hedge costs next year will certainly go up. But as a reminder, we have what we call the back-to-back program or sort of countering forwards at inc.  So for the enterprise, the FX hedge cost from a forward perspective should stay relatively stable on a net basis. We do have some FX options on the book as well that help us with tail protection for the unhedged portion of the dollar program in Japan. And those are based on options pricing. We do expect those to go up, which won't necessarily have an offset, but we do often look at our hedge ratios and how much we want hedged. So the amount of that could be a variable but we would expect the option costs to go up as well.  And then more broadly speaking, when you look at next year's forecast from the perspective of where do we think our floating rate income is going, as Fred said, we still expect tailwinds. The forward curve for LIBOR is still upward sloping. We're all watching the Fed. And assuming it stays where it is, we would expect further tailwinds in floating rate income for next year. But again, the Fed is moving with inflation in the markets. The latest Fed meeting was a little bit more dovish than hawkish for the future. So it's -- so that's going to be a moving target, if you will.  However, having said that, and we reported on this before, on our floating rate book, we have put on interest rate hedges. And we did that because at the beginning of the year with the aggressive Fed hikes, an increase in LIBOR, when we do our financial planning over a 3- and 5-year period, we saw that there's a substantial increase based on the forward curves in that floating rate income over that time period. But we also know that there's no guarantee we'll get that. It all depends on where LIBOR is at that time.  So the purpose of the interest rate hedge was to say, given that potential large increase in income, why not lock in a good portion of it and put better surety around that, which we did. So it gives us great protection now in case in the future there's recession and the Fed starts to lower rates. But we didn't hedge all of it. So we still have some upside as well if rates should continue to go up. So that's a picture, if you will, of the future and some specifics on the hedge cost.
Eric Kirsch: It's Eric. It was about $38 million for the quarter, but that's in total for the portfolio. But just from rates alone, it's around $2 million to $4 million. And that's pretty logical because if you think about the ascent of LIBOR, it really didn't start increasing until February, March, April, and these are 1 month of quarterly reset. So the impact from just rates alone on the floaters was rather small, but we did have other portfolio activity around deployment. The new money yield on deployment was better than planned. We were able to purchase some floating rate assets ahead of plan from a particular provider. So a number of portfolio activities really added to most of that increase. But as the year goes by, the impact from rates alone just continues to get higher because of that substantial rise in LIBOR.
Eric Kirsch: $38 million is part of the $160 million, that's just for the second quarter. And the $160 million is for the full year forecast.
Eric Kirsch: Sure thing. And Tom, actually, since we have Brad Dyslin on the call, who's my deputy but also in charge of credit, I'm going to shift that question over to Brad.
Eric Kirsch: Tom, I would also just add to Brad's remarks. Just as a reminder, for our TREs and middle-market loans, these are first lien, senior secured assets. We take a more conservative approach to those asset classes. We definitely earn higher yields and spreads, but that's to offset the risk that we're taking. The other reminder is just from a financial standpoint, we do take a CECL reserve for these asset classes. And those are, generally speaking, based on long-term historical default rates.  Based on Brad's comments and our actual expected performance, while certainly we won't come out of this unscathed, my suspicion is we will outperform those CECL reserves. And in essence, while there could be some losses in the future depending on how deep a recession is, how long it will be, it will be much better performance than the expected CECL reserves that we've taken already.
