Kriss Cloninger: Okay. This is Kriss. RBC came down from about 555%. At the end of the year to, right now, we're looking at a range of 500% to 525%. A significant item in there was the downgrade to Israel Electric that S&P came through with after at the end of the year, and after the time we've closed our statutory books. And that -- because it's a concentrated risk caused our RBC to decline almost 20 points. So if you said, well, okay, that would have been 555% to 535% and then of course the other big piece was the impairments that we recorded in the first quarter. Whole co[ph] cash was around $700 million at year end, it came down to about $550 million. We paid a shareholder dividend order of magnitude $140 million. We repurchased shares for probably about $170 million and we had a dividend from the live company to the parent company, for about $120 million or $130 million. I don't remember the exact number.
Kriss Cloninger: That's one thing. Let me make another comment, Ed. There's a rigor around doing these reclassifications and the like and making decisions to impair or sell. You'll see when we put out our 10-Q, a discussion of the events that led to our conclusion that we needed to sell and impair our holdings in the Greek banks, and that required events that need to be documented to satisfy the SEC and the regulators, and the accountants and the like. It's not just a gut-feel type of decision that we make around here. And we had to go through a fairly rigorous process, too, to document and our conclusion that it's appropriate to move Tunisia from held to maturity to available for sale category in all of our categories in financial statements so that we avoided tainting the whole portfolio for reasons Ken discussed.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we had about a 50 basis point improvement in the quarter. And we had said that the 100 to 150 basis points -- quite frankly we were surprised but pleased about the level of production of child endowment and WAYS. I think they were somewhat above expectations. And as I previously discussed with the community, the investment community, starting last September, the mini FAB and continuing on in the fourth quarter discussions, child endowment and WAYS are going to slow down the improvement or the decline in the benefit ratio. We're still getting the same kind of decline in the cancer product from reduction in number of days in the hospital, though as I've told you that's moderating some. Once you get the numbers down to days in the hospital of around 20 to 22, you don't have as much room for improvement as when the average was say, 40 days per stay for a cancer treatment. So I've told you the improvement in the medical or the cancer line is moderating some. The child endowment and WAYS products will have the benefit ratio go up some but they'll have the expense ratio go down some, and they're going to drive revenue more than the medical products do. And at the analyst meeting, I'm going to show you an analysis that basically I'll just disclosed that early, I guess, but basically it tells you that if we write the same number of policies of medical and child endowment and WAYS, we produce somewhat more profit, just modestly more profit by producing the same number of policies with child endowment and WAYS than we do through the medical policies. And that's because they've got a higher average premium, they've got a lower average margin but the profits per policy come out somewhat higher. So there's a bit of a change in the composition of the way profits are produced. But the net effect is that you get about the same, if not slightly more profit by writing a policy of WAYS or child endowment than a policy of medical or cancer.
Kriss Cloninger: I'll say we haven't had substantial discussions on that topic. We've had discussions about doing some of the things that historically was done through the investment banks of investing in securities denominated in a currency other than yen and having an embedded swap. We've looked at possibly doing some of that ourselves but we haven't discussed in a meaningful way, say hedging P&L, if that's where you were headed.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, we've done some modest review of that, and we've looked into and tried to analyze what some other companies with significant Japanese operations are doing. And we see that the net gains and losses from that kind of hedging program tend to be relatively modest. But they do create a risk exposure that we've been averse to over time. And our historical position of saying, okay, our shareholders are used to taking the currency risk on the current year's P&L and then do we tend to hedge equity into dollars through holding dollar-denominated securities and having yen-denominated debt. We're continuing to pursue those programs. And I'd say we're considering some of those things but generally we found that the risks outweigh what we perceive to be the benefits of those kind of activities.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, that would be one risk. It would be the mark-to-market exposure on the hedge that creates volatility of earnings, the possibility of economic gains and losses.
Kenneth Janke: It's split rated. Randy, this is Ken. It's split rated and for GAAP purposes, it's still considered an investment grade asset. For statutory purposes, our rules are that we take the second lowest rating, which would be in this case since there's 2 ratings below investment grade and that's what moved it to a 3.
Kenneth Janke: The only thing Ed that I would add to that is that we clearly can't telegraph exactly what we may or may not be interested in derisking. And really at this point exactly, what we're thinking about in terms of capacity but I can tell you that we regularly review our capital position both from an RBC and a solvency margin standpoint to just see what kind of derisking we can tolerate from a capital deployment standpoint and again balance that against our interest in purchase and shares.
Kenneth Janke: I'll start with the answer and see where it goes. We have looked at this. We look at it continually. We're not as concerned about tainting on a GAAP basis but that would also result in tainting on a Japan GAAP or FSA reporting basis. And you may remember from analyst meetings for several years that we have showed a chart that suggests our sensitivity, or the solvency margin sensitivity to interest rate changes. So if we were to move all of our held to maturity assets to available for sale, those bonds would be subject to mark-to-market accounting. And at the time when the FSA has modified the solvency margin calculation, which will effectively reduce the numbers for the industry in half, we don't think that it's prudent to expose our portfolio to the influence of mark-to-market accounting and what will likely be a rising rate environment.
Kenneth Janke: Israel Electric would fall into that camp. It is split rated from a staff standpoint but it is still investment grade from a GAAP standpoint. We were able to move Tunisia from held to maturity to available for sale after going through a very extensive credit analysis that took a period of many, many weeks. And you'll see that in our financial supplemental disclosures that it's now categorized as below investment grade even though the actual rating agency ratings show it's still as investment grade. But it is now in available for sale, and it's fair value would be reflected therefore and included in the solvency margin calculation.
Kenneth Janke: John, this is Ken. The child subsidy was extended for another 6 months, meaning until September. And it will have to be debated and approved by the Diet in order for it to be extended beyond September of this year.
Daniel Amos: The only other comment I'd make is remember that if derisking can impact also share repurchase and that could be a factor too in slowing down growth.
Daniel Amos: I'll respond to that. This is Dan. There's a difference between the U.S. and Japan. They don't use SMART Act in Japan like we do in the U.S. So there's a time lag so my gut is that, and it is a gut because I want to wait and see what April numbers look like. And we plan on telling you at the FAB meeting. We normally don't cover what sales numbers are for a month but we're going to give you April numbers when we got them. But I don't think March reflects what really happened, maybe the last week did a little bit, but it's hard to tell. And so at this point, we don't want to go out and make some statement then all of a sudden the next couple of weeks we see a difference. And as Toru talked about, pretty much everything is kind of getting back to normal now. And of course the area that was directly hit, it will be quite a time but that accounted for 5% of our sales. So that will kind of give you an idea of what to look at. So what I've tried to kind of analyze in my mind is in terms of these numbers, if you say that okay, sales in the first quarter were basically where we thought they would be. Because remember, we expected a good first quarter, a little bit better than what we thought, but we expect sales to be flat to down in the fourth quarter because of the tough sales comparison. So if you go back and say okay the first quarter, that area that was affected was 5% of our sales then say the second quarter, the number 0 and the third quarter is 1/2 and the fourth quarter is 1/2 then that means that our overall sales have been hurt by 2.5% over what our original projections are. And then say Tokyo was hurt for a short period of time but outside Tokyo nothing else was really that affected then we're actually increasing our sales objective in that the 2% to 5% still we think we can make yet down 2% to up 3% or 5% swing is actually a higher number because we got to make up the difference of what happened due to the tsunami.
Daniel Amos: Yes. It doesn't affect the WAYS product. It can affect the child endowment, but it doesn't affect the WAYS. And frankly, this year -- well in the second half of last year, we started emphasizing WAYS by changing the incentives to move the bank channel away from child endowment. Now if that product drives itself because, as you said, the government has that subsidy. But all in all, we're kind of moving that direction anyway. So it would be fine with us to do that. Of course, remember, for every 5 child endowment we sell, we add 1 new policy of another type to the new policyholder base. But all in all, we're kind of moving that way anyway.
Toru Tonoike: After the earthquake, basically, we have a lot of -- sales activity was affected in accordance with the situation. We have counted many of the TV commercials just refraining from making sales pitches to the public in that circumstances. And also we have activities of our agents were somewhat disrupted because of the disrupted transportation, or shortage of gasoline or planned blackouts. So our sales activities as a whole was reduced the latter half of March and a good part of April. But now it is going back to normal. And we are returning to the normal sales activities and promotions mode. So at this point, purely from the viewpoint of the sales promotion method, we are not doing anything very specific, we are just increasing our promotion activities in general.
Toru Tonoike: Yes. I think it is possible that could help our sales. But it is very difficult to measure the magnitude of that fact. So at this point we would rather not take that into account for our plan this year.
Toru Tonoike: The only thing I could add is that, yes, child endowment was very helpful for us to start selling, start marketing this product with the public at the bank. It was very good thing to start talking about child endowment policy -- I'm sorry I mean the child allowance payment. So it helps us a lot in a way that it made it easier for us to start talking about our child endowment policy with the possible clients. But now that this product is well known and a part of that regular products for the banks and their employees. So even if the child allowance is reduced or even terminated, the impact is not that big going forward.
