Teresa White: Jimmy, thank you for the question. I feel good about -- feel there are some positive results, underlying metrics that we're seeing right now. I do however and I've said in previous conference calls I want to see the last half of the year, I want to see how that materializes. I believe that we've seen traction with regard to the career agent side where we've improved our veteran engagement. They are generally the salesforce that's riding in our existing accounts, but we're seeing that underlying metric move in positive direction. We talked about the conversion of new associates to producers in 2015.  If you recall, we adjusted the compensation to ensure that we were paying for a producer versus a recruit and we're seeing some positive traction there. But then I think I talked about two other things, the broker channel, that mid-market channel, we called out as an area that we needed to work on. We've increased staff there by 25%. Those folks are on boarded. They've been trained. They're now in the market, working with those market directors. That needs to materialize and I feel good about what I'm seeing so far and then the last thing was public sector.  That was an area that we needed to ensure that we defended that part of our in force and continued to grow. We have hired a department head for public sector. We've developed a strategy that we believe is going to be competitive in that market space and we're already starting to see some traction as it relates to new RFPs or quotes in that sector. So again, I think that we're going in the right direction. I feel pretty good about that, but I do -- I would like to see how all of this materializes in the fourth quarter, in the third and fourth quarter.
Teresa White: They were not on boarded for most of the quarter, but I will say that the focus on mid-market brokerage did help us with a lift. But I would not say that they contributed terribly in the second half, in the second quarter.
Teresa White: I think at this point in time, what we're seeing is that businesses are continuing to move forward as they’ve moved forward in the past. There's not a lot of new activity except for as we've all seen, there's not been a decision made, no repeal, no reply. So we're moving forward, we're not seeing anything that we feel at this point in time will impede our sales activities and impede us from being in the range that we've already quoted.
Teresa White: Well certainly, so what I look at is the market and I get your question, the market forecasts to grow about 6%, broker growth is about 8% to 9%. And Aflac broker growth is already within that range. So we are internally looking at the broker side of the business as well as the career side of the business. But we have the fortune of having one of the largest distribution forces and career agents selling over 70% of our business. So that's a large base to grow over and so that's why when we looked at our guidance, we believe that the guidance of the 3% to 5% is reasonable. And it's really the difference in our distribution mix at this point in time. So, I think that’s kind of what I'll share as it relates to distribution.
Teresa White: I think the only thing I'll add to that is in September, I think we can bring a little bit more color to the question of broker versus career and the strategy overall, so we’ll do that.
Fred Crawford: Sure. Nigel, it’s Fred. We did indeed experience favorable benefit ratios in the quarter. Let me just start with the US. We are tracking a bit below our 52% to 53% range as I mentioned and that's really related to favorable claims trends, but also coupled with a natural slowing of IBNR build as those favorable claims trends play out. I would say that it's not uncommon in any particular quarter that things may break to the positive or break to the negative when it comes to the various IBNR adjustments in particular that you make and claims trends in this particular quarter certainly we experienced trends breaking to the positive. But having said that, we have had a sustained period of benefit ratio performance really at that low end of the range I mentioned and that would be our expectation as we go through the year. So we are expecting to see benefit ratios climb back towards our range guidance for the US, but should end the year at the favorable side of that range of 52% to 53%. In Japan, we've got a different dynamic going on and that is yes, we have continued favorable trends and related claims and IBNR related activity. And certainly, you saw it actually dipped down a little bit in the quarter. But what we really have going on right now is a bit of a business mix issue and as we see the premium levels come down in first sector, particularly related to the WAYS paid up product and a outperformance on the sales side and really a continuous level of outperformance building the earned premium on third sector, that shift in mix is causing there to be downward pressure on the benefit ratio.  We would estimate for example in the quarter roughly 100 basis points perhaps 100 to 120 basis points or so of benefit ratio improvement just related to that shift in mix between third sector and first sector premium. Because we're in this peak period of paid up policies throughout 2017, that favorable pressure on our benefit ratio may continue for a period throughout this year. And so that's why we're suggesting that we are probably going to end up at the low side of our benefit ratio range in Japan as well that outlook call range was 71% to 73%. Now having said that, third sector benefit ratios were effectively flat. So we are seeing favorable claim activity, but this had really more to do with the mix issue than necessarily materially improved claims trend in the quarter itself.
Fred Crawford: Yeah. What you should not read into our holding to guidance or what I said the high side of our guidance, what you should not read into it is some sort of a sharp right or left turn in our strategy or pace of investment in the second half of the year. Really what you have going on is a few things. One as mentioned, we've kicked off in the first half of the year at a relatively lower rate of hedge costs.  We would expect that to naturally build up as we go throughout the year. Now granted we're running at or maybe slightly below our guidance range of 250 to 270, but we would expect that to build naturally and that has a lot to do with the pace of build-out of our floating rate portfolio, which we would expect to be 100% hedged. We also have been gradually locking in more of our long-term hedge costs, which is a bit more expensive and while we are experiencing favorable pricing, that will pressure a little bit of your expenses as you go throughout the year.  So that will be in front of us on the back half as I mentioned in my comments. In our press release and in my comments, we've talked about the fact that there will be a gradual pick up in the level of expenses in the business. This is not really abnormal. We tend to see this every year. Some of it is related to promotional spend, new product launch spend in Japan in particular, but also the natural progress of various initiatives across the company related to IT and operations, particularly in the US. So we'll see that climb and pressure a bit as we go. But to your question of conservatism, when your outperformance is largely on the back of strong benefit ratios in the US and Japan, it stands to reason that you're going to be somewhat cautious in your expectation for reverting back to your long term views of benefit ratios. And so, we absolutely are assuming that there will be a migration back to probably the low end of our benefit ratios in Japan and the US and that will be different than what we experienced in the second quarter. So that's within our numbers, but we'll do what we always do. It is midway through the year and as we continue to see the business progress and we see more permanency in the numbers, particularly around benefit ratios, we’ll update accordingly.
Fred Crawford: Eventually, the numerator and denominator dynamics of premium falling off with paid up status and the amortization of the deferred profit liability will eventually slow and pace in accordance with the - with policies reaching paid up. I might note that even though it's far off in the distance we have not only five pay ways, but ten pay ways and so we'll come back to this equation down the road as ten pay products starts to reach paid up status albeit I don't think as pronounced as the five pay product. What I would say is in our future is that as time goes on, we would expect to see a fundamental change in the mix of earned premium if you will between third sector and first sector and that will influence and be more a permanent part if you will of our benefit ratios. I do want to remind you that while first sector product carried higher benefit ratios that also carried lower expense ratios. And so you will see that dynamic play out. In my mind and what we're doing as a management team is in the face of obviously some slowed revenue increase related to our first sector strategy, we have to be attentive overtime to our expense structure and continue to manage that. And we certainly are paying attention to that. The team in Japan is actively working and engaged. We’ll expel more of that out as we move forward, but that's something we have to be careful about and are paying attention to. But overall profit margins are expected to remain strong and we're very pleased with the results. And we also think this shift is very much in the best interest of shareholders. One thing you don't see in our results is the gradual lifting cash flow and FSA earnings which comes from shifting our mix to a lower capital intensive product and better profitability and that will pay dividends as this time goes on.
Fred Crawford: The way I would think about expense ratio, now remember, expense ratio is up against total revenue. So you also have debt investment income playing into that, which also includes hedge cost now. So, with the switch rate for example and sort of a slowing down of debt investment income to then build back up you'll see some natural short-term pressure to that expense ratio. But as we see premium levels pressured because of the paid up status throughout this year and continues on a bit into next year and net investment income while recovering still being down from historical standards, we would expect the expense ratio to still be pressured and remain in that range that we've forecasted of 19% to 20% range. So it may climb before it comes down. What we're busy working on is IT and operational investments that we would expect over time to start to pay off in the way of yielding expense benefits. And we're going to need to be attentive to the overall expense structure we have that surrounded in particular first sector savings product as that starts to ratchet back. Now we continue to launch new product, the income product that Dan mentioned, we continue to refresh our core medical and cancer product and we're always exploring where there may be new avenues of growth rate on the third sector side. And so we may have some reallocation of expenses over time. But we have to be attentive to the revenue realities and that will mean managing expenses. So right now I would stick to this notion of 19% to 20%, we're traveling a bit on the low side of that. But I would expect it to probably pick up a bit as we go throughout the year.
Fred Crawford: This is Fred, I'll take that question and Teresa welcome any comments you have. But the most common discussion around our name from time to time is the notion of True Group if you will as opposed to differentiated from the group business we have in South Carolina. This would be True Group Life, short of long term disability and we have for a while had to contemplate strategically the importance of that product and how it plays into our business model particularly as you go up market and into the brokerage space. And we effectively had what amounted to a build buy or partner decision framework, the build was not very practical because it would take a lot of time nor do we possess necessarily the expertise and infrastructure to support that type of business. The buy is not appealing because the premiums associated with purchasing large group players is very significant comes with integration, issues and risk, and we don't think argues for the company's capital. And so what we have done is we are on a path of partnering on True Group products such that we can offer that product to the brokerage space under the Aflac. By partner meaning we partner on the administrative side, but also on the risk taking side. When you're Aflac looking at that business the thin margins and occasionally volatile results that come with True Group aren’t particularly appealing, they may be appealing to a company that is in other types of business and looking to diversify. But to us, they don't necessarily argue for capital let alone overpaying or paying a tremendous premium for the property. So we've gone down the partner route and you'll hear more about that over time. I think thus far the only announcement we've made is with Trustmark on a life-LTC related - I came out of Lincoln so those of you familiar with MoneyGuard know it's that type of a product offering which has become popular in the work site. And that's the type of parting will do as we go forward to measure up against the market. But it just doesn't argue for our capital to be a buyer at this time and take on that risk nor can we afford the time it takes to build. So we've chosen the partner route.
Eric Kirsch: John, current side is about $22.8 billion. By year end, based on current projections, we’ll probably get to about 24.5 or so in the majority of new assets that will go in will be floating rate assets between transitional real estate and middle market loans.
Eric Kirsch: Those changes are already contemplated and forecast in our full-year hedge forecast which Fred mentioned earlier.
Eric Kirsch: First the second question about 51%, 52% of ’18 is locked in. As Fred mentioned, we continually look at that throughout the year. So we'll expect to even make deposits on that and get that locked in percentage higher as we get into fab and to the earnings outlook call. With respect to current costs, we've been fortunate because the kind of pick at the end of last year. And if you think about the macros, US had an outlook at the year-end of very high growth, the Fed lifting rates perhaps three times. Japan being stabilized, the cross currency basis came in a bit. So hedge costs are actually running lower now than they were at the beginning of the year in our forecast. When you look at longer term hedges, which is a place where we’re focused for the longer dated assets, you're looking at a little over 2% like 2.05. When you're looking at shorter dated hedges like three month hedges which is what will be focused on later in the year for our floating rate assets. You're currently looking at about 170 basis point.
Dan Amos: It should because what we are building in the floating rate portfolio is by definition intended to be 100% hedged. The only thing that would change that is if we were to make any tactical decisions around the hedge ratio. But if you just roll the ball forward or play the ball forward, the portfolio grows to 24.5 billion because it's growing on the back of a couple billion growth rate in the floating rate portfolio and that is 100% hedged. You'll see that notional climb from its roughly 11 billion range up towards 12.5ish plus.
Dan Amos: So I mean the way I would think about it is when we went into our outlook call and therefore our guidance we guided to a range of 71% to 73% for our benefit ratio in Japan. And in the first quarter we posted 71.7% and in the second quarter we dipped down to 70.5. And so there's obviously a lot of attention being paid to the second quarter and whether there was something of a more permanent nature there. But I'll just remind you of the fact that we did in fact see a good level paid up policies in the first quarter. And our benefit ratio was 71.7%. So our view is that we will travel on the low end of that range of 71 to 73, but we would expect the benefit ratio to kind of come back to those 71, 72 levels as we go throughout the year.  So we did in fact see good favorable claims results in the second quarter that then led also to IBNR breaking to the positive if you will i.e. lowering IBNR. IBNR trends are slowing the pace of increase in IBNR. So did have some of those what I would call normal positive or favorable results, but it was just pumped up by really the mix now really taking traction and bringing it down by another 100 points. So hopefully that helps, but you are seeing some favorability. As I mentioned I do expect to travel in the low end of our range, but I would expect a bit of a tick up from what we're seeing in the second quarter.
Dan Amos: That’s right, you can sort of see at this quarter, the strength of our third sector sales contributed a bit over 5 billion yen to the earned premium while the paid up status of our product dropped the first sector savings premium by 14.5 billion yen. So there's a bit of a disproportionate amount of shift because we're in that peak year of paid up policies here in 2017, so that will start to calm down.
Dan Amos: Well, the nice thing about adding a third pillar with allows us to cycle different products at different times. So it's not just medical, but then we entered this in cancer and then we back off and go to a new medical again, but Todd, you want to make any comment about the life expectancy of the products.
Dan Amos: I'd like to make one other comment, the thing that’s so great about our company is our brand, but it also is a liability in one respect. Certain companies can break their brands apart with different ones but the companies don't necessarily have great brand recognition themselves, so it doesn't make any difference. In our case everyone wants Aflac and wants the Aflac does because they know our name. So in our case, with brokers and individual agents no one won't for example See CAIC which is our Aflac group, they don't want the name CAIC, they want to name the Aflac Group because of that brand. So our channel conflict is somewhat to do with the brand itself and that if we had separate brands and we thought about that. But as you can imagine everyone likes to be able to go into an account and be able to say the name of the company and they immediately know who it is and like the brand. So that give us some pause but at the same time it's worth because we feel like on the other hand that's why we're number one in the market by far in terms of what we're doing.
Dan Amos: Well, we didn't really go there at this particular time when we were having our meetings because we think there's still enormous amount of potential with [indiscernible]. But certainly we would like to have discussions in that area, but as you know they sell their all medical products right now. So I think that would be a much harder thing to consider for anyone including us. So right now we just want to get to those 20,000 offices and make sure we're penetrating it and they are committed to continue that going forward. You are exactly right, as big as that distribution channel is, we’re always keeping our ears open to see if they ever had any consideration for doing that, we would do everything we could to open that channel and open that door with them.
Dan Amos: I really, I can't speak on that, but I don't know either because it's something new that's never - there's never been a partnership like this. They've never done a deal where they let everybody have all 20,000 post offices. So what the penetration is, I don't know, but the thing I will reiterate is, here we are been in this program this long and we had a record this quarter. So I don't think it's over is the main thing. Everybody is wondering when it's going to hit down and it doesn't seem to be headed down, it seems to be going up. Of course that can’t go on forever, but I'm certainly encouraged about that. The one thing that we always talk about on these calls is how negative interest rates or low interest rates are killing us or everybody, not just us Aflac, but the industry as a whole, it's terrible. But the products that we sell in the third sector are less interest rate sensitive and so it's helped us with our last partners, all of them. Here's a product that they can sell that will help them financially, help us financially and it's a win-win. So I think that will continue going forward and I'm excited about that.
Dan Amos: And I’d like Koide to talk about the potential of the product, but why don’t you go ahead and answer.
Dan Amos: It's just too early to tell at this particular point and we're encouraged with it initially. Any time a new product comes out they generally have a spike in it and our agents go to the path of lease resistance. So as you've seen in the past when we introduced medical, cancer drops off, we introduce a new cancer, medical drops off. We introduce this, it hurts the others. So they move and we've never cared as a company where they go. But the potential of taking this on to this large customer base of ours has enormous potential, but it's still too early to tell how successful it's going to be, but I'm certainly excited about it and think it has the potential long term.
Dan Amos: Thank you very much. Before we end the call today, I'd like to remind everyone of our upcoming financial analyst briefing in New York on September 28. For further details or any questions please contact our investor and rating agency relations department and we hope to see you all there. Thank you very much.
Todd Daniels: Thanks Dan. I think if you go back and look at what we have in our fab sub materials you can see how many quarters you get from a repricing. Back in 2015, you can see third quarter medical sales around 9.1 billion yen, and that stayed at a relatively high amount until we came out with a substandard medical in second quarter 2016. So you're going to see the natural pacing of the product probably for a few quarters. But one thing I’d point out with this is the channel differences. So we're focused on the Japan Post selling the cancer product and the good results we saw there. But what we have different now that we haven't had in the past is the associate channel is focused on selling the medical product, while contributing to cancer cells. So you have both cancer and medical products up for the year, which is something we haven't been able to enjoy in the past.
Todd Daniels: I would not hold your breath on the income product adjusting our benefit ratio anytime soon just given the sheer size of the earned premium build over it but…
Todd Daniels: The benefit ratio for the income support is expected to be in line with our other third sector products, somewhere between medical and cancer. And again because of the sheer size of it today, there would have to be a material amount of sales of income support which I think we'd all enjoy in order to effect the benefit ratio in anyway a regular third sector sale would.
