David Young: Thank you. Good morning and welcome to our fourth quarter call. This morning, we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Then, Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results, Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer, will also provide some updated related to investments, before we open our call to questions.  In addition, joining us this morning during the Q&A portion are members of our executive management team in the United States, Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S. Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; and Max Brodén, Treasurer and Head of Corporate Development. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance Japan, Charles Lake, Chairman, and Representative Director; President of Aflac International, Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director; Todd Daniels, Director and Principal Financial Officer; Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on Aflac's website at investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations to certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan.
David Young: Thank you Fred. Before we begin the Q&A, please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow up to allow everyone an opportunity to ask a question. And we will now take that first question.
David Young: And thank you operator, I believe that's the end of our call, we have reached and exceeded the top of the hour. Please feel free to contact investor and rating agency relation if there are any other questions or for more information and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you all for joining us today.
Daniel Amos: I'm going to let Japanese operation to answer that. so Koji Ari or whoever will, but I will say that no that does not contemplate Japan post. 2018 was being able to work out the deal, 2019 is the planning process have coming up with something that we think might be benefit their customers. And then 2020 I think would be more in the execution line. So I'll let Koji then talk.
Daniel Amos: I want to just make sure all of you on the line pick this up because this is a little bit of a change and it's very similar to the way we used to do business in the United States was we would convert a policy. In essence what you are talking about here is there won't be a new policy written-in one laps, we will keep the existing policy in force which will be a medical product and we will add a Rider on top of it and therefore the premium of that Rider will be a smaller amount than a normal policy. However they won't be less than the old policy, so they earned premium will ultimately be growing. But you will see a lower sales number because of that impact. So I just want to make sure everyone got that.
Daniel Amos: At this point in time I wouldn't change our guidance on the range of buyback that range in buyback takes into account moving additional excess capital of approximately $500 million up to the holding company. What I would say though is that from an investment income line item perspective in corporate and other you will see that most likely increase, but not necessarily because of the volume if you will of assets at the holding company and associated investment income. It's more driven because that's the line item where we house the benefits of our enterprise hedging program offsetting the hedge costs and hedging dynamics in Japan. And as you may recall from the outlook call, we guided to pre-tax approximately $60 million to $80 million worth of amortized offset if you will to the hedge costs in Japan that will run through that line. To give you a comparison that was approximately $36 million or $37 million - $36 million in 2008. So you will see as you look at corporate and other, essentially the last page of our FAB supplement, most of those line items will remain relatively consistent in terms of revenue lines and expense lines. The one line that stands out as you will see movement in investment income, not so much because of the excess capital at the holding company, more so moving because of our enterprise hedging program.
Daniel Amos: And we made a decision after the financial crisis that we were going to be all - would have all types of assets to where we were never in a position like happened before and therefore, when you are everywhere, as you well know, the likelihood of having hits are much - will be escalated a lot, but they will be small hits and that's what supported.
Daniel Amos: I'll just add what Koji lead with, you don't often get marketing leading with risk aspects of the product. But just to emphasize on the care Rider, it is a lump sum benefit. And the definition of a claim is tied to the government definition. And those two things we believe differentiated from a long-term care products in the U.S.
Daniel Amos: Yes, Max Broden led that investment for us and so I’ll have Max, comment on the nature of investment and our expectations.
Daniel Amos: Yes I think it is. It's steps you back to really the broader strategy and that is if we are going to enter or be involved in any way in a new geography it’s going to be on the back of digital, it's going to be with on the ground partners so that it doesn't consume management time and attention. It's going to be with a measured amount of capital at risk and it's going to be careful. But we don't see the sense in what we would call kind of a traditional entry into those types of markets on the back of large scale acquisition, large capital at risk, the building out of traditional distribution platforms of agents and so forth. That technically is a lot of money a lot of risk and your ability to compete with other players in the market is questionable. So we think of this as a smart way of entertaining and exploring what might be possible and that's our philosophy.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] In terms of Japan it is not changed since this call last time. In terms of target, really the allowing with the customers' need and we will be setting the target accordingly. In January, we have launched a protection type prospective product in medical product. And this medical product has a concept to be able to have the customers' review their medical or the insurance product depending on the last stage. And at this time enables customers to add a lump sum type of coverage especially for the young customers that we do have income support type of Rider and then for elderly customers that we make available our nursing care type of Rider. And for the system policyholders, we have introduced mid-term Rider addition a type of - to allow our customers to be able to add to their existing base policy. And so this will be a shift from just focusing on the new business - just focusing on the new business, we will now allow our existing customers to be able to expand their coverage and update their coverage based on the policies they have. And because this - are addition there will be invest new AP in that effort, AP per policy for that additional would be smaller. However, we will be able to maintain our existing policy which means that this will contribute positively to our earned premium. And so this is our strategy to be able to really maintain the base policies of the existing customers without having them to purchase a total new policy.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign language]. In many cases we are selling our first sector protection tied to our existing power shareholders because the ability to have their policy, we are standing on top of the existing policies. Because of special discount, we have achieved a premium wage that is very attractive to non-smokers. And the coverage with this smaller amount is also made available. And because we were able to set our premiums relatively low, many customers like the product. And it was not it takes about 5% of the protection type sales.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign language]. And in terms of the product this time is of course this is for our existing policy holders and we have different products for different age group of customer, for example young customers have certain Riders that we can have them attach and older customers we have Riders that cater for their needs. And particularly that enforce number of medical policy we have is number one in industry. So it does make it possible to take in or retain our customer for a long time using our customer base. And this is a differentiator against our competitors and this will also contribute to the increase in our earned premium.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] And let me start from nursing there. This is a type of caring that offers long-term benefit to the customers. And level of the nursing care needs is determined by the commissioner of certification or eligibility by that national government. And we are making this lump sum amount payment to read the limit the risk amount. And since this will be paid based on the eligibility determined by the national government there now will be limited. And for the middle to younger generation we do offer income support Rider. And this is also a lump sum type of coverage that will be paid when the policyholder is not able to work. And we also have a standalone product income support product. And because this standalone product coverage is extended for a longer period of time and it requires explanation of the social welfare benefit that is being offered by the government. So the standalone product is not carrying as well as counsel or medical. And at this kind of dimension that Rider is lump sum payment type of product and explanation is much simpler. So if you are able to identify the needs of this kind of product, we might want to think about revising our income support standalone product. And with the medical insurance that we have launched this time it’s not only the hospitalization benefit or the surgery benefit that we have always had, new product also allow to offer outpatient product as well. And as I mentioned earlier, we are the number one medical policy offering insurance company in the industry, so there is a big potential in terms of our business here.
Eric Kirsch: Sure, you really need to look and attribute all the gain and loss numbers. But if I think about impairments and loan losses, they were about $61 million for the quarter. For us, that probably was a bit elevated versus where we have been running but recollect over the last two to three years, our loan losses and impairments have just been very minimal. And also part of that $61 million was the PG&E situation which is $21 million of it. So if I take the PG&E situation out to $40 million or so is really kind of expected with a large loan portfolio now, other assets, nothing really too surprising in there. I certainly know going forward that the credit cycle is beginning to change with a large portfolio like ours and other insurers. We are going to expect certain industries may have some challenges. And we will be tracking that closely. And as I said, our job is to continue to shape the portfolio to avoid those credits that in a tougher cycle may have trouble and we have been proactive as I said in my speech doing that. So no doubt if the credit cycle changes we will have probably larger impairments than we have had over the last three years, but I believe they will be very manageable and minimal relative to the industry.
Eric Kirsch: Exactly and just to build on that. Which you all know, we have attracted over the history. We are diversified by different asset classes, by different strategies and importantly from a risk perspective with diversified by position size. We no longer hold these oversized concentrated positions. So when something should occur, it will be in a much smaller size versus where we were historically.
Eric Kirsch: Sure absolutely. First I would say it's diversified and that goes to the point of diversification pays dividends overtime. But remember in our program for middle market loans for example, we determined the underwriting standards. So we have first lien secured loans, highly diversified, high degree of components and the market has gotten fluffy and we are aware of that, but we have not lowered our underwriting standards. Which is why as I said in 2019 our deployment goals are a bit less than they were in 2018 and we were fortunate to build a good portion of that portfolio in the first half of the year. So it comes down to underwriting. And in addition because those companies we are lending them money, we have first insight into whether or not they are having any difficulties with their business. Now most of them are doing quite healthy and very seldomly do have any issues, but when they do we can walk in and make a difference. Now in the public sector they are bigger companies, but we can't influence what company managements necessarily are going to do. So when the credit cycle changes, we have got to be more proactive in trading those assets. And then finally I would say, when you look historically at the private markets even through tough times the default rates are low and the recovery rates are fairly high because of the strong negotiating leverage that you have.
Eric Kirsch: Absolutely Tom. Absolutely. So thank you for raising that. Substantial, I mean you are getting paid for the additional risk for sure. So in the investment grade space currently for you know BBB type of names or in the 375 or four area with long duration. In the loan space middle market loans growth yields we are looking at 6.5% to 7% those are typically three to seven year maturities. So coupons are based off of LIBOR which is been in our favor since we started the program. So you earn a substantial yield advantage for a shorter duration of maturity. And finally, let me add just to put total context and remember those floaters play a very important role in our dollar program and particularly with respect to the hedging program. Because of that yield advantage, I'm starting out with the 6% to 7% instrument paying 3% or so in hedge cost and I have got a net spread of 4% with an investment grade bond I have got a duration mismatch between the asset and the hedge. And I maybe might be earning a spread of 1%.So again it goes to diversification and looking at the entirety of the risk and the return. So thank you again for bringing up the return side of it, that's obviously an important element.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. We are not tactically changing our approach to buyback based on the Japan Post agreement. What we are doing is what we always do and that is we will be tactical at times. For example we accelerated a bit of our buyback rights here just at year end to take advantage of what we thought were compelling economics and so we will be tactical within the range that will always continue. But we are not designing or being tactical with our repurchase surrounding the Japan Post agreement and their building of our share count. So you should expect generally spread over the year in other words.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. Let me step back and give you some attribution and then answer beyond that in terms of what we are now with the reserves in the quarter in Japan. I don't know that I would use the term redundant reserves they are rather just released when the policies lapsed, but let me explain. So the lapse and reissue activity, we would estimate impacts when measured against premium, okay will serve to reduce your benefit ratio, we estimate about 30 to 50 basis points 2018 versus 2017. It's important to note that lapse and reissue activity takes place naturally in every year, it's just this year and to some degree last year was a bit more elevated due to a more medical product but more particularly this year with the new cancer product. Importantly though while the benefit ratio measured against premium goes down 30 to 50 basis points you have a somewhat equal impact to the expense ratio because you are now essentially amortizing the deck more quickly or writing down the deck upon the last policy. And that has the effect of increasing your expense ratio measured against premium again 30 to 50 basis points and so you end up with the somewhat negligible impact to your bottom line. Now within those ranges, you could have more of one and less of the other and so it can either. impact positively or negatively your earnings and that depends a lot on the age of the actual policies that are being lapsed and relapsed. And the fourth quarter it was a bit more pronounced, those metrics were like 70 to 80 basis points in the fourth quarter improvement to the benefit ratio. And then similarly increasing the expense ratio. And you can see that in our actual numbers of course in the quarter. So that would be the attribution. So set as aside, lapse and reissue in terms of pre-tax profit margins, because it's fairly insignificant. In terms of the quarter and the strong pre-tax profit margins it was largely just the positive trends and claims and as a result of those positive trends, particularly in our cancer blockade business, the associated release of IBNR. And we released about ¥3 billion of IBNR predominantly related to the cancer book of business, but I would note that this is not entirely unusual in the sense that we have been doing these types of releases now for a few years if not multiple years and primarily because of the continued trends in the cancer book. There is no guarantee that that will continue and every year represents a variable, but there has been a pattern of this because of the trends have been quite consistent.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes I think right now the idea would be let's settle down into the 500% target. As I have mentioned before, this will represent the first year we have printed U.S. Blue book and in a long, long time. Let us make sure we can digest the statutory moving parts. We had very strong statutory income for 2018 up around $830 million helped somewhat by tax reform, but that was a very strong state earnings year and that's what we would expect came in right about where we predicted, because it's a very stable business. And so my view is with the stability of our business the low asset leverage in our U.S. business we can comfortably move it down to 400%. What I would plan to do is take this Blue book take our final year end results, start working with the rating agencies and my guess is that in 2020 we will start to work that ratio down.
Fredrick Crawford: Okay. So as we noted definitely it was a record sales year and it really coming off momentum of eight consecutive quarters of growth and really it was the balanced delivery. Our veteran associates provide strong contribution to our sales growth, broker sales as you mentioned continued deposit of momentum. And that's growth with our broker sales professionals and our associates who work with brokers. And then as Teresa’s continued to mention, we continue to focus on improving producer productivity and their long-term development. So I would say it's the balance of all of those.
Fredrick Crawford: Certainly. Obviously recruiting overall is important, just like them we will continue to be so. And more and more brokers are getting into supplemental insurance voluntary benefits. And so I think as you look at the increase in the broker recruiting that's reflective of the overall market more broadly. And as Dan alluded, brokers want to work with the company like Aflac that has a strong brand. So I think that's where you are seeing elevation and as we mentioned if we continue to want to increase the number of local regional brokers that work with Aflac in addition to our national broker partners.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes, thank you. Good question. First if you look at last year's final tally we were about a little over 50% in yen assets and the rest in dollar assets. So it's not like it's predominantly just dollar assets because we do have risk limits and limitations to our dollar allocation. Secondly, just to frame, I know the 10 years JGB is the benchmark yields for Japan. But it's not the benchmark yield for us from an investment standpoint. We have long-term liabilities, so when we are in the yen fixed income markets we are typically thinking about 20 to 30 year type maturities and duration and 20 to 30 year of JGBs are anywhere from 70 to 90 basis points depending where on the curve but it's in that range. Thirdly and very critically just as a reminder from an asset liability management standpoint, all of our liabilities in Japan are in yen. And when we think about economic capital, other solvency ratios yen is the baseline. So when we think about the strategic asset allocation about 70% of our book is targeted towards yen assets precisely to manage our asset liability management and obligations to our policy holders and our regulators there. So yen assets will always be positive. Next, we are not just buying JGBs. We would acknowledge amongst our choices in yen JGBs are the least attractive, but the choices we have include yen private placements, which over the last few years we have improved our private placement program through higher diversification standards and finding better deals and typically we get paid for that risk. It just depends on the deal and the maturity, but 20 to 30 basis points over JGB. And then also in the Japan market there is a growing yen credit market and yen municipal market and we deploy in that sector quite a lot. And we are also typically earning anywhere from 20 to 30, 40 basis points over JGB. So while we don't like the low yields, buying in assets does serve our capital and serves our asset liability management. But we are using our tools through the investment team to find non-JGB yen investments and at least earn a spread commensurate with the risk over the JGB yield.
