Dan Amos: Well, we spent a lot of time trying to analyze this. And I believe that – it’s our – we’ve been doing business basically the same way for 50 years. Our structure is paid absolutely same way and what we’ve always said the founders going back to my dad and others was it the agent does well everybody else up the structure does well. And it’s gotten out of proportion to some degree. And we needed our districts to make more money and we needed to make sure that everyone was aligned to where the company did well the others. And I think that’s our problem and I think we’ve addressed that. I’m not so much worried at this particular time. I will say that there is still is on certainty with people trying to figure out and there is no one just tearing the numbers up and terms of sales growth in our particular sector, no matter of what. But I think we can do much better and I think focusing them on that will allow that. I’ll just give you an idea. At our state level, one of the problems we have is when a person comes in and was taking over state, they because it was an independent contractor status. They would take home such high expenses that it was hard for some people they ever take that position. Now, we’re going to pay everything and our state sales coordinators will be the highest paid or we’re going to call the market directors now will be the highest paid in the industry. And we don’t have to worry anymore about anyone being able to take on the expenses we’re going to cover that. And over a three-year period, it should break even for us. But that will make a big difference. It means not only can we hire internally, which is the way we want to do it. But we can hire externally. If there is someone else, we want to talk to we can talk to them whereas before we couldn’t talk to them because there was no way they could take on those expenses that we’re in the hundreds of thousands of dollars. So, I think its position us correctly in the new environment we’re in and I’m very pleased with the attitude of our state people and their willingness to adapt, they get it, they understand that the company has to do well and they have to do well. And I just believe long-term, this is going to be very effective for us and I still believe that market is huge and has great potential. But until everything goes into effect, there is still is uncertainly in the marketplace as people look for it to happen.
Dan Amos: Well, everyday it’s in the press about is this going to pass or is that going to pass or can they ask that all long that once you got putting in, it was never going away that they – you can argue anyway you want, but the idea that it will ever go away, I just don’t think will happen, because you’ve got to get the Republican President or you have got a get – if you got a Democratic President, you have got to get 60 people on the Senate side. And I just – that is not something they can – is likely to happen. So, we will just have to wait and see, but there is still uncertainty and as long as that’s going on, we will have to wait, but I think it is beginning to – I think the worst is probably over, but there is still a lot of people that are waiting and seeing. Saying that is I am not going to use any of that as an excuse to why we shouldn’t be up and I expect us to be up.
Dan Amos: John, I want make one more comment about the game changer. It is a game changer. It is a game changer and it was the only outlet that was left they could possibly be major and go against us in cancer insurance. When we mailed that outlet down, that new distribution channel and took it over and now control it. That was a major game changer for us. From a compensation or really production basis, it is going to be a game changer. I believe that, I still believe that and I think the numbers will reflect that as we move forward. These numbers could be larger. Our job is not to predict what we hope it will, but to be conservative. So, I could have given – we could have given higher number, but I don’t like to ever disappoint. I’ve said this before and I’ll say it again, we’re very not very good at projecting sales. Everybody else predicts revenues, but we would like to predict sales, is 13 weeks and it’s the best we know. But there is enormous variance and how they do that. And so I’ll continue to monitor that, but I feel Japan posed as exactly where we wanted to be right now. We were – I didn’t like first quarter as much, but I do like second quarter and I do like what July is looking like and going forward. So, I’m very pleased with that. So, let me be clear on the phone if nothing else Japan post is a winner and I’m thrilled with it. In Campo and the rollout of the product is the unknown what will happen there. But they are committed and we are committed and I feel good now the individual are agencies and the corporate agencies are challenged. We’ve seen consumers move away from writing business at the worksite or buying at the worksite, that’s why we’ve done the shops, that’s why we’re doing other things, that’s why we’re adding these new channels because we do see consumers move in that direction. That’s our challenge and what we have to find ways, it’s not so many of the new employees, it’s the all employees who have had the mail outs for many times and that thing going on for many years now. And we will continue to monitor that and word toward that.
Dan Amos: Well, I will let Paul address the second part. It’s clearly a shorter speed to – or shorter time to market or faster speed is something that we want to accomplish in Japan. That speaks to the kind of the nature of the long-term corporate value enhancement project, but we don’t – there is really no expected change in the emergence of those expenses related to our spending in Japan.
Dan Amos: We have talked about an additional third sector product this year. That being the revision of our cancer plan. And we are currently working through the final details around that with the Japanese government and internally.
Dan Amos: I think what I would say about it is it’s a stable block and we will continue to grow it, but we are going to where the consumers are going. And the consumers are moving more towards other places and we are trying to make sure that we are there for them to fill those needs and that’s very important and what we will continue to do. But we do care about our individual agents. We do constantly focus on that. We have contest, we want to grow it. But that is not where we see the real growth channel going forward.
Dan Amos: Well, what I believe is that we have more district sales coordinators than a lot of our competitors. And we need to focus on making sure that they are making the money we want them to make. And I would like to see them – I would like to have strong districts that are making good living and we promoted a lot of people. If they got renewals they make very high numbers. But when they are coming on they need more front money and so we are trying to concentrate on that and making sure that they are able to grow their business. What we have done over a period of time is we made some adjustments – an example would be, we might cut in a new level of management. And that means that we have cut the commissions back a little bit to take that into account. Now at that time the districts were for it, we were for it, but you take a little bit away and take a little bit away here, it begins to hurt their income. So by adding this back we are now getting them up to the level that they were in 2008. And I think ultimately will benefit us. We have always said that the district levels are the key to our organization that and the associates. And so trying to make sure they are high paid is very important to us and we want to make sure that happens – continues to happen going forward. And we think this cements that and allows us to really grow the business because they are the ones training the new people. And we have got to hire more new people and that requires a lot of time and effort on their part. And they are going to be working harder and so we want to pay him more for working hard.
Dan Amos: Well, they don’t – let’s be clear almost every time they are selling, they are not selling by themselves. They are taking somebody with them. So they are splitting the commissions on what they are doing when they are out training a new person. So we are trying to make sure that they are better positioned. And frankly this I think will put us in a position where we will be able to hire more people at the district level and really grow the business long-term. But shifting some money to them is the exactly what we need to do.
Dan Amos: And I don’t believe those were actually our sales projections, I believe those were data that was placed into Kriss’ financial projections they shared with you. And clearly articulated the time that they really are meant to be projections, but meant to be ranges of assumptions that we would articulate. When we get to the end of this year, we will do as we typically do and give out our sales guidance for the coming year and I feel like that time we’ll be better able to give you forward looking guidance.
Dan Amos: As we are a sales company and I expect sales to grow. And there I believe it sets a trend for us to what ultimately earnings are going to be and persistency is in that number and other elements. But I want to – I believe that ultimately when the agent does well everybody else will do well. And that’s what we have got to see happen here. And I am committed to fixing this in the U.S. and believe we will be able to do it. I put my reputation on the line of trying to fix this and that’s what I get paid big bucks to do is to fix things. And I understand that’s the way it works. And I am willing to go out on a limb and telling I expect third quarter sales to be down but I want to see an upward movement in fourth quarter and I know that’s quick knowing how hard it is to make changes sometimes. But that’s where I am focused and that’s what I will continue to do.
Dan Amos: We only call we didn’t get any of your question. You just came on in the middle and start back and so we can hear which question is…
Dan Amos: First of all, it’s not their book of business is based on the people that work for our company. I was a state sales coordinator for 10 years, so I will understand totally and now you can’t move it that easily. So that’s one half. The other thing is we have not had a single state sales coordinator not go for this new program. It’s going to be the highest paid in the industry. They like it. There is a wonderful retirement – for your salary we put out the equal amount for retirement. So they like it very much. But they will become more of a manager than just a sales manager. They will look at profit, they will look at all aspects. So I am very pleased with we had them sign confidentiality agreements and we introduced this a week go and to adjust them in six locations, we had them at the exact same time took away all cell phones we are very pleased because – we are pleased of where we offered them. This is a great deal for them. It is a great deal for the company because we now can be a united front. We don’t have 50 independent people running state organizations or in this case 65 go in different directions. We will unite with the strongest brand that’s out there in the insurance industry and be able to push forward with what I believe will ultimately drive our sales. Now again I warned you the third quarter, but the fourth quarter in going forward I have been in sales, it’s in my blood and I just think we can do this. So we will wait and see but that’s where outlook added now.
Dan Amos: Well, one reason I am optimistic about an uptick in the fourth quarter was it was such you are right in fourth quarter last year. So, I didn’t like our sales last year, so that’s the reason that I am encouraged about that. I don’t want to be too optimistic in terms of it not being somewhat disruptive. Remember, all these people are used to being independent contractors. So, it’s a change of the way they have operated. But we think that we can mold the way we are going to do it in a way that they are going to like it and it will be less disruptive for them, but any time you change jobs and this is a change in job, there is some disruption, but I think the districts making higher money in between is going to help offset the disruption, because here these districts are as we are announcing this making more money. So they need to be out there selling, because we have only guaranteed it through the end of the year, although I hope will possibly continue it if it works. So, while we have got this disruption at the state level, we have got this enormous positive thing happened at the district level, which I think will help drive sales. So, that’s why I am encouraged. But look I am an internal optimist when it comes to sales. I don’t want to overstep it, but as I said, I will be very disappointed, if I don’t see an uptick in the fourth quarter. And then going forward, I expect to see improvements.
Ken Janke: John, this is Ken. Let me start off and Kriss may want to add something to this. First on the SMR, the proper repatriation estimate for the number of 131.4 is fully reflected in the SMR estimates of around 800 that we announced.
Ken Janke: This is Ken. Regarding the expenses related to the change to the salary position we will know a lot more in the next couple of months as we budget because of that amount about half is related to the state operating expenses that Aflac will now be responsible for. In addition, it also includes the overhead that it will take to manage in effect 66 tele workers around the country plus their, whatever administrative staff, they have a secretary or admin that we also pull in on. So, we will have to tighten down those expenses, but that’s the best estimate right now. That – so we are layering on fixed cost. There is an expected offset with the reduction in variable costs, because we will now – you should see total commission expense as a percentage of revenues declined going forward, because we are not going to be paying out renewals for that level of the hierarchy any longer. So, the more that we sell, the shorter the payback period in terms of that reduction in variable expense offsetting the fixed expense that we will be putting on the income statement.
Ken Janke: Right. It is more – you will see in year two meaning the second 12 months, you see a larger offset, because you always would see sales coordinator position will still be – they are in effect – they are still earning commissions on business that they had written all the way up to September or will write all the way up to September 30 of this year. So, the drag is really greater in the first year than it would be in the second.
Ken Janke: On your follow-up question on share repurchase, when we buy, we want to make sure that we are buying in a manner that we are acting as a responsible investor. We try and buy below the VEP, which we did in the second quarter and we have generally been able to do. We want to stay on track for the full year amount of $1 billion and trying to be as opportunistic as we can. So, really it was just some judgment on our part based on market conditions, volumes the way the stock was trading so on and so forth, but we still again expect to be at the $1 billion mark for the full year. We will have to see how that plays out between third and fourth quarter.
Kriss Cloninger: Already reflected in there. As far as the expenses go for Aflac Japan, we’d have expected to see their earnings more front loaded this year in terms of our total forecasting and modeling and part of that is just related to the expected infrastructure expenses that we talked about last year with our third quarter release in our guidance is the head wins for instances. And then clearly, the restructuring of the state position from a mission-based position to a salaried position, which starts in October, is something new, but also would result in higher expenses in the fourth quarter.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, and I’d also point out too that we have benefited in the first half of the year from lower benefit ratios than we had in prior periods. If you look back, you’ll see that generally the second half benefit ratios for both Japan and U.S. are higher than they are in the first half of the year. So, we’d expect them to increase.
Kriss Cloninger: Well, this is Kriss. I will just kick in. It – we have to get it approved by the FSA. We had a party day that pretty much the anniversary of the new agreement, which would be around October 1. We didn’t anticipate implementing it prior to that time. So, if you could have the impression we were doing it earlier, it was somewhat inaccurate, but we are more or less on track with our original plan to get the JP specific product in their hands, hopefully around the beginning of the fourth quarter.
Kriss Cloninger: I think it’s too early. What we don’t know is the uncertainty of Japan Post and specifically how Kampo will do with the new product. At the end of the third quarter, we can probably shed a lot better light on that.
Kriss Cloninger: Tom, it’s Kriss, now I try to address that, yes, we’ve – we have had lower earnings in the second half of the year than the first half and then part of its due to the reason you’ve identified sometimes or cautious on our expense initiatives and first half of the year and as we’ve moved through the year and gained more certainty that we’re going to be able to achieve our annual EPS guidance then we kind of loosen the strings a bit and particularly in the marketing promotion area may have a larger expenses that’s been true gosh for years now. Not just last three or four years may be more recently in Japan. The other thing that has gone on traditionally, Tom is that we – now that we’ve had all of the stock stuff in place for years and years we’ve had to define the process of evaluating our claim reserve estimates in the like with the auditors and we’ve got a particular process employees where we evaluate certain reserves in the third quarter and certain other reserves in the fourth quarter. And so the historic patterns reflected some reserve strengthening for example in closed blocks like dementia due to lower interest rates than anticipated in the reserving in the like. And we’ve had some reserve strengthening over time for that that tends to occur to some extend the third quarter, some extend the fourth quarter. So, that’s been more financial reporting seasonality than an actual benefit reserve seasonality. This past year, we did a reinsurance agreement in the fourth quarter that actually improved benefit ratios in the fourth quarter relative to the third. We’ll have the reporting of that reinsurance fully integrated into our benefit ratios by the end of the third quarter and we’ll give some improvement in the third quarter benefit ratio in 2014 compared to the third quarter of 2013, Robin identified that was about 0.5 point improvement in the benefit ratio in the second quarter of this year and will be again in the third quarter and the fourth quarter that will be in the system we’ll have direct comparability so that improvement will go away. When we do have some seasonality claim patterns that we reflect in the financial statement more today than we used too, we used to be able to move them out a little bit. And these days, the accounts are more sensitive to smoothen anything else, so we have to go more with the actual seasonality of things and claims tend to be lower in the first part of the year as people they tend to back load business for the doctor in the actual claim processing partly due to deductibles and the like, but partly just due to the holidays and other seasonal patterns. So that’s a long answer to a pretty short question, but I will focus more on the accuracy of the annual estimates. And we did because we exceeded our six month EPS increased – exceeded our annual high end of the range of 5.4% was greater than our annual range of 2% to 5%. And because of some of the anticipated expenses we have talked about earlier, we decided to tighten the range within the 2% to 5% going to 3% to 4%. So that’s some of the rationale behind it.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. That’s a fair way to put it. I do want to just say that I specifically mentioned dementia reserves and we have had a couple of increases over the last couple of years. But right now we don’t anticipate doing that in the third and fourth quarter. We will have to look at the interest assumptions behind the reserves. But with the stabilization of investment yields in the total portfolio and the like we don’t think we have got that kind of interest rate exposure we had in the past that led us from reserve increases, so that’s a favorable thing.
Kriss Cloninger: We have seen beginning last year very strong sales in our medical product. We anticipated that the medical sales would sustain slightly better growth in the first half of this year than we originally saw. That said, we still believe that the product continues to go in a strong manner. We are focused on the standard medical plan, not our gentle ever plan at this time. But we believe those products will continue to sell well in the coming quarters. That said, it is the reality that competition continues to put out more and more new products all the time. And one other things that we have to continue to do one of the key reasons I mentioned earlier our desire to be able to launch products in a quicker manner is the sustainability of the length of time that a product last in terms of the boost of new sales. So we are constantly monitoring that. We do believe we still have continued tailwinds with our medical plan for some period of time, but we continue to notice that, but amount of time that a new product is lasting is slightly less than it used to be.
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss, I pushed down a bit, so look we got to have the revenues to build the house – the house of earnings. And we have done well at building earnings over the period and sales are an important part of the earnings for Aflac U.S. The premium income for Aflac U.S. is probably at least 25% first year and about 75% renewal. In Japan its not is big, it’s little less than 10% first year premium 90% to 92% renewal. But I need that growth in first year premium to help grow the revenues overall if we are going to get earnings growth. So that’s why it’s important to keep getting new sales and to keep pushing on new sales estimates and the like to achieve our overall financial objectives which include growth in earnings per share.
