Frederick John Crawford: Max mentioned this at the FAB and I'll let him add any color he has but we talked about the potential of managing down roughly 10% to 25% of our overall hedge costs, as we move through 2019 and that's the goal and how we look at it. We haven't necessarily sized the limits on the program. Right now as I mentioned, we're at $1.7 billion. We would expect to build from there but then stop and make sure we can monitor and have all the appropriate controls and so forth in place and liquidity in place and we may build from there. We'll provide more detail on our December outlook call as to how we see 2019 roll-out, Nigel. And so right now just know there are $1.7 billion currently, we would expect to build from here but we'll give more detail on the outlook call.
Frederick John Crawford: I would say that there is definitely an issue related to the – a good issue related to the mix of business. But it's a bit more subtle than you're finding for example in Japan where you have a more dramatic shift in earn premium between first sector and third sector. In the U.S., the shift that's going on essentially in terms of our in-force book is that the cancer in-force book of business which naturally carries a higher benefit ratio and lower expense ratio is starting to become a lower percentage of the overall in-force as we sell more accident in hospital. But particularly the growth in the group side and that group business tends to be a lower benefit ratio, higher expense ratio type of business. And that mix has been taking place fairly steady over the last five years or so. And that is contributing to a generally better benefit ratio and a little bit of upward pressure on the expense ratio. But I would say in this particular quarter you have dynamics really related to natural claims experience. The claims levels coming in this quarter were lower than expected and that makes its way through our numbers, including modest IBNR adjustments associated with it et cetera. So there is really both going on and – but I would say what is of a more permanent nature is that that slow steady shift in in-force business towards lower benefit ratio product and higher expense ratio.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah, there is really not – the margin – the pricing dynamics on cancer and medical are substantially similar in nature. There is no significant difference in the margin targets that we price for and the product. And the products also behave very similarly in terms of benefit ratio expectations and expense ratio dynamics. What I would note not necessarily your question, but what I would note is that we are starting to talk more about first sector protection products and while small we had a nice tick-up in our first sector protection sales in the quarter as we introduced a new Whole Life policy. Because the type of first sector product we are selling now is not a savings-oriented product, it's also been priced with a very similar margin dynamic as we experience on third sector. And so we continue to kind of broaden our product mix and offer up more product selection to particularly our core agencies which includes first sector protection and I just want to note that that also has a very similar margin dynamic and you'll see that incorporated into our projections as we go forward. We are starting to see first sector that run-off of first sector and the paid-up first sector products start to slow now. And we are hoping that here over time, we turn a corner and start seeing some premium growth as we move forward. But again remember this has all been in the spirit of a very good economic value build going forward.
Frederick John Crawford: In terms of direct-to-consumer, I would say first of all you should not expect that particular initiative to have a material impact on our overall ratios for obvious reasons. But typically in the early days particularly the early days of building out a direct-to-consumer channel, you're going to naturally have a disproportionate amount of investment and expenses relative to premium generation for a period of time. So clearly, there's going to be a level of investment. But the products are priced and the margin is such that it would normalize into very typical benefit ratio expense ratio dynamics going forward. But from a just pure business build perspective, you are obviously going to have some investment before you get the premium levels to where they can absorb the cost structure.
Frederick John Crawford: Hey John, one other thing I might say about hurricanes which is not in your question, but it is important to note when looking at our ratios quarter-over-quarter. Hurricane season last year of course was particularly more severe, because it wasn't just a big hurricane season, but it hit highly populated areas. And one thing you'll note looking at quarter-over-quarter benefit ratio and expense ratio is last year's third quarter had a higher benefit ratio and had a lower level of DAC amortization and the reason for that is when hurricanes hit what often happens is the states will come in either by county in some cases or the entire state. In the last year's hurricane season, it was effectively the entire State of Florida and parts of Texas. They will actually require insurance companies to basically freeze the policies in place and not allow them to lapse. When you do that you actually you have obviously a spike up in persistency during that period which causes a natural climb in your benefit reserves to reserve for claims activities and then you'll have much lower DAC amortization because the policies aren't lapsing. So one thing I would note is we think this quarter is while a very good benefit ratio in the quarter, it's a somewhat normal quarter, but when you look quarter-over-quarter you'll see the benefit ratio dropped quite a bit but also DAC amortization picked up significantly and that was really related to last year's hurricane season. So just a point of information.
Frederick John Crawford: One thing I would note on this topic is in the quarter you notice that we had an elevated or a tick-up, if you will, in the expense ratio in Japan and not all of that but a good portion of that driven by DAC amortization being up. The thing to remind you all of is that it makes a difference as to what cohort of policies are lapsing and reissuing. And for example, because our new cancer product included a very popular waiver of premium feature and that of course being priced for and properly priced to the margins and so forth and higher premium per policy type dynamic. That type of a feature can attract lapse and replacement from newer, more freshly issued policies or policies issued in the last five years. When you have lapse and reissue on those types of policies that cohort you will obviously release more DAC or amortize more DAC than you do release reserves. So you'll have a more pronounced impact or a higher level of DAC amortization than you do benefit on the benefit ratio side. So keep that in mind, that it has a lot to do with what cohorts are lapsing and reissuing as well.
Frederick John Crawford: It's, first of all, 3% to 5% for the fourth quarter is the expectation. Obviously, that puts us at the lower end of the range. We've definitely been – with fourth quarter being the opportunity for larger case enrollments, we've been selective to manage profitability and so that's why we are comfortable with that 3% to 5% range. As Dan alluded to in his comments, broker sales occur both with our broker distribution team and with select members of our agency field force. And so as the percentage of our total sales gets towards broker sales, I think you'll see us over the next couple of years have the opportunity to adjust our range. I wouldn't categorize it as high single-digits, because I think it depends on where the market is.
Frederick John Crawford: Yeah. I would say that our comments remain fairly consistent with what June Howard had covered at FAB. And that is, we are like everybody in the industry, we are working on the project. I think, what I would say is that there are certain aspects of the new FASB adoption that I do think could be beneficial to just investors, if you will. And in terms of transparency, I think DAC amortization, for example, is going to be easier to follow and provide greater stability. I think some of the unlocking, if you will, of reserves can provide good meaningful information to investors. And so I don't feel as if the new FASB guidelines are necessarily a negative. What is probably mostly the challenge is volatility, and that is you're going to likely have some additional volatility in results that is going to have to be explained and understood as to what is economic volatility and what is not economic volatility to the company. So, I don't have a heck of a lot more color to provide you on that, because we are still working through the project, making sure we are interpreting and applying things properly. My editorial comment would be, you've got one fundamental application of the new FASB rules, but they're going to react differently depending on your business model. And Aflac has a very unique business model, unique in the U.S. with our supplemental and health-oriented products and unique in Japan in that we are heavily weighted towards third sector. These are all really good economic issues for the company, because they provide stability and good clarity of margin and reliability of margin at a relatively low capital required to support the business. So these are all the types of economic business lines that the rest of the industry is looking to grow over time. And so – but, the unique nature of our position in those markets means that when you adopt the guidelines, you may have a different type of reaction on certain line items, whether it be an OCI or reserve dynamics, because it is just the mix of our business. So what's going to be important for us is not only explaining the impact of the adoption, but as important to me, why that adoption means something different because of the makeup and mix of our business. So we are working on it, John.
Frederick John Crawford: Yes, in terms of the rolls, going back to what we told everybody. For 2018, at the end of last year, we chose to lock-in the majority of our Group 1 hedges. Our Group 2 hedges are locked in, if you remember the charts I showed back at the analyst meeting, think of those. And a lot of the term-out hedges are actually starting to roll now – between now and the end of the year. But we are in the middle of our planning sessions now and thinking about for 2019, we are thinking about hedge costs, interest rates, the net income of our floating rate assets, so we right now are discussing what we want that strategy to be and we will report out at the outlook call more specifics on our decision around that. I would tell you although to keep in mind the following and this is the beauty of the strategy, particularly with Group 1, the floating rate. Regardless of whether we lock-in or not, if we don't – if hedge costs continue to go up and assuming that's driven by LIBOR, which is the biggest determinant of hedge cost, not the only though. Well, hedge costs will go up, the income from the floaters will go up and the nice thing is that net number, the growth income from the loans or the floaters less the hedge cost is there is a trend up, we get a boost on both sides of that statement, if you will, which means our net should be pretty consistent and solid. To the extent we choose to lock it in, there is somewhat of two elements of that decision. One part of that decision is, we have a view that hedge cost will continue to increase during the year. And secondly, we might have a view that all things may equal and provides a little bit more stability to net investment income and earnings. So those are some of the factors that go into our decision-making, which as I said, we are looking into now to be able to report out at the earnings call.
Frederick John Crawford: Actually, when thinking in terms of GAAP capital, if you will, in terms of equity, because you are have more of a mark-to-market through net income of both the positions, you would expect the offset to calm down some of that type of volatility. That's not the expressed design of the program. The design of the program is economic and that we are wanting to defend the economic value of our Japan franchise, for our shareholders in dollar terms. And so we think of that hedge as being a combination of unhedged U.S. dollars in Japan, borrowing in yen at the holding company. And now this strategy of back-to-back hedges at the holding company. These are three tools that we are using effectively to protect the economic value of Japan franchise from movements in the yen, particularly a weakening yen over a long period of time. And so that's really the basis of it is economically in its design. It's not meant to be some sort of hedge on earnings or hedge that specifically looking to calm down GAAP definition of equity tangible or a OCI. So that's the way, I would describe it Ryan, that we've dialed it in economically.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] Well, first of all, at the beginning of the year, we were expecting that our target will be slightly negative to flat. [Foreign Language] And in the second quarter, we have focused on the sale of cancer insurance and have conducted TV commercials as well as sending out direct mails. [Foreign Language] And as a result, our sales performed beyond our expectations and we ended up at almost equivalent level as the record-high sales. [Foreign Language] So as a result, in the first half, we have changed our third sector outlook to low-single-digit. [Foreign Language] And in the third quarter, because there has been acceleration of sales to the second quarter among agency channel, that has impacted. [Foreign Language] And as a result, there has been some decline in sales. [Foreign Language] However, throughout the entire – for the full year, we are expecting to achieve the target that we said we will achieve at the beginning of the year.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] Well, first of all, in terms of our medical insurance market, there are many companies that are entering this market, because of the low interest rate. What I mean by that is that these companies are shifting from savings type product to medical insurance. [Foreign Language] And also another background is that some of the domestic insurers are converting their medical riders to base policies. As a result, the share is being distributed to more companies. [Foreign Language] And in our case as you say, our medical insurance has gone a cycle – a year cycle ever since we've launched a new product. On top of that from the second quarter and on, our agencies really focused their sales on cancer insurance sales. As a result, medical insurance sales declined. And that's exactly what you mentioned. [Foreign Language] And since cancer insurance and medical insurance are key products, we are revising these products in a very well-planned manner. [Foreign Language] And in terms of medical, because the competition is very severe, there is no change to the policy to be renewing our product in a shorter cycle. [Foreign Language] So, we do have a plan to revise our medical insurance.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] Yes, we cannot explicitly because of the FSA filing issue, but then yes that is somewhat what we are thinking of.
Koji Ariyoshi: [Foreign Language] Well, in terms of JP, their customers are brand-new customers to us. [Foreign Language] And of course, JP is selling our products to their existing policyholders but then at the same time they're also using our product as a doorknocker to selling other insurance.
Daniel P. Amos: Nigel, what I would say in addition to that that really simplifies it is that we have never done as big a mail ad as we did and we have never had TV ads that talked about the mail out. They all hit in the second quarter. And because of the TV ads, it skewed the business to come in more in the second quarter whereas they would have been slower to respond to the mail outs, but the TV ads increased their ability to perform and go ahead and submit the applications. So, we saw that big surge which we warned everybody about in the second quarter that it wouldn't carry over in the third. And sure enough, the mail outs and the business it took place with the TV ads came in in at second quarter and was a much shorter tail than it normally would have been had we not been doing the TV ads.
Daniel P. Amos: And I would make one other comment about that is that regarding medical insurance one specific area that we are taking a lot of focus on is the non-standard medical. We've been very successful in that market. Everyone is offering new products now. And so what we are looking at is the non-standard medical we used to call it – we call ours gen lever but we are looking it now to see how we think we can have an even better product in all of our medical area including that.
Daniel P. Amos: Well, I think the question is a good one and what I would argue is, is Japan Post sales going to be down or is it going to continue to grow. And right now, we are in negotiations to see where they'll end up next year but they certainly have not penetrated that market and it has great potential. So, I'm encouraged about still future growth – continued sales with Japan Post. It's a little too early to tell yet, but I hope to get to those numbers with Japan later on. I also think that the gap product that we are introducing, the gap product is really not just a new product. It's really an expanded distribution. It's early on, remember it will be more like Internet sales directly to consumers and predominantly younger people so the premium will be lower, but what it can do is set up a base of policyholders that we can then add new riders and new policies to as they age and as they have more need for insurance coverage. So we are watching that carefully and hoping that that will grow certainly with the brand and the high name recognition that we've got. It will play into our hand as well. The other thing that I'll touch on is first sector protection policies. It's too early to tell in terms of what it will look like in 2019. But I can tell you that we are very happy with the profitability that it's showing because it's driven by the mortality underwriting and it is very good for us. And so that's another area that even though when we talk about sales of third sector, this has the profitability along the same lines as third sector. Not that big yet, but has the potential to grow our market as well. So you add those together and we'll give you a lot better look at the outlook call on exactly what's going to be happening. But I did want to give you some insight into it.
Daniel P. Amos: Let me give you a different perspective a little bit on this. Career sales for the nine months are down about 1% and they count roughly two-thirds of our sales. Broker sales and group sales, both are up – broker's up 8.6% and group is up 26%. So as that mix changes and it goes from one-third, two-thirds to 50-50. If we're continuing to see broker sales grow at double-digit, which we think we can do, that number with time is going to shift towards the larger numbers, if we do what we hope we can do. So that's not to say we're claiming that, we'll be talking about that at the outlook call. But just think of it in terms of when you look at us, and we saw the similar thing with the corporate agencies in Japan, how they were the foundation of the company when we started, but the growth came from new distribution channels. And so, they're still very important, just like our individual agents that are selling for us. But it's a changing marketplace, and I think it's going to evolve with time and that growth pattern that you're seeing and the job they're doing with our brokers is very positive when you break it out.
Daniel P. Amos: Operator, I believe that concludes our call? And I want to thank everyone for joining us this morning for our call. And hope that you will join us on December 3, Monday for our 2019 outlook call. Please feel free to contact our Investor & Rating Agency Relations Department if you have any questions in the interim. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
J. Todd Daniels: Yeah, thanks Fred. First of on the lapse and reissue topic, over the course of the year after we introduced a new product, you can expect anywhere from 20% to 25% of our sales to be a result of lapse and reissue activity. And typically what we are doing with these new products is we are generating incremental economic value to the company, we're benefiting the policyholder because they have up-to-date coverage and we feel like that's a win-win for the customer and the company at the same time. And regarding cancer sales and the growth rates and specifically the table that was at FAB, if you went all the way back to 2002 to today, I think that the numbers are approximately show that we grew about 1.5 million policies. That gets us in the neighbourhood of 15 million policies in-force today. The total market also grew while the same phenomenon we spoke to medical earlier, where you have companies coming in offering things like term coverage or in some cases one-year free coverage of cancer, their policies are actually getting counted in the total policy in-force count. So we believe the market share number is a bit skewed when you look at the publicly available information. If you were to – if you have the information on a premium basis, we feel like we would be in a much higher position, but unfortunately that information is not publicly available.
J. Todd Daniels: Yeah, I think that you would see similar trends. I don't think the numbers would be that different. A couple of things you have to keep in mind when you shift to the policy-based persistency is things like the first sector business that have different premium dynamics. So you may see slightly different persistency metrics across the paid-up type products on a policy basis than you would for premium. But in general the trends behave very similarly, especially on the third sector business which has generally Whole Life premiums. You're not going to see that much difference. The average premium per policy for cancer, medical and most third sector is in a similar range. So you don't have an influence of any odd-sized premiums impacting your premium persistency number.
J. Todd Daniels: No, I think that's right, Fred. And just remember, it all depends on the cohort of policies that lapse, whether they're more recently issued or if they're older in-force policies and that will determine the amount of benefit reserves release versus DAC amortization that you get on the P&L.
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. Thank you. Well, I'll start with Japan. The size of that portfolio today is about little over $6 billion. And it's comprised of bank loans, middle market loans and transitional real estate. I don't have the exact breakdown between them, but the bulk is probably in transitional real estate followed by middle market loans and the bank loans. They're offloading off of LIBOR, transitional real estate is typically investment grade. Middle market loans are typically below investment grade B, same with bank loans. But all are highly negotiated to underwriting standards that we dictate with those providers. U.S is a few hundred million. I don't have those numbers right at my fingertips. So it's a smaller percentage of their portfolio and also keep in mind, for Aflac Japan, we like them particularly as part of our dollar program, because they are easy to hedge. The three months hedging that we do typically can go out to a year, matches the duration of those floating rate instruments and has a high correlation to LIBOR, which drives the interest income on those instruments as well as the hedge costs. So for Aflac Japan, for our dollar program, we particularly like them, but of course, it has to start with how do we like the assets, the credit underwriting and things of those sorts.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes, but not in a dramatic fashion, because we too don't see an event vis-à-vis credit markets, even despite equity markets that would terribly impact from a credit standpoint and the quality standpoint. We don't see anything probably for another year and a half. Having said that, what we are thinking about and acting on as an example is when we look at our traditional credit book, like investment-grade bonds, the high-yield bonds, the old yen private placements, which are much less reduced from years ago, but nevertheless, we still own them, we are saying to ourselves well, to the extent we see something in 2020 and we are not calling for a major sell-off, but a change of the credit cycle, are there credits that we'd rather not own? Because in that market environment, they'll start to deteriorate around the edges. So, we have been doing some de-risking, particularly some old yen private placements throughout the year. And year-to-date, we've de-risked about $1 billion of positions. Again, nothing that raises an alarm for us, it's just good hygiene. You want to be better positioned when the credit cycle turns. The other part of the portfolio I would call out is in our middle market loan portfolio. We have definitely seen a lot of money chasing those types of deals. It's well written about in the press. Our production this year has been a little slower than we expected, because we are upholding our credit underwriting standards. There are a lot of players in the market that are loosening those; because they've committed to their investors, they're going to buy those assets. Well, we've not taken that view and we're in the middle now of planning for next year as we go through what we call our silver and gold plan here internally and we have to think about on the investment side deployment, and particularly to private markets like the floaters where we've made a commitment. So, in the middle market loan space, just from a standpoint of planning, we're planning to be more conservative with respect to how much we might actually be able to underwrite and deploy. Having said that, the other part of our floating rate portfolio transitional real estate, we still find very good relative value. Spreads have come in somewhat, but that market has not been as hot, if you will, as the middle market loan space. So, we see that as a place to potentially offset some of the lower deployment in middle market loans. But to your question, John, around the credit environment, those are the two areas I would focus in on where we are making adjustments. That will have minor impacts to net investment income, they are not major. But when that credit cycle turns, the actions we take today will serve us well at that point in time.
Eric M. Kirsch: Well, that's a little difficult to answer because the new money yield will be not only impacted by spreads but the overall level of just interest rates and remember, in our book we've got Japan interest rates and dollar interest rates. And from that perspective, both are generally heading up now. So even to the extent we're buying yen assets and we are – we do need good old-fashioned yen assets, whether they'd be JGBs, private placements, yen publics for ALM purposes for Japan. Those new money yields have been trending higher around the edges, so that's good. In the U.S., relative to our floating rate portfolios, we still have capacity in both asset classes of transitional real estate middle market loans. We have definitely seen some spread compression offset by higher LIBOR yields, because you know those coupons are set based on LIBOR plus the spread. So net-net, we've seen a small decline, but not large. When we put that money to work, I would keep in mind two things that those portfolios for us, the floating rate portfolios, the loans, become mature portfolios. There is a natural speed of prepayment on those loans. They typically can be anywhere from 3 to 5 years. But you do start to get natural prepayments. So you will see, in our new money, maturities not only of old fixed-rate bonds, but even prepayments of some of these floaters, which then therefore, gives us ample capacity to reinvest back in the market depending on the credit underwriting standards. So a shorter answer to your question is for Aflac Japan, I'd expect the new money yield next year if conditions were the same as now to be hovering around that high-2%, low-3%, maybe 3.25% type area. I'll just keep in mind, from a tactical perspective, as we go through the year, some of our investment strategies could pivot depending on what happens in any of those markets. But that's what I would say if just market conditions stay the same and our new money allocation stayed approximately the same, which at this point we would expect.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes. Thank you. And also, I'll take the opportunity, because Andrew had asked I didn't have it at my fingertips but I do now. For Aflac U.S., there is about $1 billion in total approximately on the balance sheet currently of those floating rate assets and about two-thirds is in transitional real estate and about one-third in middle market loans. Relative to your question, no our asset allocation for the quarter was pretty even throughout. There was, at the beginning of the year, a higher amount in transitional real estate, because we were successful at finding and deploying assets in that asset class. But now, it was pretty more normal and spread out. But we'd expect that new money yield to be traveling in the 4.5% to 5%, broadly speaking for Aflac U.S.
