Frederick Crawford: Yes, thank you, Nigel. It's not more competitors, really, more specifically, what we've seen is some of the large and respected domestic life insurance players have moved towards refreshing their medical products as well as enhancing compensation or basically incentives, if you will, around the sale of medical product. We think this is understandable given that the interest rate environment has made it very difficult to sell yen-based life insurance products. And so that's really what we're starting to see take place. We have distribution -- unique distribution through exclusive agency arrangements and so most of what we see in the way of competitive dynamics is in the nonexclusive agencies that we sell-through and perhaps to a lesser degree, some of the banking channel which is very small for us right now.  And so that's why the new product refreshment is meant to be more competitive but also particularly make us more competitive in nonexclusive agencies. Interestingly, it's not really a pricing war. It's really more enhancing and enriching benefits going after a marketplace that's able to pay more premium for enhanced and broader coverage capability. And so that's the gap we're looking to fill, and that's where we see the competition.
Frederick Crawford: So the reference that I made in my comments was, what we have been seeing for a while now, not surprisingly, and particularly if you listen to other True Group carriers calls, we're seeing competitors in that space look to move into the voluntary space and look to move down market, sometimes with success, sometimes without. That also leads to a level of bundling at times where true go True Group players and even health players will bundle voluntary product with their core offering. And so what we have been doing is looking at -- making sure that we have an answer to that type of competitive dynamic. First and foremost, our voluntary benefit programs on a group basis tend to be very competitive and desired by employees and HR professionals. And so we tend to do very well in that space. It's the fastest-growing part of the company. But in order to combat bundling type dynamics, we need to have a broader solution that includes Dental and Vision and also True Group Life and Disability. Right now, we have a partnership on True Group Life and Disability where we offer the product and partner with DRMS on the administrative side. And we need to involve that plat -- evolve that platform so that it's more competitive and able to fight off that type of dynamic. So again, we are competing very well in that space but we think we have more opportunity to grow if we build out those programs.
Frederick Crawford: Too early to tell on that topic. I think right now, our focus primarily is driving earned premium growth in the Dental and Vision space because obviously we've made a transaction in that space, built out the platform and we're starting to -- starting to build out that state-by-state platform to generate $300 million to $500 million of premium over the next 5 to 7 years. And so that's right now the focus, I would say, to a lesser degree, we would expect to pickup earned premium over the next 3 to 5 years on the direct-to-consumer and lead generation platform. Those are incremental adds. Remember our core business, we still intend to grow earned premium there through the blocking and tackling of building out our platforms in group voluntary as well as the individual voluntary business. But incrementally, it's focused right now on Dental and Vision and on consumer markets. True Group will evolve over time but it's too early to pinpoint earned premium on that at this point.
Frederick Crawford: I don't think we expect any material dynamic in that respect, either holding back or what have you. I think, right now, our cancer product, particularly with the right -- I'm sorry, medical product with the rider strategy remains very competitive in our core associate platform. I think, I would remind everybody that since we moved to a rider strategy, the reported sales naturally declines because you're selling a rider and we only count the rider premium as a sale as opposed to the full policy. So please keep in mind that we continue to add economic value throughout the year by maintaining policies, having better persistency and then adding riders to our core policies. So economically, we continue to push forward on medical even though the sales look a bit dampened due to the rider strategy. That hasn't changed. That will still remain popular. We just think this particular gap in our product is a good one to fill, so we've accelerated into 2020.
Richard Williams: Okay. Thank you, Humphrey, for your question. So first of all, as we've discussed at fab in September, our results finished the year as expected. And we had shared the drivers in 2019 being exiting partnerships, large case volatility and some headwinds with average weekly producer. On a positive note, our broker sales growth as well as our consumer markets contribution are 2 areas that we're very pleased with. And also, as we finish the second half of the year, as we focus on producer growth, we're encouraged to see career recruiting grow in both those quarters. From a competitive dynamic, as Fred alluded to, with medical and group benefits carriers getting into the space, this is another opportunity for us to be at the table and we're excited about our progress with Dental and Vision and the ability to also offer life and disability. So what I would say is we're seeking balance, both on our core supplemental products and also being able to provide benefit solutions on the front page benefits.
Richard Williams: The only other comment that I would say, Teresa and John, is that in the fourth quarter, we see productivity spike. So productivity in 2018 in the fourth quarter over '17 was up 5.1%. And in 2019 in the fourth quarter, it was up 4.8%. So the productivity we see is pretty consistent where most of our field force is working and that's the larger part of our sales for the year.
Richard Williams: Absolutely. Good point, Dan. So first and foremost, we communicated to our field in the fourth quarter of 2019 that we were aligning all compensation from associates through their management hierarchies, all the way up to our highest levels towards producer growth. That is something that had been missing for several years and you've seen it in sort of our inconsistent recruiting and producer growth results. It's not a quick fix, but it's on that we believe, it's going to have positive effects and we're seeing the near-term positive indication.
David Young: I would say, we certainly don't see it above and beyond the upper end of our range. It will naturally fluctuate within the range. But usually when we set those ranges, it's plus or minus around our actual financial plan target. Those plans can evolve, and of course, performance can evolve. But I would not fix a rate at some spot within the range. What I can say with confidence is we wouldn't expect to be above it. And again, these investments are all, I think, where you're going to see eventual benefit in the expense ratio is really driving the top line. Most of the investments that we're making, both operationally as well as, of course, in the incremental projects that we have around Dental and Vision and direct-to-consumer are meant to drive the top end or the revenue side of it. And that's where I think we'll start to achieve a turnaround in the expense ratio.
David Young: We do have a little bit of an offset in the sense of a little better revenue dynamic as persistency was a bit better coming off of 2019. But also locked in a little bit better net investment income coming through Japan. And that has helped us to accelerate some of that spend without impacting the bottom line that much. But again, most of the commentary is really important around the range, meaning we don't see really any change in the ranges. But again, we'll naturally fluctuate within the range.
David Young: And keep in mind that the TPA revenues, that is not running through the premium line. So when Fred talks about earned premium growth, that does not include a TPA revenue, it's coming through fees in the other income line.
David Young: I can answer the second part of your question. I'm going to toss to Japan to answer the breakout of exclusive agencies versus independent agencies. But we intend to be competitive in every channel period even on the exclusive front because we think that's important. But obviously, when you get to the non-exclusive channels, there's more of a spreadsheet environment that you have to be constantly conscious of. The fact that we are facing competition in those channels is nothing new. That has been going on for several years now. It's really just more that we need to react and react more quickly to product development moves as we see the competition turn their attention to more proactively going after medical product. That's where, for example, closing down or shrinking the product launch cycle by three months really helps because we're going to need to be more nimble as we move forward. And that's -- and this is an example of being nimble.  The cancer rider, we think, is actually a very interesting dynamic on the cancer product and will be interesting to track how we see sales going there. That rider is meant to simplify a series of riders that address different types of cancer and cancer treatment to really simplify the offering. And we think that could help both in the sales process as well as in ease of the buying public understanding, the risk benefit, if you will, or the benefit of what they're paying for. So we think that could be a very good rider. It's also a rider that adjusts with the amount of risk you have as you age. So as you know, as you age in Japan, a greater proportion of your medical costs are covered under the National Medical System and this product will adjust accordingly which makes it more affordable and more practical as you age in Japan to buy the cancer rider. So again, it's an example of both putting out a very marketable product but also adjusting to the aging population with our products. Koide-san or Koji, if you want to comment on the relative proportion of independent versus exclusive agencies if you have that data handy.
David Young: Tom, I hope that answers your question. I want to just thank everyone for joining us for this extended call today. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to reach out to Investor Relations. We'll do what we can to respond and look forward to speaking to you soon. Thank you very much.
Daniel Amos: This is Amos. Yes, let me just say, and then I'll have him follow up. That -- of course, we worry a little bit but all indications from everything we've seen, it had no effect on our brand because as you've seen in the media, we were excluded from any of the issues concerning that. So I feel good about that. I think the longer it goes on, the more potential there for issues. But I do believe that the Japan Post is on these issues, resolving any issues with the consumers. And I think the change in the management team and their focus right now has been viewed very positive by the public. And so I think it will all take care of itself in the next 6 months or so. But Koide or -- I think might want to speak on this.
Daniel Amos: Yes. Well, what I would say is there seems to be more activity in that regard, predominantly about people living to be 100 and as you probably remember from the past, they kind of send out trial balloons to see what the reaction is publicly sometimes. And it's too early for us to tell. But my gut says that there's more of an interest now than there has been in quite a while. We'll have to wait and see. But they do have issues with budgets and their deficit that they've created and how they're going to control that. So certainly, I think they're trying to find out where and how they will attack those issues. And this is certainly one way to do that by increasing the copays or deductibles. But don't walk away from this call thinking that this is a done deal and it's going to happen. We don't know any more than you know from what we read in the newspapers. But in talking to our people, I think it's a reasonable thing for them to be considering and one I think that has a much higher probability than in the past few years when it was a much lower chance of it happening.
Daniel Amos: I think it's [indiscernible] tell them about the change in compensation at the management level to try to push productivity from new associates.
Daniel Amos: Quite honestly, we have been pricing for quite a while now to mirror the improvements in morbidity that we've been seeing in Japan, but we continue to see actual to expected results run favorable which implies a continued level of improvement in benefit ratios. But we've been saying now for a while that, particularly around medical, that we would expect some level of stabilization of benefit ratios. In other words, there's a point at which you would expect that to normalize to some degree. And so there's been a slowing down gradually of movement in the third sector only better ratio that is improvement in the benefit ratio.  And we think that's illustrative of both pricing actions as well as a natural slowing down on the pace of shrinking hospitalization stays, et cetera. Having said that, these are still products that are priced at very attractive returns relative to our extremely low cost of capital in Japan and as a company. And so the economic value being added by every policy we put on our books is quite significant given our scale and the performance. So that gap, if you will, between cost of capital and return on capital remains healthy and allows us to be aggressive where we need to be. But as I mentioned earlier, we do see pricing pressure. But frankly, at the moment, right now, it's really product design type pressure which is something we can react to quickly and why we accelerated the medical product refresh into 2020.
Daniel Amos: I'll let my Japan colleagues answer, but from my perspective, I would tell you that right now, our answer is just as you say, it's attaching care or nursing care riders to the medical product that allows the buyer to age with the -- allows he policy to age with the buyer. Everything from the younger side of the cohort which is interested in income or disability type protection to core medical to then as the policyholder age is naturally attaching riders related to nursing care. We think that's the best on a risk-adjusted basis because as you can imagine, that type of risk as well as dementia-type risk is one that we want to stay away from and as a result, the supplemental nature of our policies, the limited benefit structures of our policies, the fact that it's attached to a high return medical base policy, all of that strikes us as the best way to address it. But we have to continue to explore what opportunities we have with an aging population and we'll continue to do that. But it's going to be done in a risk-adjusted way.
Daniel Amos: Thank you for the question. So as we alluded to earlier, the areas where we saw productivity was broker sales and consumer market sales. Broker sales were strong for the quarter as were consumer markets. And then, obviously, with our associate agency distribution channel, it was lower than anticipated. And then I think as we've alluded to also, our mix of business is moving gradually more towards brokerage and that's been doing that over the last 10 years and 2019 was consistent with prior movements.
Daniel Amos: Yes. I'm actually glad you asked that question because it allows me to be very clear on this. Don't confuse Argus' TPA or administrative platform with the growth expectations of our Dental and Vision business. In other words, what we bought when we purchased Argus was an administrative -- what we believe to be a top-notch administrative platform that simply administers Medicare, Medicaid, Dental and Vision products on behalf of other large typically health organizations. And that is a traditional TPA administrative-only business and not a conventional risk-taking business. That business, we would expect to steadily grow over time. And in fact, even the purchase price is designed in a way to incent growth rates. Separate and apart from that though is the Dental and Vision business which is the actual insurance business. That is really Aflac's strategy leveraging that platform to build out and sell and grow premium on Aflac Dental and Vision. And that's the $300 million to $500 million we're pointing to.
