Robin Y. Wilkey: Thank you Dan. We now run on a tight time frame this morning and we will have to end sharply at 10 o'clock. So in lieu of the numbers I normally give, we are going to go straight to Q&A. But please remember that we are available in the office for any specific numbers that you want to get following the call. So we will start now with our first question please. 
Robin Y. Wilkey: And this is Robin. I would add that if you look at the presentation from the FAB meeting Aflac Japan outlook by product category, the total overall profit margin that we’re seeing for 2015 is going to be right in the middle of what we projected. So the projection was 19% to 22% and for 2015 we’re seeing 20.3%. So I wanted to make that clear. Also when you look at the day stay, the number of days per hospital stay in Japan we’re continuing to see that decline which has been helping our benefit ratio also. 
Robin Y. Wilkey: Alright guys and ladies thank you so much for joining us. If you want to follow up with any calls we will be in the office and we thank you so much for joining us today. Bye, bye. 
Daniel P. Amos: No, I am not. But I just want to say, the increase again [Technical Difficulty] cancer sales were broad based. There is no question that Japan Post was significant but let me just say that it is the best increase in cancer sales in our existing channel that would probably add in, I can't remember how many years. So, I will let -- Kriss want to say something. 
Daniel P. Amos: Let me start on that and Kriss may want to add something. We did execute an agreement to retrocede 50% of the second tranche. You recall that the second tranche released about 55 billion yen of FSA based reserves and that was executed on October 1st of last year. And so then we retroceded roughly half of that to actually our company that is domiciled in Columbia, South Carolina, CAIC or Aflac Group. And it effectively serves as an offset to the cost that we incurred for the reinsurance. So we’ll pick up about $8 million or about a penny a share in this year from the retrocession which will reduce the cost of the second tranche which was probably around $0.025 a share still annualized.  As far as the extent to which we might do this going forward, as I indicated at the analyst meeting we conducted in Tokyo last September, we are working on a multiyear capital plan, we are building out the framework for that plan and should be able to discuss more details at the Analyst Meeting in May. But I’ll tell you we have been pleased with the reinsurance agreements we’ve executed. It’s an effective -- efficient and effective tool for us to use to release FSA based capital and we found that the retrocession is also a tool that we can use to try and minimize some of the cost of that transaction. So those are things that we’ll consider as we go forward and build out our plan. 
Daniel P. Amos: Well, the FSA recognizes that there is no arrangement between Aflac Japan and the retrocession arrangement at all. That's solely between the assuming party from the Aflac Japan Reinsurance and Aflac Incorporated through the South Carolina subsidiary. So, the FSA recognizes Aflac Japan is not party to the retrocession, therefore they aren’t involved in it. So that's no problem. Remind me what the second part of the question was. 
Daniel P. Amos: Oh, well there are significant interest among reinsurers. This reinsurance is a very competitive market. There are a number of companies that took notice of the first tranche that we arranged with Swiss Re. We have had a number of calls, we have talked to some others. Swiss Re is an important partner to us but we are talking with some others just to test the market and the waters and we believe we will have relationships with multiple reinsurers as a possibility going forward.
Daniel P. Amos: Of course we don’t know what the fourth quarter will be at this particular point. As I said in my numbers, I looked at it for the last -- the rolling 12 months and I think they are going to be close to 20% and the fourth quarter will give you more insight at the end of the second quarter. But at this particular time, we are still unsure anytime. We feel confident with what our existing channels will do but how we roll out and the way they roll out with Post is just too early to tell. So we’re not willing to go out at this particular point and give a number but we will at the end of the second quarter where we got more information. It’s not something we control. It is kind like Dai Ichi Life when we had them. We have to wait and see, but I would say we are still optimistic about our relationship with Japan Post because it’s been an outstanding relationship with them. And no one else has got anything like this and we are going to continue to grow it and work on it. 
Daniel P. Amos: Well, the one thing that it has been rather consistent is whatever the new product is that is ultimately where the sales go. And the new product for 2014 was cancer insurance. I do believe we have a distinct advantage in Japan when it comes to cancer insurance over any other product we’ve got. It’s what started our company, it’s what all consumers view as us being dominant in the market. And so from that standpoint, I think we’ve learned that cancer insurance is still very important. But I think medical will be important and I think as we introduce the new medical product, we will be -- we’re still number one in that and so I think it will just vary. Let me ask Paul of Aflac Japan if they’d like to make any comments. 
Daniel P. Amos: Well you’ll see a lift in profit margin but it will be more gradual than the first sector of business impact because a lot of the cash flows associated with the first sector business came in at the front end of the product and closer just most of the premiums were paid within a 5 to 10 year period. Whereas these health products, the cancer products premiums were paid over the life of the business. So the impact on premium income and the recognition of profit, well the recognition of profit will be over the life of the policy as it was in the first sector of business. But the revenues will come in over a slower period of time and more gradual period of time. But we should see a kind of a diminishment, we will see the impact of the first sector premiums on the margins tend to diminish as the level of first sector volume declines. 
Daniel P. Amos: I don’t expect margins to rebound immediately Tom but I think there will be gradual trend of increasing margins. The first sector business, that was about on a per policy basis 10 times the premium of a third sector policy. So there is a major, major impact on the mix shift of revenues associated with that surge in first sector of business. This is a big surge in third sector business by itself but we’re still volume wise going to write, I don’t know, the exact number but say around 70 billion of premium on third sector business right now. And we were right in the like 120 billion or something like that in first sector in those prime years. So it is just not quite.  On a policy basis we’re writing a lot more policies than we did on first sector but the premium on the first sector was so much more that I think it will be more gradual impact Tom. I’ll tell you what, we’re going to have the updated projections and the like if the FAB meeting in May and I’ll be able to update those forecast we give you on margins by product category first sector and third sector as well as an estimate of the impact on the aggregate margin for the next three years, we will be updating math. 
Daniel P. Amos: Well I am optimistic. I felt good about the third quarter, I felt good about the fourth quarter. I think what Mike Tomlinson, our new Director of Sales is doing, is working I think what Teresa is doing and her involvement with sales in terms of managing the people has been good. I am just overall very pleased. I think Dan Lebish and what he’s done with Aflac Group has been good. So it all seems to be working but one thing I will say about this new structure is it pays for performance. So there are going to be some very good bonuses in the fourth quarter. If they don’t perform well they all go make a lot less in 2005.  So I’ve always said put the money where you want it and the people will flow that way. I was in sales for 10 years. So I know that to be true, so I am cautiously optimistic but I want to wait until the end of the second quarter before I am willing to declare victory on what’s going on. Because frankly we were going against a pretty easy quarter. The fourth quarter was an easy comparison for us, so we should have done well. Now we did better than I even thought. But still it was an easy quarter. Our easiest quarter in 2015 will be the second quarter. First quarter is a little harder because we had some carry over business in 2013 so, we’ll just have to see. But I am still very encouraged that we’ll make that number and I am really not satisfied with that.  I really won't higher our numbers and I think especially with this one day pay it just opens the door for us because there is nobody in the industry that’s going to be able to process, approve, and pay in one day. And that’s what is important. It is at the time of claim that people need their money the fastest and we’re going to give it in their hands and yes, there will be some we can’t because of like short-term disability but the accident, the cancer all of the main product lines we sell we’re going to be able to give it to them. And I just think it’s going to set us apart and so I am optimistic but I still at the same time want to be cautious because I am sales man at heart. So I want to be careful here. 
Daniel P. Amos: Sure and thank you for that question and please be assured we look at all sorts of modeling of our portfolio and opportunities from yen to dollars. There could be a day when we preferred dollars to yen and we take a look the credit quality issue and your point, the JGBs we own we will be looking at in the single A category instead of the double A category given the Moody’s downgrade.  But having said that keep in mind we are balancing a number of factors. So, for example, when we look at the JGBs they do provide us with yen interest rate protection versus our liabilities because the liabilities are all in yen. So that’s a very important factor and we look at the SAA, our JGB allocation is what I would call at the lower end of the range. It could be a lot higher if we wanted even better matching characteristics where the privates help with that as well because they are yen denominated. So we will take a look at that but I don’t think there is an infinite amount of capacity to say JGB is down by 10% of the total portfolio and reallocate. There may be some opportunities around the edges. And then finally just for clarification, most of our JGBs are in either HGM or what we call PRM, policy reserve matching. We have very affluent AFS but even within PRM there are some opportunities to do asset allocation and rotate. I just wanted to clarify the accounting designation.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes, I know it. What I have told them is if we want to beat records, that's what we are after. Teresa and I both know the number by heart and we are keeping it in front of them constantly. And the sooner the better, but that's a strange call that I am keeping back there. But as I said, 5 is the number. 
Kriss Cloninger: I just want to point out Steven that it is the growth rate in the fourth quarter that we are more concerned about, it is the comparison not the absolute value. Japan can comment and affirm it but I believe that the projected sales in absolute terms or similar in the fourth quarter is to what they were, would be in the previous couple of quarters. And it is just the growth rate that will decline. So I want to clarify that. Now Paul or anybody else in Japan might want to elaborate. 
Kriss Cloninger: The only thing I’d add is that technically we said we retroceded, we Aflac Japan ceded a block of business to Swiss re and Swiss Re retroceded to our South Carolina company. It’s an independent risk sharing transaction, it’s a two legged transaction in Japan. Aflac Japan doesn’t have anything to do with the retrocession. It doesn’t impact their financials in anyway, they weren’t involved in the transaction at all. The retrocession transaction was arranged between Aflac Incorporated and Swiss Re with an Aflac Incorporated subsidiary. So, just to clarify the technicalities of that. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well, this is Kriss. I will say that -- you have heard me say in prior years there are a lot of moving parts to our earnings estimates. And clearly we are in recognition of the fact that the historically low interest rate environment is a headwind to us both in new sales in Japan. We don’t want to sell products that don’t have appealing profit margins and at today's yen denominated interest rates it is hard to get an appealing profit margin on our first sector sale.  We have been doing some alternative investment strategies to mitigate that and we will continue to pursue those alternative investment strategies for the business we do sell. But the fact of the matter is that new sales will be a drag, first sector sales will be a drag a bit. The ability to invest current cash flows at attractive investment yields is a challenge. Eric can talk to that if appropriate. And then you get to the benefit side of things.  We benefited from a decline in benefit ratios for a number of years now and the way we do our earnings estimates, we take a look at where we are today. We tend not to anticipate any further improvement in a step to be conservative. We have experienced improvements and therefore we have been able to be in the mid to high end of the earnings range for the last several years.  In 2015 if we continue to get improvement, it will move us towards the high-end of the range. If things stay about the same, then we will probably stay in the mid part of the range. If things deteriorate a bit, in terms of no additional improvement or some modest deterioration, things might move towards the low end of the range. But that's why we have got a range. It is just a lot of moving parts and we don’t have a lot more insight, well we don’t have total insight into that. So, that is why we give a range. 
Kriss Cloninger: This is Kriss. I will take that. First of all let me say that these increased expenses in the U.S. are built into the projections. We had a pretty good estimate of them and they are cranked in there, so -- and they are predicated on a 5% sales increase for the year, which is our objective. Okay, that is why as far as our capacity and interest and additional reinsurance, that is going to be dictated by our capital management planning. We are taking a more comprehensive approach to doing capital management planning including identifying potential uses of capital and discussing potential sources of capital. And we don’t want to act precipitously in just doing reinsurance deals for the sake of doing reinsurance deals because we can't free up some of the additional reserves that are available in Japan. We want to have and identified appropriate use for that capital to the extent we choose to repatriate some of those proceeds from Aflac Japan to Aflac U.S. and subsequently to Aflac Incorporated.  There are uses for capital other than share repurchase partly to make sure we got squared up on our tax cash flows in the U.S. and some other things like the position of the U.S. operation from a capital perspective where we have been forcing the U.S. operation to kind of pay the shareholder dividends for some time. And there is a modest imbalance if you just looked at U.S. only versus Japan that we are trying remediate. It is not a source of concern among ourselves or among the regulators. But it is something we are trying to do some advanced planning on. And there are certainly potential other uses for capital.  So, we are trying to do a more comprehensive program and we will have more to comment on, mostly likely at FAB in terms of the progress we are making in that regard. But I just want to emphasize we are not going to do reinsurance for the sake of doing reinsurance because we can. We have to have a disciplined approach about this and that's what I am trying to do and put in place. 
Kriss Cloninger: But I will also and let me add some to that, this is Kriss again. We are making some modest investments to protect all of our distribution relationships. All of our distribution relationships are important to us particularly the bank channel where there are limitations on what we are going to sell in the first sector. But we are making accommodations in selling a certain amount of business in order to protect those relationships for the longer term. 
Kriss Cloninger: Tom, this is Kriss. The cancer product that’s created the surge in sales as an annual premium long duration product, not that as sensitive to interest rates. I think at the FAB meetings I’ve shown that third sectors products are relatively insensitive in terms of profitability to levels of lifetime net investment yields associated with the cash flows, associated with that product. We do bills from reserves. The old blocks have some cash to render values and long duration benefits that we are selling the cash value rider this time out. But it’s not that sensitive. And we have diminished some of the long duration benefits that tend to bill reserves a lot. So the cancer product is not nearly as inter sensitive as a first sector product and in fact I don’t absolutely know it but I think its profitable at zero percent interest. So that would tell us something there. Let me see what else did I want to say. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well WAYS was where we had the surge previously and clearly that was inter sensitive both in terms of it being limited pay. We got most of the funds up in the short term and the intra spread made a lot of difference in the profitability over the long-term. So this was near that plus we don’t have things like discounted advance premium where we have to invest at today’s rate. And basically the third sector products Tom, the claims pay out more quickly over the term of the contract. They payout periodically during the term of the contract as opposed to all at the end of the contract. So basically the new third sector products, the cancer products aren’t nearly as inter sensitive as the first sector products because of the surge in 2011 and 2012 going into 2013.
Kriss Cloninger: It is Kriss, I just wanted to tell you that Dan and Teresa's motto this year is no whining. No whining. 
Paul S. Amos: Yes, first of all I would like to say that Dan and Kriss are correct that our channeled growth was across the board. While Japan Post was significant and provided significant growth around our cancer plan, we also saw significant growth not only in the corporate affiliated agencies but also with our independent agencies as well as our associates and all channels across the board. So we feel confident that, that growth was not about a single channel but about a broader environment where the Japanese consumers saw the need for our cancer product. We believe that will continue, thus our 15% increase projected over the next three quarters.  As Kriss mentioned, he is correct, sequentially the numbers will remain the same as the rate of growth that we believe will really drop off in the fourth quarter. That said it’s very difficult to tell this far out with all of the different things that we are monitoring how that’s going to go. But, the outstanding fourth quarter that happened here in Japan happened due to a consorted effort by our sales team. It capped off on incredible career for Tohru Tonoike as our President who had everyone aligned and ready to execute. And we’ve just gone through a wonderful succession here at Aflac Japan with Hiroshi Yamauchi coming on as the President. And I’d like to just let him make a quick comment before we turn it back over. 
Paul S. Amos: We are acutely focused on what our customer wants here in Japan and currently we believe our payment of claims in Japan is the fastest among all of the competitors that we have here in Japan. So while we are not doing the one day pay, we do believe we are ahead of the competition in terms of claim payment and we constantly monitor what our consumers want and if we deem that is where we want to go we would consider doing it. 
Paul S. Amos: This is Paul. Unfortunately we are not allowed to disclose the specifics around the sales for Japan Post or the projections for Japan Post. What I can tell you is that we are at three prong approach to our overall success within our partnership with Japan Post. Number one, we wanted to expand to the number of post offices which equaled number of 10,000 through end of last year. Beginning in October we wanted to expand selling through combo the Japan Post Insurance Company and we also wanted to make sure that we offered a new product that was exclusive to the Japan Post network. We’ve been successful in achieving all three of those and we know that we are going to continue to expand the number of post offices overtime as that is the objective of the overall relationship. And we believe the combination of the additional product for just a pay and post along with the expanded number of post offices will continue to allow us to foster growth in that relationship and access new customers that we would not have been able to access otherwise. So I am in no way pessimistic about the relationship but we cannot go into specifics around a numbers or the projections. 
Paul S. Amos: And just one follow-up to that too, let me mention our FSA based earnings clearly benefited from the reinsurance transaction we had secured in October of last year. As we commented on the third quarter, that influenced our thoughts as we formulated our objectives, earnings objectives and capital deployment plans for 2015. So we are looking right now at an amount that we would repatriate of somewhere around 150 billion to 170 billion yen. This year 50 billion yen of which we already received in December and that puts us in a good position in terms of executing on the capital deployment objectives we have for this year which is increasing the cash dividend and buying back $1.3 billion of our shares. So that is why -- that in conjunction with our comments Kriss has made and what we talked about last September, we are really thinking of longer term plan. 
Paul S. Amos: Yes, remember we launched our new medical product toward the end of 2013. So the comparison for medical sales in conjunction with the strong emphasis we had on launching of our new cancer plan certainly put the emphasis on third sector products on the cancer plan itself for that particular quarter. The other comment I’d like to make is really about the discipline that we’re holding in first sector because of the record low interest rates we’re seeing today and the profit margins that have already been mentioned around certain products. We are certainly restraining the total number and total volume of first sector sales given the current conditions.  Given the large volume of exclusive agencies we have at Aflac, we are certainly going to continue some presence within selling first sector products. But in terms of broadly going after the first sector in the current environment, we are restraining those sales and looking to see a fairly significant decline in first sector sales in 2015 if these trends continue. I will be closely monitoring just as we did in the fourth quarter and will be monitoring our sales. If conditions changed for the better we’ll move in that direction, if condition stay the same or worsen, we would react accordingly. But we have measures in place to affect our sales based on the type of business we want to be selling in Aflac.
Teresa L. White: This is Teresa White again. We’re absolutely headed, we’re continued to recruit but we also are wanting to make sure that we have productive recruits. So we see growth in that number, our goal is to grow that number in 2015. We are also looking to grow the number of what we call district sales coordinators and those are the field trainers, those are the people who assist those recruits and ensure that they increase their productivity. So short answer to that, you are absolutely correct, the goal is to continue to increase the average weekly producer number. 
Teresa L. White: Well what we look at really is the distribution of the product breakdown and so in the fourth quarter what we saw was really increase in sales on the broker side. We saw as far as the breakdown, about a 69% from career, 31% from broker is the breakdown. But what I really kind of want you to look at from our perspective is really the channel and we look at the channel from the perspective of the career channel being focused on the less than 100 market and the broker channel and the broker sales executives basically selling to and servicing the large case brokers. Now when you look at the product set, the products are looking more like 87% of our business is traditional, 13% is group. And we of course think of that’s going to continue to grow. 
Teresa L. White: Fourth quarter of 2013, well around 10%. So we have seen a modest growth in the group sales. But one of the things, the reason I look at it from a career distribution versus broker distribution is because even in our broker -- with our brokers, 63% of what they sell is the individual product. So the larger case brokers are the ones that are selling more of the group products but the more regional and local brokers are still selling the individual product. So you really can’t get a good feel when you’re looking at it group versus individual are the traditional products. [Technical Difficulty]
