Fred Crawford: Sure, Jimmy thank you for the question. This is Fred. Really the revision to our guidance is, as I mentioned in my comments largely bolstered by outperformance relative to our expectations on the earnings front in the US. However I would add that year-to-date both the US and Japan have been traveling at generally favourable ends of our ranges for both benefit ratios and expense ratios and so I made a point to say also or point out that Japan solid results are contributing as well, but the true outperformance relative to our expectations was more pronounced in the US earning side. In terms of as we look forward, we will spend a big deal of time not surprisingly during our December Outlook Call talking about the trends as we look at next year so I’ll spend more time there. I would say in general you would expect us in the fourth quarter for example to see some expenses pick up. This is not uncommon if you follow the company over the last few years you’ll see that tick up has to do with the timing of promotional spend and the natural progression of initiatives as we go throughout the year. As we go into the next year, we will continue to be investing particularly in our US platform and we’ll speak more about that. I don’t know that I would suggest it to be material but you would see a slightly elevated expense ratio as we invest in that platform and then in terms of benefit ratios. We’ve been tracking in particularly in the US at a favourable level. We expect to some degree to see a continuation of that near term eventually normalizing back towards our range. But we have seen some persistency if you will relative to the benefit ratio being favourably throughout the year and based on what we’re seeing right now, that should continue for a bit, but we’ll talk more about it during the outlook call.
Fred Crawford: Yes, there is really two principle drivers of the hedge cost being up, given how we report it and that was really the tactical moves made in the quarter and it was a combination of extending duration as you mentioned. I would say over the past year for example, we’ve pushed that duration of our hedge portfolio out from roughly four or five months to upwards now 10 months and that means by definition we’re buying out into the 1 year 18 month timeframe in some cases on the forward curve. This is in part not only to manage forward volatility which we think is important for consistency and stability of our reported earnings and cost, but it’s also because we’ve actually seen a flattening of the forward curve, where it’s more economic for us to go a little longer and lack some of that in, so we’ve been quite tactical on that front. The other piece that contributing over the course is just simply covering more assets and in particularly covering assets that we’ve been building in the US Dollar portfolio things like bank loans, commercial real estate and equities. We’re covering those assets are important not only from the pure hedging perspective but also you get the favourable capital treatment or really protect the favourable capital treatment that you need for SMR. So those have been the two areas of contribution I would say about 35% or so, the cost related to duration extension in the quarter and about 40% of the cost increase or the cost you’re seeing related to covering additional assets just to give you some round numbers. Again we’ll be moving to an amortized basis, which is a more logical way of looking at the cost going forward. I’ve tried to give you some color for what the quarter looks like if you were to amortize cost today. We really believe in the tactical moves we’re making and during the outlook call, we’ll give you a full rendering of how the year would look and how comparable years would look, as we incorporate it into our forecast for 2017.
Fred Crawford: And Eric you can jump in, but I think we’re traveling close to the $16 billion and this would be particular to the forwards that we’re covering. So John, realize that we use two instruments to hedge the vast majority of what we use our forwards and that’s where the cost comes in. we also do some collaring on a small portion of the assets, which tends to a much, much lower cost type approach to hedging. The vast majority of our hedging has done using forwards and that notional is traveling around $16 billion up from around $12.7 billion in the second quarter to give you an idea. And I think I’m going to anticipate where you may be going with this question from an understanding forward cost and that is, if you were to take our $16 billion in notional and just hold that constant, we’re seeing cost traveling between you know 170 to 180 basis points actually more recently it’s gotten a bit favourable coming off BOJ and Fed announcements, that’s why we move to accelerate locking in some other cost. But we think it’s more wise to be thinking in that 180 basis point range and that gives you a sense of where we’re traveling from an amortization perspective.
Fred Crawford: You it’s always hard to say and the reason for it John as well on in theory, a Fed moving rates up and the BOJ staying put or continuing to move rates down, widens out your hedge cost realized at that things are priced into the market and so to what degree a Fed rate hike is already priced into the market, is a bit speculation. I don’t know if you have any.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think we will provide some back up to that John on the outlook call. I don’t want to steal some of the announcements from that. So I would suggest you will go into more detail. I will point this out however, it’s not simply a matter of growth in the US Dollar program, which I would anticipate to be gradual. It’s also the mix of where we’re investing and what you’ve seen onto do through bank loans for example middle market lending and then more recently exploring transitional real estate lending which is just a form of bridge loans, commercial real estate. These are all characterizes being floating rate US Dollar investments not that’s particularly advantageous for us because one you’ll tend to hedge that using short dated forwards where it’s relatively less expensive forwards, but also from a duration matching perspective you end up, then is a same pressure that supply to hedge cost tend to result in increased LIBOR rates and returns are yields on the floating rate securities, but one of the things that we’re working on is not just the notion of asset allocation and where the US Dollar programs goes, but also refining our asset allocation in that portfolio to be more effective as I mentioned in my comments more efficient and effective in hedging and in the process further managing volatility.
Fred Crawford: Not particularly, actually our overall budget year-over-year is relatively stable from an overall promotional and marketing spend, there may be modest differences quarter-over-quarter from a timing perspective and particular timing of ad spend and so forth, but the notion of that being bunched around enrolment season and in the fourth quarter is not unusual and there’s not really a large step up Delta, if you will to the promotional spend.
Fred Crawford: What we’re seeing right now is first of all realized of course, benefit ratios will fluctuate each quarter and so there will be quarters where we’re in our range and quarters where we move it in the range are little favorable, but what we’re seeing year-to-date even somewhat last year and the latter stages of last year, is a consistently favorable benefit ratio and what we see going on there we believe relates to somewhat to mix of business and two particular types of business that are driving this, we believe our one group business where group business naturally is priced to and expected to travel at a lower benefit ratio than you would find say on individual products in the way it’s priced and that’s just the function of how it’s priced and that’s just the function of how it’s priced and structured as a product. And as business grows and becomes more of our in force and plays more of an influence on our benefit ratio is just a little bit of that. The other dynamic though is really more guaranteed issue business, where the actual building reserves tends to be slower and more moderate in their early years and so as you start to sell more of that guaranteed issue business as proportion of other business, you’ll see just the slower ramp up in reserves and a generally more favorable near term benefit ratio. So that’s what I mean when I say we would expect to see as those types of business age, that they will age back into our expected long-term range of benefit ratio, but for a period here. It looks as if we’re traveling at a again a persistently low benefit ratio relative to our expectations and again it’s all on the margin, where we’re traveling I think maybe 50 or so basis points, better than our guidance in general, but we’ll provide more of an update on this and some trends as we get to the outlook call.
Fred Crawford: That’s right unless we take a different tactical approach, for example decide into aggressively lock in more long-term hedges than we would expect to stick with that guidance and what that really means is, you can see we’ve covered effectively all of our needs, we’re right now about 98% covered if you will on our hedge activity in 2016 and furthermore, we’ve gone into 2017 and we covered a lock in if you will about 40% of our cost in 2017 and that’s what we want to try to do, we’re going to try rolling if you will as we go forward, so that we can create a level of consistency in our hedge cost.
Fred Crawford: From my conversations with the team, I’ll ask Eric to weigh in though. The forward market particularly the forward market involving two of the largest and more stable currencies on planet Dollar and yen is such a deep and strong market that you tend not to see the ebb and flow of purchasing and selling having a tremendous impact on it. There will be times where supply and demand do play-in, in fact into the forward cost that’s natural and by the way by locking in a little bit longer we have the ability to sort of step out on the margin where necessary and step back in tactically and that’s part of what we try to do on the margin. So there’s no doubt, there’s some possible influence but I’m not sure given the depth of this market that it would be significant, but Eric maybe you have some comments.
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s. Here’s how to think about it. In terms of our fourth quarter estimates, the post-retirement benefit adjustment we have allocated or set aside in our forecast, in our estimate an amount of money. It is preliminary and we don’t have the final because it ends up being the result of a final posting if you will of the pension interest expense or basis points from a composite and so what the pensioner world waits for is the production of that composite, but we fully anticipate it to be down. It’s hard to envision there being a recovery in it and as a result, we have a greater level of confidence there will be something and so we have set aside some money for that. In the case of our review of these legacy blocks of business I mentioned, that is not in the number because we really are too early in the process to know what might be the practical ranges or if it will be a resource for anything at all on those products and so we do not have anything in the numbers for that.
Fred Crawford: No, I would say in general it’s really a couple of things. One is what I mentioned we believe there will be a bit of an acceleration and expenses in the fourth quarter that’s what we’re forecasting, sometimes that plays, sometimes the timing of that doesn’t play out but at the moment that’s our forecast and then again recalled it. I did in fact include some level of expense related to what we believe is inevitable post-retirement benefit adjustment related to interest rates. Now again that’s not finalized and you need to understand the final before you can book anything, but we know enough to know that there’s a probably a range amount in there. So that’s a little bit of what’s traveling through the number and you know obviously we’ll continue to do our best to meet or exceed the forecast as best we can.
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s all relative it’s a matter of how big the acceleration was last year and how big this year. So I would say those are really the issues.
Fred Crawford: No, it’s not discreet, in the sense when we look at our - are putting new money to work if you will premium and what new money assumptions that’s called the new money curve, we need to achieve to achieve certain profitability levels. We not only factor in what I would call the gross yields we would expect on investing our money, but when it comes to the US Dollar program. We also are projecting a hedge cost environment into the net yields that we expect to support the product. So when we are pricing a product like WAYS, we’re looking not only at the interest rate environment and mix of investment and associated credit spread if you will. But we also in our case have to be factoring in hedge cost. So it’s a very real part of how we think about the product and so as a result, all of the re-pricing that we’re doing is really having to take into account the low interest rate environment, our asset allocation, hedge cost and then most notably and Japan is also a recognition that the standard rate if you will or the discount rate assumption used for reserving practices is going to come down materially in Japan at the end of March, 2018. All of those things have been factored in to pricing out our savings or interest sensitive related for sector products namely WAYS, child endowment and making sure that we can adhere to use of profitability.
Fred Crawford: Right, we do that actuarial work. I’ve pointed to a couple of legacy blocks of business as it relate to being particularly close to the edge and we have to watch and carefully watch that and these tend to be blocks of business that you’re familiar with Dementia, Super Care. These are products that we’ve been watching for a number of years. But we do the testing work on all of our products both third sector and first sector in the fourth quarter, not surprisingly we will see the reserve margin squeeze on first sector savings products as it relates to the current environment including hedge cost. But we have solid margins in those areas and so at the moment, we don’t see that as a risk, it’s more these acute what we are calling legacy smaller blocks, but are actually third sector business to be technically correct.
Eric Kirsch: I’ll just add to Fred’s comment. Today if you looked at one year hedge cost are about 168, but we’re anticipating upward pressure for exactly the reason you said, if you looked at the forward curve one year from now, one year hedge cost about 200 basis points. So to Fred’s point, the market is anticipating the Fed hike.
Eric Kirsch: One year [ph] from now, we would expect hedge cost probably to be higher 20, 25, 30 bps anticipating some Fed activity, but even by the Federal Reserve’s own public announcements, even if they raise rates they’ve been very clear slow and gradual nothing sharp because US economy won’t support that.
Eric Kirsch: Fred’s absolutely right, there’s not an issue, the availability of forwards. There’s plenty of capacity in the market from counterparties, however it does drive into the price of the forwards. We tend to mostly talk about the difference between central bank policy between the Fed and Japan that is the largest driver and [indiscernible] is the largest driver, but there is also something called the basis is basically a reflection of supply and demand for dollars. But to your point, a lot of Japanese insurance and other investors outside of Japan are buying along the dollar assets and therefore in the currency market and that will drive up the price in the forwards, but it will not reduce the supply. There is more than ample supply for the most liquid market in the world.
Eric Kirsch: Happy to. It’s a very, very large market and is attractive to insurance companies like ourselves. However there is a trend of a shift capital available, to the loan, middle market, loan market, even transitional real estate and what I mean by that is, there’s thousands of lenders across the United States lending to thousands of small middle market company and in the real estate market. Historically banks have been the capital providers to those loans markets for the lenders if you will as well as re-syndicating some of those loans because of Dodd-Frank the banks have removed themselves from that market, it’s no longer capital friendly for them. For an insurance company like us, we like to focus on credit risk and underwriting where we can negotiate, very tight covenants [ph], of high predictability of securement [ph] of loans if you will and our money so it’s an attractive asset class, so yes it’s true. There is a trend of insurance companies and other investors substituting for the banks. So in a way, the zero sum game I couldn’t give you exact specifics but insurance companies are coming in, where banks are leaving and providing that capital to the market. Now naturally, to supply and demand, so there may be more demand than there’s been in the past and that might tighten spread to that but you’re getting paid for taking the credit risk and those types of particular loans, companies but you’re also getting senior secured status, very tight negotiations to your favor to protect yourself in case there is any credit challenges with the company.
Eric Kirsch: Yes, absolutely. The approximate number is 2%. Meaning our earnings are about 3.6%, if you looked at spot hedge cost 160, 180. We got about 2% margin built in but we just like to follow-up a little bit on Fred’s comments before to put this thing in context because your focus appropriately so is on the large increase this quarter. When we went into this program, we presumed the long-term average of hedge cost is somewhere between two and three quarters and three. So we were very clear when we got into the program hedge cost were historically low and that was about 60 bps back in 2012, they kept traveling down to 20. So what we’re seeing now is more of a normalization, we could never know exactly when or where are the exact macro dynamics that would make hedge fast a lot, but we always knew they would go up. So even though they’re at 168 or 180 basis points today that’s about 50%, 60% of the way towards the long-term average, but then if you think about that long-term average. It would take quite a huge amount of growth in the United States for the Federal Reserve to raise interest rate so substantially, to get to those numbers. It could happen some day but we got about 2% margin to be precise on your question before we’ll be saying, this is a breakeven trait.
Eric Kirsch: That’s right and finally I’ll just again reiterate what Fred said earlier that assumes we’re passive. And we do nothing, but again we continue to look at asset allocation and changing the mix of the assets to better match off against those hedge costs like the floating rate assets. We also look at the current composition of the portfolio. We may decide to lighten up on certain asset classes and then of course, there’s - how do we look at the hedge strategy itself, which we continue to look at and as Fred has mentioned continue to lengthen duration. So if we just were passive that’s the answer, but we would expect to continue to manage that with a fine tooth comb to preserve as much as that margin whether it’s through higher income or better hedge cost management. So that will be dynamic overtime certainly.
Eric Kirsch: That’s correct, that’s the ultimate benchmark so that’s another point, Tom. Three or four years ago, 20 and 30 year, JGB’s were 2% when I got here, they traveled 10 days a point a few months ago, now they’re at about 40 or 50. So it’s all in relativity and once again the dollar program has limits and we’re actually pretty close to those limits. We have some capacity and as Fred said, we’ll talk more in the December outlook call, about future purchases but in context of a large global portfolio, we like the diversification because if all we were buying were yen assets and we’ve got quite a large amount every year maturing private placements, old assets and 2% to 3%. Our net investment income would go down pretty rapidly as well. So it’s a diversifier and it’s a balancing act. But that’s why we have limits on each part of our program.
Teresa White: This is Teresa, so thank you for the question Michael. The weak sales this quarter really I think attribute to the changes that we’ve made that are settling in. The markets that are succeeding have three fundamentals; one is, tightened broker collaboration, the second is as Dan talked about productivity per producer increased and improved productivity per producer and then the third thing is an increase in conversion rates that were approved to producers. What we’re really focused on is making sure that we managed the full performance of all of the markets from that perspective. We are seeing some positives, we’re seeing positive growth in new account. We’re seeing positive growth in producer productivity. But we don’t have all markets flicking on all cylinders and so that’s really the focus from a US perspective.
Teresa White: Yes and I’ll say from a pipeline perspective when you look reenrolment, you look at new business in the pipeline, the pipeline looks good. So we feel good about the pipeline but to Dan’s point you got to pull it out in the fourth quarter which is very, very different from what we’ve been accustomed to in the past.
Teresa White: Okay, so from a competitive perspective. We are seeing a lot more competitors in the voluntary space. Some of the employer paid benefits are now becoming voluntary benefits. So again, additional voluntary benefits in this space. At this point, we’re also seeing competitive bids specifically on the broker business. Some of the bids as I said earlier, we really are passing on because of the profile of the business and we want a really stable product profile and some were choosing to partner to get like the long-term care type products. So we’re trying to go to best-and-breed to get those, so really from a competitive set we’re seeing a lot more competitors in the market. But we still feel good about what we’re doing in the market as well.
Dan Amos: And I’m like one other contract, the new contract that we put in 18 months ago or so what you saw is, if you remember we had an enormous four quarter that year and a lot of people stayed around continued to produce, but now that half the organization is doing great and making more, the other half is making less money. These ones that are making less money who are making money under the old contract, so they’re having to perform to get paid which is the way we want it, but a lot of them re-evaluating how hard do I want to work for that money? And if they want to work hard, they can make a lot more and some of them are saying, I’ve done well I’m going to take my money and I’m going to move more towards just sales and not have to worry with sales management and how much more complicated it’s gotten. I mean, Everwell one day pay, all these other aspects have changed them from just being a sales manager to the managing or from changing from just managing sales to being a real sales manager which includes looking at profitability making sure we’re just blending our approaching to offering group products at certain prizes and so we’re going through a little change with that, we hope wouldn’t happen but I’m certainly not surprised and so that’s the other aspect.
Dan Amos: I think that it’s hard to call, I can’t tell you how much the market’s changed. I’ve been around here long time and it’s always been more of the same for the first 25 years I was doing it, now it’s not, it’s - our great sales organization which I’m so happy with and but in addition to that it’s the brokers, it’s the change what we never had the skew of business to the fourth quarter but because of the way they enrol the accounts. The way it’s working now wears me out it’s like a football game where you got to pull it out in the fourth quarter, but that number’s becoming larger and larger and we’re trying to shift it more to the third quarter and it didn’t work, they still want to turn it in, in the fourth quarter and we had more control over the associates because they listen more but when you deal with this broad based broker, you just take it when - but we got this big pipeline. So I think things are moving in the right direction, but I still believe next year the fourth quarter is still going to be big because of the way it happens.
Dan Amos: I will make one final comment and that is I don’t like the sales quite where they are, I like them better but I like what’s happening in our operations. I like the idea that we’re doing the one day pay, I like what’s happening with Everwell. I like how the brokers are coming on. I like what I’m seeing in writing large accounts, but we’re being disciplined and not just writing every account, some they couldn’t be profitable were passing by. I like what Teresa is doing and merging the brokers and the associates together. But with that are growing pains, but all in all I’m pleased to what’s taking place in that regard. I just want stronger sales.
Dan Amos: I want to say one other thing about this. This is not unusual ended. I can go back 20 years ago and remember when our competitors got in the market and they were going to cobalt and chemotherapy benefits. We kept telling ourselves, we couldn’t meet that they ended up having 50% rate increases two or three times in a row to offset that. The good news is we’ve got all these statistics of what we’ve been doing in the cancer insurance business and in this area. For so many years, we kind of know how to price it and some that want to make lowballs it generally bites them later on. And yes, it gives us a little problem short-term to sales go back 20 years ago, we were losing sales to some of the competitors couple of those companies aren’t in business anymore and few that were had to change the way they approach things. So this is not that unusual that we’re having people lowball on products. We’ve seen in Japan, but the fact is we know what we’re doing and we’re pricing it right and we’re giving the customer a good value and in return we’re making a good profit.
