Fred Crawford: Nigel, this is Fred. Let me try to address it, but then I'll ask Teresa and Virgil to weigh in with any comments they have. But -- so first of all, with PLADs, extremely pleased, we call it PLADS, premier life and disability and lead management. Not only did they hit the sales expectations that we had when acquiring the property, but they advanced beyond that, particularly with the state of Connecticut contract for leave management which is not an insignificant contract from a revenue standpoint. We don't include it in the traditional measure of sales only because it's not linked with an actual life and disability contract, but it's a meaningful business and one that certainly wasn't expected when we made the acquisition. So we couldn't be more pleased. The other thing I would note is that we successfully renewed 100% of our contracts this year with a 4% average pricing increase across the board. And that was very good news. Our team -- our PLADs team very careful attention to the quality of service and quality metrics as they lead into renewal period, and that proved to really benefit us on the renewal side. I say that because the earned premium, which is as important as the sales, is tracking on or better than our expectations as well. So both sales and retention are very good. Again, as we peel the onion back on that property, having acquired it and folded it in over the last year, the news just gets better on that property, very good platform, very pleased. Dental and Vision, of course, we had -- remember, we bought a TPA, but really needed to build from scratch the actual dental and vision product, along with the network. And so we very much have been in building mode on that property. I would say the sales in 2021 were below the expectations we were expecting coming into the year, but we're not due to necessarily bad performance. It was more a decision to roll that business out carefully and also had timing-related issues with entering those products onto our enrollment tool. Remember, with Dental and Vision, we're actually starting out in the small business community with our agents. So we're selling into 100 and less employees. And that means it has to be not only approved by all the states which we did throughout the year, but also has to be installed on our enrollment platform, which takes time and energy to put that on available in all states. So you had a pretty big lift with that product. And it's fair to say that COVID conditions impacted the small business world, which meant it impacted the agent delivery model from a distribution, and it just so happens that we decided long ago that our first entry point with Dental and Vision was with the small business agent-driven model, and we did not anticipate COVID. So it was behind what we originally had forecasted. But I can tell you that we're extremely pleased with it. One thing that we're really pleased with that has outperformed is the halo effect I mentioned. Selling $23 million of network dental and vision, but then sell an additional $15 million of voluntary product associated with the dental and vision sales, that exceeds our halo expectations. We would expect to have a halo effect of around 30% and to be north of 50%, approaching 60%, 70% is well above our expectations. I don't think it's going to stay at that level, particularly as we go more aggressively upmarket but still very with that halo effect. So, all in all, I would say, very good. Now in terms of what percentage of our sales next year, we've been climbing gradually north of 10% of sales heading towards 13% to 15% of sales. And in 2022, I would expect to be in that range. So, let's just call it 10% to 15% of sales. Obviously, in some ways, we don't want that percentage to be too high because we fully expect the rest of our business to grow significantly as well, but I think that's not a bad estimate.
Fred Crawford: I'll let the Japan team fill in some of the blanks and talk about it. But as I mentioned in my comments, first of all, there is no specific plan to expand products. However, again, remember, we consider our cancer business in Japan Post to be a line of business. And so for example, when we upgrade cancer products or add riders or feature to cancer products, we do that within the Japan Post system. As you may know from some of our comments at the investor conference, what we're really excited about is, we're starting to introduce concierge non-insurance services to support our cancer business. This involves a cancer policyholder being able to call into a concierge line and be tapped into non-insurance services that support their needs, whether they are going on claim or preventions or detection needs, care needs, even oncologist recommendations these types of services. So all of that product capability that we house within a company we called Hatch Healthcare. All of that will be available to Japan Post policyholders and will help with both retention and growth. So no new product lines, but the cancer line continues to expand and develop within the Japan Post system. And I'll let my colleagues in Japan talk about the momentum coming off our fourth quarter pilot exercise and looking at 2022.
Fred Crawford: Yes. And I might add just to put a little bit of numbers behind it because I know there's sort of a question, what do you mean by improved? But just to give you an idea, when looking at those model offices and our results in this test pilot program in the fourth quarter, when we moved from third quarter results to fourth quarter results, we had over a 50% increase from third quarter to fourth quarter, both in the number of proposals put forward and the resulting sales. And so it was clearly successful. And so what the executive teams and sales teams are doing between our team and Japan Post as they're sitting down, analyzing those results and now looking at more of a national spread of that platform, but it was a very tangible increase and gets us excited about some increased momentum in 2022.
Fred Crawford: Yes, one thing, not to pile on. This is Fred. But one thing I would say, just in terms of the basis of your question, as you always want to be careful about the correlation of economic activity in Japan and the sale or demand for our products. Right now, really, what we're talking about is the practical implications of meeting face-to-face and having a naturally higher close rate meeting face-to-face. But it is after all a pandemic. And so you would imagine that supplemental medical disability product, even elderly care and cancer product, that there will be a natural level of elevated and awareness for these types of products given pandemic conditions. So, it's really more a practical execution issue than it is a demand and economic issue in my view.
Dan Amos: Yes. I think one thing I would add is just then this is Fred. Again, to remind you, there are various grades, if you will, of level of severity that the government will put in place prefigure by prefecture, the most severe being the state of emergency. When we talk about 35 prefectures being under prevention measures, that is one step below the state of emergency level. And it's important to note that the government of Japan is really trying to balance containing, of course, the virus without dampening economic activity, and they're trying to play that balancing act. And so even state of emergencies have been a little less restrictive than in the early days of COVID. And these cautionary practices and the prefectures in of themselves don't really restrict our activity and our ability to sell and meet with potential clients and so forth. The issue that's hard to measure is if you are a citizen of Japan, and you live in a prefectur that is in a -- where there is a prevention measures that are being put in place, do you feel less comfortable meeting face in conducting business in a normal way. And that's very difficult to measure, but we see it in our results. And so there's no question there's a bit of a headwind as we head into 2022 but it's certainly not as severe state of emergency, and it's definitely not as severe as the early days of COVID.
Dan Amos: Thank you, John, and thank you for pointing out that my prediction about claims utilization has been wrong for the last year. Throughout the year of 2021, and I'll start by talking to the U.S. We did see a gradual increase in claims utilization each quarter with very, very low claims utilization in the first quarter, and then we saw a little bit of a -- and that continued quite frankly, throughout the second quarter and then we started to see a normalization in the third quarter and then into the fourth quarter as well. We're not fully back to normal. But I would say when I look at, for example, paid claims data for the fourth quarter, then November was higher than October and December was higher than November. And we are getting back very close to what I would be sort of normal claims utilization starting the year of 2022 for the U.S. So that means that I do think that we are fairly close to normal claims utilization going forward. It's also the fact that the -- we did have a correlation between infection rates in the society and claims utilization and what Omicron has done is that, that correlation has pretty much broken down. And I think that is due to people who are living in a much more normal life. You see mobility coming back to more normal levels. And with that, people are getting into accidents. They are going for physical checkups, et cetera, and that is sort of driving a more normal claims pattern and behavior among our policyholder base in the U.S. So that is why I do believe that we are going to come back to sort of a more normal claims utilization pattern for 2022. And we do expect that our benefit ratio in the U.S. will fall within the sort of normalized range. So, we do expect that we will be within the 48% to 52% benefit ratio in the U.S. for 2022. When you go to Japan, you have a somewhat of a similar pattern, but it has lagged the U.S. You don't see the reactions as quick as you do and the changes as quick as you do in the U.S. and you don't see the ups and downs as much as we have seen in the U.S. So you have a much more flatter and more prolonged pattern of claims utilization in Japan. In Japan, we are trending a little bit below but not significantly below what we would deem to be sort of our sort of normalized claims utilization. I hope that helps.
Dan Amos: So, a couple of things about the pet insurance products, so as I mentioned in my comments, later in the quarter, we expect to launch taking a very targeted approach and that is we're launching and what we characterize internally as our premier broker platform. These are some of the largest brokers in the country that deal, particularly with typically larger companies, think of it as 1,000 employees and larger, that's also where a lot of the employee benefit based demand is for pet insurance. And we expect there's a lot of pent-up expectation for the product. There's a lot of momentum around pet insurance in the work site. So we do believe there's going to be a lot of interest. Now remember, in terms of our results, recognize that we don't book any earned premium, if you will, or sales on that product. That earned premium and sales is booked by Trupanion. Our rationale for putting our brand on it powered by Trupanion is that it creates -- it first, it checks a box in terms of having a pet insurance product, which many of the brokers and their clients like to see and have interest in. But also it creates an opportunity to have a more unique conversation and broader capability when we're in finalist presentations on voluntary benefits overall. So, it really helps create more energy around our broader voluntary products and once again, looking for that halo effect. So that's our expectation. We don't have really specific sales expectations other than its going to be gradual, because we want to get it right. And when you come into the premier broker world with a new product, you don't have too many chances to get it right. You need to get it right out of the gate. You need to measure three times and cut once. And the reason is because if it doesn't get off to a good and controlled start, it can be problematic in that community of brokers and we don't want that to happen. But it's a very unique product. Those of you who are familiar with Trupanion and I'm sure you've read the news recently that they were excited to announce an alliance with Chewy, which is really bonified their unique value proposition. We think this is a different type of a product. We think this is not simply a check-the-box pet insurance product. We think the special value proposition, veterinarian-driven type product set is a unique differentiator. And we've coupled it even with benefits where you as an employee can purchase a rider that pays you your out-of-pocket costs, if your pet is sick and you need to take off work and experience some of the same out-of-pocket cost come with human health conditions. So, we really have built a unique value proposition. We think it's a differentiator, and we think it will create more fulsome conversations when selling our broader voluntary platform.
Dan Amos: This is Dan. Let me -- I want to make a couple of comments. Number one is it hadn't been stated, but they have they have 90% of the people have been vaccinated in Japan. And so, the -- as we've seen with the new variants the death rate is much lower and there's improvement. I don't think we have any specific answers at this time. I'll let them answer in terms of what the government will require. But I think it's -- you're going to see the death rate and the issues trend down instead of up because we're seeing everybody vaccinated compared to the United States. Now some states, of course, are higher than others, but there is a movement in that direction. You also may have saw the Johns Hopkins report last week that a lot of these things that they're doing in regard to trying to control the variant has not worked very well. And so, I think you're going to see more movement back to normal. We certainly, as a corporation, both in Japan and the United States are moving in a gradual, but for example, we had a meeting of 1,000 people of our salespeople. We tested them all before they came. Some didn't want to come, but over 800 showed up after it was all said and done, we had about 15 cases of COVID in the United States for that particular meeting, which was really, if you took 1,000 people at random, that would be a relatively low number. So, I think you're seeing things move back in Japan. We're back to over 50% of the employees are at work, what they'll have to give you the exact number, but it's over 50%. So, I see things moving back more to normal. Koide, would you take that question, please, and talk a little bit about it.
