Dan Amos: Sure. First, I would say that you have to understand that one of the reasons that we created the Chief Operating Officer and also for Fred to go to Japan, part of it was due to the COVID period of time and that we had a situation where with COVID, we wanted more interaction with Japan. And so Fred was willing to go over there and do that. And that was very helpful to us. And we continue to rotate people over to Japan and from Japan to the United States. And it's -- for example, Steve Beaver, who you probably know has been around a long time, will be working with him. As far as how and what will evolve, these decisions ultimately come from the Board. I think there's always two ways to look at transition and what would take place would be abruptness of something happening and then well it was structured. So we work with the concept that this will be planned over a long period of time and we've had internal candidates. It's always been my preference that it'd be internal candidates because of the Japanese operation and the uniqueness that we have there. Saying that, I would say the Board would -- the Corporate Governance Committee specifically and then the full Board would be reviewing every aspect to make sure you have the best person for the job. And so we would also take that into consideration as we're moving forward. As I said in my comments, I'm enjoying life. I'm enjoying working with the company and want to continue to do so. At the same time, these adjustments of people retiring and moving on happens, and I've been around to see a lot of them. But I think there's a little element of pride that keeps me around because of the family. And frankly, I just enjoy doing it. So I look forward to working with these people. There are several that are on the horizon. We continue to add new people that have potential. So I'm encouraged about that and I think we're in a strong position. I think this quarter sent a signal of how strong we are, managerially-wise, and we'll continue to do that.
Dan Amos: Let me make one other comment. I was in Washington for three days about three weeks ago and met with probably 18 senators and congressmen to just see their positions on it. I want to go back to the pretax situation that Virgil was talking about because it was an anomaly. What actually happened was it ended up being passed. And we, as a company, back 20-something years ago, we didn't sell pretax for the first two years because the Congress said it was a mistake and it was never really meant to happen. And so once it was in the bill, then when they tried to take it, thought about taking it out, there would -- it looked like it was a [free tax] (ph). If they took it out, it became a tax on the average American. And you take, for example, a school teacher that has come down with cancer to, all of a sudden, say you're going to tax their benefits will not sit well with the contingency of people that they deal with. And so we were able to talk to a lot of people about it, and we had no feedback that thought that it should be the opposite. Now saying that, we know that this has been submitted by the branch outside Congress through the executive branch, and we've got to handle it and we plan on talking to them. But it is -- it will absolutely be a direct tax. But we sold in that environment. I'm one of the ones -- one thing about me being around a long time is I remember a lot of things. And we saw -- I was around when we sold in a pretax environment. In fact, I was in the sales force for 10 years and saw it. And so it's a matter of adjustment no matter what happens. And what I've always said is with change comes opportunity. And so no matter what happens, we're going to find a way to do well in that environment.
Dan Amos: Yeah. I want to make one other comment. We've been waiting for Japan Post to come back for several years now. And we had assurances that they would do that and I'm happy to see it take place. They are our largest shareholder. And so what is good for us is good for them and vice versa. So I believe this is a strong alliance and will continue to be strong as we move forward.
Max Broden: Thank you, Tom. So obviously, this is the first year we're running on an LDTI basis, and the third quarter is when we do the unlockings, including prospective unlockings. When you think about it, if you go back and look at the last couple of years and you see the morbidity trends and also trends in hospitalization and outpatient treatment, and you compare and contrast Japan and the United States, in the US, we shut down a lot more than what you ended up doing in Japan as it relates to how people went to the hospital and how people changed their behavior. And that is coming through in our morbidity experience. So we did see, for example, accident hospitalizations, et cetera, drop a lot more in the United States than what you saw in Japan. And that was simply a factor of the COVID virus had a much more significant spread in the US than what it did have in Japan. In Japan, you really had a big spike in the third quarter of 2022. But outside of that, it was a significantly lower spread than what we had in the US. And that is why you're now seeing that having a much more pronounced impact on the morbidity experience that is feeding into our actuarial models that is then leading to the outcome that you saw this quarter.
Max Broden: Yeah. Thank you, Ryan. Yes, I think what you saw in terms of hedge cost for the third quarter, it's a blend of us rolling into our new structure, so it's a mix between the old structure and the new structure. In terms of run rate hedge costs going forward, I do think that the third quarter hedge cost that you saw, it's certainly not going to be higher. We’re probably going to, on a run rate basis going forward, be at this level or slightly lower going forward in terms of actual hedge cost. That is obviously subject to capital markets inputs and everything that impacts the cost of a put option and also, to some extent, if we decide to increase our forward exposure in the future as well. So things like the FX volatility, interest rates, et cetera, will come into play here. But in the near future, I would expect our hedge cost to be similar to the third quarter level or slightly lower.
Max Broden: The way to think about this in terms of the P&L, this will drop to the bottom line. When you think about the P&L here, what we have done when we move gradually from using forwards to put options, what happens is that we are now increasing the volatility for small moves in the yen-dollar as it relates to our capital ratios in Japan, i.e., the SMR and ESR. So for a strengthening yen or a weakening yen, you're going to see slightly higher volatility in that ratio for small moves. But what the put options give us is that we have dramatically reduced the tails. So any dramatic moves or shock moves in the yen-dollar, we have reduced our risk exposure to those kind of events. And we feel that this is a very good risk reward for us.
Max Broden: We will deploy the capital appropriately in the respective business units, and if we have good opportunities to deploy the capital there, we will do so. If we feel that we have significant surplus capital, it will be moved up to holding company. And the holding company will deploy it in the different sort of capital distributions that the holding company generally does, i.e., dividends, buybacks, et cetera.
Max Broden: Let me kick off on that question, and I would ask Al Riggieri to fill in any blanks and add his color as well. But the fact of the matter is that we have seen lower levels, generally speaking, in terms of hospitalizations come through. And we've also seen changes in the way treatments are being done, i.e. more outpatient treatments as well. So we believe that we have seen a shift in both the way hospitals are operating and also the way individuals are going for their treatments. And we have factored that in to some extent.
Max Broden: We believe that we have adequately reflected sort of the new paradigm or the new experience that we're seeing now into our models. Now, please remember, these are obviously models. So what that means is that if these trends were to improve further than what we have experienced to date, there is the potential for further unlocking, favorable or negative. It can go the other way as well. We believe that we have reflected it to our best -- the best way we can, given the data that we see. And it's important that we do reflect it to the best way we can. But I also want to make sure that you understand that these are estimates and they can go both ways.
Max Broden: So when we look forward into the paid-up schedules, you are going to see a little bit of a drop in 2014 -- sorry, 2024, and then a further drop in 2025. And that's where I would say that I would expect us to run more on a normalized basis for paid-up. Keep in mind that the big sales that we had of the WAYS product, they really occurred in the 2012 through 2014 time period, and there was five-year pay and there were 10-year pay. So when you roll that forward, that's when you see that you get a little bit of a drop-off in 2024 and then further in 2025. That being said, paid-up is something that we generally build into our products, both first sector and third sector. But when we -- I wanted to mention 2024 and 2025 because that's when we move into a more normal schedule, and you're not necessarily going to see these more significant year-over-year deviations.
Max Broden: So obviously, the capital ratios in our subsidiaries, they are strong, and that's obviously priority number one to make sure that we have adequate and strong capital in our operating subsidiaries. And then obviously, we want to move operating cash flow up to the holding company and then deploy it from there. You did see that in the quarter, we bought back $700 million of our own stock. I view that as quite a strong capital deployment. And we also increased the dividend by 19% starting in the first quarter of next year. So overall, the company is generating significant cash flow, and we are deploying significant cash flow as well.
Max Broden: Yeah. Obviously, our priorities with all the capital that we have is always to deploy it into writing new business and use it in our operating entities. That is where we get generally the best IRR on that capital. If we cannot deploy it in our operating entities, then it will flow up to the holding company.
Max Broden: Yeah. So when they move from being a CML to real estate owned, there is a significant uptick in terms of the capital charge associated with that. For us, it's still very small. So if you think about RBC points, it's very -- I would estimate it to be low single-digits. And as it relates to SMR, the same applies. When you then think about the -- you generally should think about the distribution on what balance sheet or capital base if they go into as follow it the same way the size of the investment portfolio is between the two segments, i.e., roughly 85% falls into Japan and 15% falls into the US.
Max Broden: Yeah. We -- if you think about what our track record, you have seen what we have done historically. Aflac has not been an acquisitive company. This is a company that is built selling one policy at a time. We've done a number of, I would call it, tuck-in acquisitions in the United States to broaden our product portfolio. And we do feel that we are in a good spot in terms of the products that we have to offer in our go-to-market strategy. So at this point, I don't see that we have any holes that need to be filled using M&A.
Max Broden: So obviously in the US, we are seeing some growth, and we're seeing some growth in lines of business that are driving a little bit more new business strain. And that's why we have, in the pandemic, we wanted to run with a little bit more capital and then coming out of the pandemic, we see a little bit higher strain associated with that growth that we are starting to see and expect to see come through. That has led us to run with a little bit higher RBC than what -- than the 400%. But we are at a point in time now where I would expect us over the next couple of years to really get down to that 400% level long term.
Max Broden: The preferred option would be to drive it by growth because that's where we're getting the best returns on our capital by just writing more policies. At the same time, our -- even though we have some lines of business that are consuming a little bit more capital, overall, we're a relatively capital-light business. So given that we're operating at a 650% RBC right now, I don't see that growth alone will necessarily drive us all the way down to 400%. In order to do so, we probably would, over time, need to address our capital base through special dividends, et cetera.
Brad Dyslin: Yeah. Good morning, Jimmy, this is Brad Dyslin. I'll take that. There's a couple of things behind the relatively modest reserving that you've seen so far compared to that $1 billion watch list. One is the average LTV of the portfolio and the price declines we've seen. What happens when we go through the foreclosure process is we have to mark that asset to the lower of the principal balance of the loan or the value of the asset. So when you're starting at a 60% LTV, you've got a fair amount of cushion before you start to realize losses on that mark. The second dynamic at play here is we are still in process on about half of that $1 billion of watch list, which means we are in workout negotiations with the borrower. Those can be very long-lasting, very intense and they can ebb and flow a lot of different directions. Once we get certainty that we expect to foreclose, we have to order a third-party appraisal. Those take time to come in. And as they come in, that's when we end up re-marking our assets. So it's a combination of our relatively conservative LTVs and the fact that we've still got about half that portfolio subject to appraisal.
Brad Dyslin: Sure, thank you. The two properties that we took back, the current occupancy levels are in the low to mid-50s, which has been pretty stable since we first got involved and did the loan. The occupancy across the portfolio, it does range a fair amount. We've got a few that are below 50%, given the nature of the asset class, the nature of transitional real estate. But for the most part, our averages are right around the 55% to 65%.
Brad Dyslin: Sure. Thank you, Josh. The loans that we're dealing with now that are on the watch list are those that were made a couple of years ago. The transitional real estate book is our biggest focus area, and that differs from a more traditional CML book in that the maturities are much shorter. They tend to be three-year fixed maturities with options to extend up to five, in some cases, up to seven years based on certain thresholds and the operating metrics being met. So what we're dealing with now are those maturities predominantly in 2023 and a few in 2024 as obviously, the maturity is coming up and when those loans need to be addressed, either being repaid or if that is not an option, then we get into the workout discussions. We have really substantially reduced our deployment into the asset class this year. Part of that is the market -- well, not part of it, it is frankly driven by the market. Very much a lack of activity. We're seeing a large bid ask between buyers and sellers. The increase in rates has really put valuations upside down. Buyers are trying to get -- take advantage of the current levels. Sellers are trying to get yesterday's prices, and we're just not seeing a lot of good, solid transactions, and there's a lack of liquidity in the market. So that's really limited our opportunities. And of course, we always adjust our underwriting standards to the current experience, to the current market. So we're being a little bit more difficult in our terms and conditions as well.
Brad Dyslin: Yeah. Thank you. So far, we have been extremely pleased with the performance of the middle market loan portfolio. It is, frankly, performing better than we expected, given where we are at this point in the cycle. There are several reasons for that. And then ultimately, it boils down to fundamentals, underwriting and then how we've chosen to build the portfolio. We have a very small average loan size. We have maintained a discipline around only first-lien secured structures. We've kept leverage at a very modest level. We have maintained our use of strong covenants. And then ultimately, it's about good businesses, good companies with sound business plans that are seeing good top line growth and have the margins and cash flow, avoiding cyclical companies, and that's really played out. We have built this as our primary below-investment grade portfolio. So we do expect to incur some losses. But relative to the outsized yields we've received, they are really quite modest. And as I said, it is doing better than we expected at this point in the cycle. Going forward, we're going to have to wait and see just how the macro environment does. It does look like we've got the possibility of a soft or at least a soft-ish landing. And then how quickly rates turn around is something that we're going to watch very closely.
