Teresa White: Thank you, Dan. I’m pleased with Aflac U.S. sales results both for the quarter and the year. Not only were Aflac U.S. sales for 2017 up, but we also generated the best year of new annualized premium sales since 2007. We also had the best fourth quarter in company history. On top of that, I’m pleased with the strong overall growth of the broker distribution and the improved growth in our career sales distribution. Coming off 2016, I talked about improving sales in four areas in 2017; career agent sales, more specifically veteran engagement, new associate conversion to producers, the middle market broker sales and then Public Sector. From a career agent standpoint, we saw improvement in productivity from both veteran and new agents for the year and both groups outperformed the prior year and our expectation. Our success with veteran agents benefited from our investments in tools and solutions to better equip them to service their customers. Our success with new agents meant working to cultivate more productive Aflac sales associates who stay with Aflac longer. I continue to believe that small case market is a growing opportunity for Aflac because our career agents are best positioned within the industry to reach and therefore succeed with these smaller employers. Broker sales as a whole, continues to represent the growing amount of new sales for Aflac. We increase the amount of our broker sales professionals and onboard them with the expectation of seeing positive results in the second half of the year. While our total broker sales outpaced to the market projections, we still see opportunities for improvement, particularly in the mid-case market, which will be an area of continued focus for us in 2018. Along with the better market coverage, we are also seeing the benefit of technology investments and enhanced value with our large broker clients. Finally, in the Public Sector, we continue to build out strategies, including customized tools and services for that market, which led to an increase in Public Sector new annualized premium for 2017. These initiatives and along with our focus on executing our strategy generated a 7.6% increase in sales for the quarter and 4.7% increase in sales for 2017. Needless to say, I’m proud and pleased with the efforts of the Aflac U.S. operations. In 2018, we anticipate new annualized premium growth in the range of 3% to 5%, resulting in a 2% to 3% growth in earned premium. We will continue to focus on growth, efficiency and customer experience. Our platform investments like Everwell and One Day Pay are already paying off in terms of customer experience. From our simple product enrollment process to our strong compliance culture and expedited claims process and every step in between, we are focused on enhancing the ways we deliver on the promise to our policyholders. We want to their experience to be easy. In fact, in an independent – recent independent survey from The Bantam Group, we found that 97% of those enrolled in electronically with Aflac, said that process was easy and 94% of claimants say that their claims were processed or paid quickly. We believe these results differentiate and reinforce our strong brand and policyholder’s trust. We’re committed to meeting or exceeding our policyholders expectations at every touch point. Now let me turn the call over to Koide-san.
Teresa White: We believe – this is Teresa, Jimmy. We do see a tremendous opportunity in the broker market. There are some areas that we believe we can improve over time, specifically in that middle market segment and that’s where our focus will be in 2018. But as to our results, overall, we believe that we will be within that range of 3% to 5%. So we feel good about that range.
Teresa White: So let me be very clear. In the first quarter, that’s probably our lowest quarter. So we will see a lower first quarter, still positive, but we’re projecting it to be the lowest quarter and then you’ll start seeing a pickup throughout the year.
Teresa White: Yes. I think what you’re referring to is the productivity. And certainly, from a productivity standpoint, that’s really been our focus. We have not seen productivity that high probably since 2007 or so, but I’d have to go back and look at those numbers. But our focus has been on productivity and training, development, driving producers or working with producers to become productive agents. So I’m not surprised that where we are, I’m excited about that pipeline.
Teresa White: So let me first speak to – and I think what you’re referring to is movement from business from individual to group. 
Teresa White: I think what’s more important is the group and individual, they are totally separate companies, right? And the employer makes a decision as to whether they want to offer a group policy or an individual policy to their employees. Now if there’s an individual employee that has – there’s a person who has an individual policy and their employer decides to go to a group policy, just by normal course, we give the individual the choice as to whether they want to keep their individual policy or move to group. So I guess, that from that standpoint, does the activity happen sometimes, but it’s a very small amount of activity of transferring people from individual to group. And the choice is basically made from the employer’s standpoint. And then the choice of whether the individual, as Dan said, it’s an individually issued product, it is their product, it’s underwritten differently. So those can – they can make the decision as to whether they want to keep that product. I hope that helps.
Masatoshi Koide: Thank you, Teresa. I will now provide highlights from Aflac Japan’s operations, which had a profitable year in terms of pretax earnings. From a product standpoint, let me start with the statistics. I’m very happy with Aflac Japan’s strong annual third sector sales increase of 4.1% and especially, with our 2.3% year-over-year earned premium growth. This growth was driven by strong medical sales, particularly from the release of our device medical insurance products in February 2017. We anticipate that third sector earned premium will continue its steady growth in the 2% to 3% range, reflecting Aflac Japan’s stable sales performance. Cancer insurance sales were essentially flat for the year. This was primarily due to the traditional advanced sales channels focusing on sales of our revised medical insurance product. We saw strong cancer insurance result in our other alliance channels, including Japan Post. I believe we will be able to maintain our sales momentum for third sector as a whole by steadily implementing our product and marketing strategy across our distribution channels. Looking at the third sector as a whole, we have taken our third sector business from the mid-$60 billion range in 2012 to approximately $87 billion today, and that’s good business. Life reinsurance providers indicate that they see growing opportunities within the third sector, but Aflac Japan remains the hands-down leader with continued growth in new and in-force annualized premium. We have seen growth, particularly at 20,000 post offices that offer Aflac’s products. Our nationwide model sales office initiative is almost complete. The initiative is aimed at enhancing sales agent productivity and further strengthening selective high market potential agencies. While not expecting to impact the sales in 2018, we will be actively investing in alternative distribution opportunities for future growth. To touch on first sector products, as you know, Aflac Japan has substantially reduced sales of same type first sector products with our aggressive repricing of interest-sensitive products. Total first sector sales, including interest-sensitive products such as WAYS and self-enrollment were down 59.4% in the quarter, reflecting our actions to limit the sales of those products. At the same time, we will continue to offer protection-type first sector products to provide our exclusive agency channel with a comprehensive product portfolio to continue growth setting with third sector products. Looking ahead to 2018, sales of third sector products face challenging comparisons, especially in the early part of the year due to the conversion of the Japan branch. However, we expect to see improvements in the second half of 2018 following the completion of the conversion. And with the help of our third sector product launch, we are planning upon conversion. Finally, regarding the Japan branch conversion to a subsidiary. As Dan mentioned, we are proceeding on schedule, and I believe we’ll be able to transfer business as planned on the first business day of Japan’s fiscal year 2018. In closing, I’m pleased to say that our initiatives and investments to enhance our operational initiatives are proceeding as planned. I’m also excited about 2018, and confident that Aflac is implementing the nimble, robust product and distribution strategy needed to continue leading the third sector insurance market in Japan. Now let me turn it over to Fred.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Aflac Japan, Koide. [Foreign Language] Our income support market itself is still in its growing period. So what we are trying to do right now is to really pursue or looking to an effective way to really appeal to our customers. [Foreign Language] As a result, we do believe that it will take some time for the income support to grow significantly. [Foreign Language] However, just to let you know that in the second half of 2017, our growth of this product was higher than that of the first half of 2017. [Foreign Language] And particularly, in our agency channel, there are some agencies that have taken this product as their routine sales and so that has taken root in their sales activities. [Foreign Language] And so as a result, what we will do is to make an effort in long term to really strengthen the sales and promotion of this product. And particularly, in 2018, we will try our best in trying to promote this product, so that the product recognition will increase among our customers. [Foreign Language] For example, those people who are concerned about one not being able to work at some point and have concerns about paying off their housing loans. [Foreign Language] And we also would like to cross sell this product together with medical product. [Foreign Language] But as always, we are not just particularly focused on the income support product, we will try to balance out our third sector products and push forward with all products. [Foreign Language] That’s it from me.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] This is Koide-San from Aflac Japan. [Foreign Language] And since our new product has not been formally announced, therefore, I would like to refrain from really announcing the details here. [Foreign Language] But what I can say is that, we will be injecting a product that really reflects the recent medical treatments and to cover that – offer coverage that supports that. [Foreign Language] And to align with the timing of our conversion or incorporation in Japan, we are planning to launch a very, very strong product. [Foreign Language] That’s it from me.
Dan Amos: I think it’s too early to tell at this particular point. But as I told you, we expect to achieve our target for the full year and believe that when it’s all said and done, we will be able to handle any of the issues that were brought before us and resolve them in our favor.
Dan Amos: They’re not through, we have one more report that is to come out that we haven’t seen yet. And it should be out very shortly. We said, before the end of February. But in the first report, I think we were – it spoke for itself in terms of what we’re doing. But let me be clear, we’re always looking to see if there’s a better way to regulate things and to make sure we’re following all the guidelines that are set forth. And so we’re constantly adjusting to do those things. But we’re trying to do the right things, and we’re going to continue to do that as we move forward and feel like. We’ve had that hotline to where they can call directly, it circumvents management. It goes to the General Counsel’s office. From there, it goes to the Audit Committee. So there’s a way of information that if there’s any real issues to where it can’t be bought by anybody. And that’s what we want to make sure of is, is that we’re open-ended and that we’re transparent and we’re trying to make sure we run this company in the most ethical manner possible.
Dan Amos: Tax reform in and of itself is not necessarily influencing where we invest our dollars. Something I would remind you of is that remember, we remain a U.S. taxpayer on the entirety of our earnings, because our – Japan is a branch for tax purposes. So despite having converted it or planning to convert here in April to a subsidiary, we remain a branch for tax purposes. So we’re a U.S. taxpayer on all of our earnings. Obviously, we have the dynamic where the corporate tax rate is higher in Japan. But that’s not necessarily skewing our desire to make investments, we generate strong profitability in both regions. And so it’s attracting capital accordingly.
Dan Amos: I want to just remind you that have not been on this call very often that that’s a requirement of the Financial Services Agency that we not discuss the actual approval date of product. They do not want us to do that. So we’re following their guidance. So just to make sure, it’s not us. We’d be glad to tell you, but we’re following that. But you can kind of figure it out with what we did last and what we’re doing now and it kind of adds up for you if you look at it.
Dan Amos: Let me say one thing. We believe that the individual policy is in the best interest of the customer. A lot of our people do, because they can take it with them when they leave.
Dan Amos: The real driver though is that the business that we’ve been writing on an individual basis are generally small accounts.
Dan Amos: And when we got into the group business, it’s predominantly large accounts that is driven by brokers or driven by brokers working with our associates. So that’s a major difference as you look at this. So there’s not as much overlap because of that. So that’s why that number is relatively low.
Dan Amos: And one reason for that just to explain it to you is the employer wants to make sure that these large accounts when it goes across state lines, that everyone has the same policy and they had that under that arrangement. In the case of individual policies, it’s where it written. So they – within an account you could add different. So take, for example, here in Columbus, where Alabama is across the line, if it was an individual policy then the people in Alabama that are being – really would have a different policy from Georgia people. And most employers and human resources people don’t like that, so that’s why these larger accounts tend to be that way.
Dan Amos: It doesn’t really change my views in the sense of being able to run our business at a lower RBC than, say, more capital-intensive businesses. And so, right now, my assumption is that we continue to manage to a 500% RBC through the retention of ongoing earnings, while drawing down the excess capital. If, however, we’re able to work with the rating agencies, and of course, upon assessment of our own risk management parameters, bring that down, we’ll look to do that and optimize. But right now, that’s not the game plan right now, we are sticking with the plan of 500%. Once we settle into blue book settle into the pace of statutory earnings, communicate more proactively on a U.S. only basis, that should offer us opportunity to optimize over time. But this is a year of transition. And as I’ve mentioned to you before, it’s been 40 years since we’ve had a U.S.- only blue book. And so once we get into those numbers and be able to communicate properly and make a case for the very low risk profile of the business and the ability to bring that RBC maybe more efficiently.
Dan Amos: Thank you for joining us today. That concludes our call. If you have any questions please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations department. And we look forward to speaking with you soon.
Fred Crawford: Yes, I think you have that right. Obviously, for starters, it goes without saying that our Japan business is unaffected by this since there’s no corporate tax rate change there, and we incorporate corporate tax rates in Japan in our pricing. So it’s really a U.S. issue. And from a U.S. standpoint, you have that right. The nature of our products are such that there’s very little delta, if you will, relative to changes in tax rates as it pertains to pricing and ultimate premium levels in our products. What we will do is what we always do and that is, we’ll certainly monitor the competitive environments and make sure that the value proposition of our policies and the associated premium remains very strong and in practice.
Fred Crawford: Yes, it should be pretty constant, Tom, the way we look at it. We don’t have any – I know that for – to those companies that have concentrated businesses in the U.S., there’s certain dynamics related to the treatment of both DAC and reserves that came out of tax reform that creates more timing dynamics related to the pace of cash taxes versus reported tax rates. We don’t have that dynamic. And so we would expect this type of steady run rate improvement cap, provided, of course, tax rates remain the same both in the U.S. and Japan as they’re currently stated. Unfortunately, while we are impacted in the U.S. business from tax reform just like any other insurance company, because we have relatively lite reserve-type business, there’s not a tremendous amount of reserve buildup related to the types of products we do as compared to other capital-intensive products. We want to kick quite as much by tax timing-related issues that come through the tax plan, so it’s a pretty steady number.
Fred Crawford: Yes. I think you’re referencing the announcement we made over the holidays and our commitment to invest up to $250 million in the U.S. over three to five years. Well, as part of that investment is an investment in our employees through issues such as 401(k) matching and offering up our products to our employees, fully subsidized and then also philanthropic efforts. We had a significant effort at Aflac to fight childhood cancer and that’s a major initiative for the company, it has been for a while. We’re setting up all of our activities around that. If you look at the $250 million over three to five years, around 20% to 30% of that number is that commitment, the commitment to employees, philanthropic and benefits. The remainder is very opportunistic in nature, but really represents an acceleration of what we would anticipate in doing over the long run. And tax reform allowed us to accelerate some of our plans with confidence and capital to make those commitments. They’re going to revolve largely around digital advancement, technology advancement, in some cases, distribution, including alternative distribution. And what’s very important is, they’ve not been crystallized or identified, both timing and amount could also realize the nature of the investment will matter a lot in terms of guidance. For example, a number of the investments we would contemplate would be capitalized, some would take place at the holding company level, some would take place in the U.S. entity affecting ratios. So as those crystallize, we’ll certainly give guidance accordingly. But that’s our intent.
Fred Crawford: The only change in that total amount of capital deployment is we do have one rate additional capital that would come in vis-a-vis the tax reform. And so I noted in my prepared remarks what that impact is to 2018. But over a three-year period, you would expect that to accumulate. We stepped back on the totality of the quality of our cash flow and capital and then looking at relative uses of capital, and that really was the foundation of making the move on the dividend. It has the effect of allocating approximately $100 million a year towards the dividend. And this was something we had been looking at for quite a while as we looked at our payout ratio relative to peers, but then also the relative value of using our excess capital. What’s the best and highest use of using excess capital. And the dividend really started to shine in recent years as an area where we had opportunity to lift that. So we’ve made that move. Otherwise, we’re sticking with our general repurchase guidance, including allocations to repurchase over that time frame. And so, therefore, what solves for the added capital and cash flow is more opportunistic investment. And again, as Teresa has outlined and Koide-San has outlined, in Japan, we think we have opportunities to invest in growth initiatives around technology, digital, distribution expansion, et cetera, and that’s where we would look to dedicate some of the excess capital.
Fred Crawford: Well, I imagine at the end of the day, they’re going to fall into a mix of both. Because certainly, if you look at the rest of the industry, investments are being made along these lines. So you absolutely do need to keep pace. But we’ve got a great foundation here at Aflac, a strong brand, significant distribution reach, scale in what we do. And so we touch 440,000 small businesses, we employee 50 million people, 8 million of which currently have our policies. And so when we talk about investing in growth, digital technology, et cetera, it’s to drive greater penetration and greater growth. And you would expect that to yield benefits in earned premium, annualized premium, client accounts, policies in force, et cetera, but that would be the intent of these investments. I would say, productivity and efficiency are also playing into it.
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s a fair question. I’m not at the moment reacting or overreacting to the one-time noncash DTL reduction to run out necessarily redial leverage over time. Our leverage is largely dictated by understanding the dynamics of cash flow and the quality of cash flows. When you are able to, for example, make a move on the dividend the way we have, that’s in part because we have a relatively lite level of interest expense, and so we can make those kinds of decisions as to what the highest and best use of excess capital is. So there are no plans to pump up leverage. I would also remind you that we look at leverage in two different ways. We look at the leverage on a recorded ex-AOCI basis, which is where you see it dropping down below 20%, which is in fact below our 20% to 25% stated policy. But we also look at leverage when you incorporate the unrealized gain and loss from foreign currency translation. Now that’s a part of AC – AOCI that is at times not a small number and we try to look at our leverage with that as well. Why? Because that’s economic in nature in the sense that even though it’s unrealized, over time it may become realized because it’s related to the currency impact to the value of our Japan franchise. And so we look at it in both ways. And with that currency adjustment, leverage is up around 21% in change, still low, but we look at it both ways. So – and I should also add the rating agencies do as well. So right now, no plans. But of course, we are relatively low-levered. We have a very high coverage ratio on interest expense and that allows us to be opportunistic in deploying capital such as a nice dividend increase.
Fred Crawford: That’s right. It’s – it has a DTA impact. And then the way I think of it is, there’s a numerator impact and a denominator impact. And so there’s also the loss of certain favorable tax treatment in the required capital, if you will, or denominator. And so it incorporates both of those elements.
Fred Crawford: Yes, it’s – I might also add a little more color too. I mentioned that we recover the RBC over three to five years, that is based on an estimate right now of additional statutory income of around $85 million a year. This would when – this would be when you consolidate all of our statutory and legal entities in the U.S. And so that’s what I mean by starting to gain back the RBC. To your question, is there going to be a "reset of RBC"? I’ll tell you exactly what I’ve told my team here internally and even our Audit Committee, and that is, I’ve never really held my breath on the rating agencies coming out and saying, hey, last year’s 500% is this year’s 400%. I sort of go with the plan that we’re going to be held to the same standards irrespective of these adjustments. If it plays out differently and if it becomes a reset, if you will, relative to these types of events, then so be it. But I think, right now, we are sticking with our plan targeting 500% RBC over the next few years, has no impact on our drawdown plan of excess capital. And if we find ways in which we can optimize in the future, we’ll do that.
