Dan Amos: Well, let me – I will let Kriss answer this, but let me just say that it’s an accounting issue. We can’t prepay anything. We have – we can only do it as we actually have the contract working on it and it takes time, but I will let Kriss go into more detail. 
Dan Amos: But let me say one other thing, one of the things that’s driving this project to cost more money is as you remember how you all complained about we were slow in putting in rate increases. Our systems couldn’t handle it. We now – this is part of this new project is it we can address that upfront and we are getting it done as quickly as we can for future not so much the past. We feel fine now what we have done in the past. But for the future and Paul is going to make some comments about sales, because he has been over there, he will be moving over there in January. 
Dan Amos: Well that is true right now for the short term but take into account all of the things that we have been doing so far. We have addressed the issues with Europe, we have done the colors [ph] we have sophistication now that we would not be able to handle have we not staffed up. If the staffing up for us to buy 80% - 90% of our business in JGB the answer is no. Our staff up is to have a diversified portfolio but we have to take what we’re dealt at the time we have been dealt and we felt the most important thing is to you know again hearing it loud and clear from all of you make sure you get the profits out of Japan and we have had to firm that SMR which cuts down the volatility with the JCB but don’t take this that we like that. We would much rather be much more diversified, we would much rather being doing the things that we told you we’re setting up for but I promise you that this new department that we have setup has capabilities in monitoring that we have to have in place before we can take on some of these. So I’m going to let Eric talk about it but I didn’t feel it was fair for Eric to have to depend what I’m responsible for originally setting up and while we set it up. 
Dan Amos: Well, it would have been in closer to 4% to 7% if not slightly higher than that. As I pointed out last year, it takes a little bit of time for the effect of the first sector products to earn their way through the financials even though we are writing about 60% to 70% less ways in the last three quarters of 2013 then we wrote in 2012. We still wrote a fair amount in the first quarter of 2013 and we’re still writing a fair amount even though the percentage reduction is high as a percentage reduction is. It's still a larger volume of business than the third sector products. In addition you’ve got some persistency differences between the first sector products, many of which were paid for with the so called discounted advance premium program and when people pay all the premium upfront they don’t tend to laugh because they don’t have to make any more payments but you still get premium earning out so that persistency on that first sector of business is better than still very strong persistency on the third sector business. Fundamentally the guidance I gave that they will be meeting for margins and benefit ratios both between first sector and third sector is holding up well based on our experience so far and it's just a bit too early, you’ve seen the change in margin toward the higher margin third sector products. So it just takes it a while to play out the long answer to a good question but the 4% to 7% was kind of in-line with the 2013 initial guidance. Again our guidance is usually on the conservative side historically and we have usually done a little bit better than that so I’m not guaranteeing that but I’m just saying that’s historically being a factor in our guidance. 
Dan Amos: I would like to say one other thing about the life product sales. We’re revisiting caps on the sales because it's interest rates have gone down. We think it's something we need to consider and we will know more about it but we’re certainly considering it for 2014 and we will let you know more at the time. 
Dan Amos: Nigel I will make some comments on the CVP project as I said initially we’ve been trying to observe the cost of that into our general operating expense for as long as we could. During the early to middle part of 2013 we basically finalized a plan that have been through a couple of iterations both with the project administrators and executors that were using as well as with outside consultants that were used in this program. We finalized that plan pretty much during the middle part of 2013 and got a much better handle on the plan we’re going to use to proceed and so we had a more certain estimate of cost after we completed the plan and actually that was our replan that we went through. So we have been doing a lot of work on this, we have been doing a lot of internal cross examination to make sure we have the value proposition correct and that we’re committed to go on forward with it and now we’re at the point where we do believe we have a value proposition correct. We do have good cost estimates going forward. Let me see if Tohru wants to add anything to that but essentially that’s it from my perspective. 
Dan Amos: And Nigel, I would add this comment, we have constantly reassessed priorities and the ability to change the products and premium rates on the per sector products that became a much higher priority, one that we felt like have the economic impact to justify the increased expenditure going forward. So from an investment point of view, we thought okay, this is an investment we need to make to protect our future financial position. 
Dan Amos: Going forward, you ask again about additional capacity, we believe we do have additional capacity, but I will say that I view this as a sale of a portion of our business and it’s not an action we would enter into lively compared to say a financial reinsurance transaction, where you are basically getting a loan and paying it back over a period of time. This is more of a permanent transaction and not something that I would enter into routinely. Regarding capacity, I think we do have additional capacity, but it’s not something we are going to look at quarterly and see where our SMR is and say okay, do we need another $2 billion reinsurance this quarter? That’s not what we are going to do. 
Dan Amos: That is correct. What I have said is that with interest rates moving lower, we adjusted put limits last year and this year. We are looking at them again now for ‘14. So even though, our productions weigh down we still could have limits even more so. So we are monitoring that and seeing what we need to do. And we are not the only ones in the industry doing that. So it’s not limited as this does. Other companies are doing that as well. 
Dan Amos: Well, it was dramatically altered April 1 when we increased the pricing of the product to recognize the 1% standard valuation interest rate in Japan, we basically re-priced first sector products at 1.25%, but still even at that level though we have got profits in it, we are trying to minimize the low margin products emphasizing the higher margin third sector products. 
Dan Amos: And let’s be clear, no one has to make it clear to us that that’s what our shareholders want us to do. We got the message and that’s what we’re doing. We’re moving that way and that’s why this call and these things that we’re doing. This is our number one priority because that’s what our shareholders believe will ultimately enhance the value of our shares. 
Dan Amos: And as far as the U.S. goes I never like to say we’re not going to achieve an objective but I think the headwinds that we have had regarding uncertainty in this fourth quarter gives me pause [ph]. So I would not say that I’m optimistic but I do believe once this calms down that again where there is change is opportunity and I believe that we’re going to get it together. The main thing I’m trying to do right now is to concentrate on getting it right for healthcare reform. And Teresa, who is our Chief Operating Officer at Columbus and Dan Lebish who we put as the Chief Operating Officer of Columbia with group insurance and Ken overseeing all of it. We are coordinating to make sure we do these things right to handle and be ready. And so that has been my emphasis for the remaining of this year. Our director sales, their quotas are still based on the numbers that we set. There is no lowering or anything. So they are all pushing as hard as they can, but as I said, I am not as optimistic we will achieve that, but I am going to say never till the end, because with group insurance and other things, big things can come through, so we will watch it and see. 
Dan Amos: Well, you remember that I said it was going to 50% 10 years ago. I said, well if it went to 0% to 10% to 20% to 30%, I didn’t see any reason it wouldn’t eventually go to 50%. Well, my answer is I am already behind, because I thought it would have happened by now on some of it. Now Paul is over there and maybe to (indiscernible) comment on. 
Dan Amos: Well, there is recapture provision in there. I suspect if we negotiated with assuming company we might be able to do something, but that’s not our intent. We intend to let it play out over time as I said albeit more as a sale of a block of business than I do shorter duration reinsurance arrangement that can be recaptured. 
Dan Amos: I don’t have anything to do with that. This is strictly a claims reinsurance, didn’t have anything to do with interest rate hedges on assets. There is no asset transfers involved. We remain responsible for all the exchanges and the investment income on assets back in the block, it's strictly claims released and exchange for the payment of gross premium net of an expense allowance. 
Dan Amos: There is zero cost color but there are settlements depending on where rates move to. But the estimate is zero. 
Dan Amos: Well the operating will still be run by Tohru. He is still the Chief Operating Officer and in charge. Paul is not going to be living there for the rest of his life. He is just moving over there for a period of time, six months to a year whatever it ends up being just to better understanding, Paul speaks Japanese. He will just be over there learning the culture more, being associated with them, building relationships with them and giving him a better understanding of exactly how it works and they all get along very well and I am very pleased with how that’s going just as I am pleased with Ken and what’s going over there and the job that Teresa is doing. I think all-in-all, this has been a very smooth transition and just allows flexibility for you to understand our management team and let them be able to be able to do cross jobs and do different aspects up. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well, as it relates to the so-called CVEP project, I will make a couple of comments and then I’d like Tohru Tonoike to make some additional comments on this. John, this is a multi-year project. It’s a significant long-term project that we have – we initiated several years ago. For the first couple of years, we were able to absorb the cost of the incremental cost that doing the project planning and some of the initial work within our operating expenses in Japan within the normal earnings increase to guidance. We have reached a point though in the project where we have to ramp up the expenditures for a couple of years to be – to really make solid progress on both the administrative, the marketing and the ITE aspects of this project. I have identified what the ramp up is for 2014. We expect to spend a similar amount in 2015, but that won’t incrementally affect earnings. So it’s not as simple as moving some promotional expenses in the fourth quarter of ‘13 to offset the anticipated expenses for the project in 2014, project simply too big. Tohru, would you like to make some additional comments on CVEP and then we probably need to come back to the sales question. 
Kriss Cloninger: I’ll take that, that’s all about the structure of the co-insurance agreement and some related questions. Jimmy the reinsurance agreement is co-insurance in nature with a third party reinsured that’s authorized for reinsurance in Japan. We co-insured portion of one of our more established predictable, profitable blocks of business. It's a no-cash transaction upfront going forward we will see the portion of the premium income from that block, net of an expense allowance we receive from the reinsurer and reinsurer will reimburse us for the proportionate share of the claims on the business. So it's a pretty straightforward agreement. But because the reinsurance is permanent in nature we’re allowed to take a reserve credit in say financials for the pro rata share of FSA reserves on the block and the amount of those reserves we get a credit for is approximately a 100 billion yen. You know based on the difference between the premium we pay and the claims we expect to receive there is a net cost associated with agreement and I indicated what that is, it's anticipated to be about a nickel a share in the 2014 GAAP financials. As far as U.S. statutory treatment the reinsurer is not an authorized reinsure in the U.S. so we will report our U.S. statutory earnings based on the co-insurance being an effective agreement in terms of stated premiums and claims but we will not admit the reserve credit. So we won't get any surplus relief on the U.S. statutory statement or the risk based capital measure but that didn’t trouble because our RBC is already strong enough and we didn’t feel like paying the extra cost of you know that it would take to get the reserves backed by letters of credit and authorized for you know surplus recognition in the U.S and on a GAAP basis nowhere I mean we’re releasing some reserves but we’re putting but a deferred profit liability amortizing the cost in accordance with the accounting requirements and you know again the net cost is what I indicated.
Kriss Cloninger: I wouldn’t say it’s overspending at all Tom. We are not pulling down additional capital from Japan to invest in share repurchase. You know that historically our profit repatriation from Japan has been somewhat highly correlated with the FSA basis earnings and we have been trying to make sure that we achieve some stability in those FSA basis earnings. On average, probably over the last 10 years, we have taken out about 80% of our FSA basis earnings as profit repatriation and lot of that gets allocated to the share repurchase activity. In various specific years, we have gone around 50% or 60% of FSA earnings. And in one year, we took out 100%, but in general, there is going to be high correlation between profit repay creation and FSA basis earnings and our guidance is based on the notion that we’re going to be able to stabilize FSA earnings and the increased repay creation would kind of be a normal increase associated with recognized FSA earnings you know and then the common dividend and the share repurchase it roughly you know approaching 2 billion a year is what I would consider kind of a normalized run-rate not excessive or not supplemented in anyway but other than normal earnings. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well we have given the 2014 guidance but you know as you said you know thinking about round numbers I mean we’re between a 1 billion and a 1.5 billion and what comes next which in my mind is 2 billion so as I think about 2015, 2016 you’re probably heading in that direction. 
Kriss Cloninger: Not all profit repay creation by itself but I was including the payout to shareholders including common dividend which is approaching 700 million and you know a $1 billion say of share repurchase in 2014 which be expected to increase somewhat over the next several years. And we should have said the number but in my mind it's kind of in the range of where I’m shooting for. 
Kriss Cloninger: Tohru might be able to answer but what we’re addressing here is the incremental cost over 2013. Actually you know the way you measure cost we have had a lot of discussions with Aflac Japan personnel and you know it's whether you go through a fully absorb cost and all that kind of thing and I don’t want to get into that on accomplished goal. So I will just say that EPS the guidance is the excess direct cost that we intend to invest in the CV program over what we invested in 2013, however that number was derived. 
Kriss Cloninger: Well we’re not, we will get to count the reserve release as part of FAS earnings. However we are leaving the reserve release in Japan as part of our capital base. We’re not going to repay three any portion of the profits triggered by the reserve release associated with the reinsurance agreement. So if you just look at reported FAS profits, they will be significantly higher well by about a 100 billion yen than they would have been without the agreement and we don’t plan to take any of that out. We plan to generate capital with this transaction and we couldn’t achieve that purpose if we repay created that portion. 
Kriss Cloninger: I’m relying pretty much on routine FSA operating earnings which will not be benefited in any extraordinary way by the reinsurance agreement. There will be a routine cost in the FSA earnings approximately of the same amount that impacts U.S. GAAP earnings as I indicated. There will be a difference between the premiums net of allowance is paid and the benefits received, that will probably a net cost of reinsurance that will go through 2015 FSA earnings in addition to GAAP and staff [ph] but that’s not material compared to you know what we’re talking about on the initial reserve release associated with the transaction. 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes. As Kriss pointed out that we have been developing the program during the last couple of years, but OECs of the program, most of our jobs that are of – say what I call the planning and less implementation or a development of the program. But during the 2013, we have increased the level of the program development of the program and then best activity will be higher in the 2014 and then it will be plateaued for the rest of the several years. So yes and as Dan mentioned, the timing of incurring the expenses is tied to the volume the work we put into the program. So we discussed to move the timing, accelerate that work to the extent possible, but there aren’t too much say flexibility available to us on that. So this is as much as we could have done. 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, Paul, thank you. And one thing I would like to point out is that the Japan Post network is a huge network and that network happens to have the least say overlap with our existing distribution network. In other words, we have been very good after the promotion of the business in the large metropolitan areas, but relatively not so good in the rural areas. On the contrary, Japan Post network is spread all over the Japan including very rural areas. So we are hoping that having the Japan Post network will help us increase the sales in the areas, which we have not been so strong in. 
Tohru Tonoike: Yes, this is Tohru. I think I agree with Paul about the prospects of the co-pay for the elderly people between 70 to 74. 
Paul Amos: Yes. John really quickly I will say that obviously the additional promotion expense is around pushing our third sector products. We clearly deemphasized the first sector and emphasized the third sector. And we are trying to push those products where we fill the launch of our new EVER plan has done at or above expectation and we feel strongly about where we’re going to end up the fourth quarter on the third sector side. So overall I think the coordination of our communication and promotion is critical to the success of the sale and I feel very good about what we’re going to do in that marketplace. 
Paul Amos: Yes, I am going to turn it over to Tohru here in just a second to talk to his perspective on Japan Post, this is Paul, but I will tell you that as Dan called it at the last conference call a game changer, we want to make sure you understand that everything that happens in Japan happens at a methodical and very pragmatic pace. We have amounts that we are opening up a 1,000 additional post office locations beginning in October. And we believe that through the middle to end of next year, we will potentially be looking at products and how we will enhance our cancer plans effectively sell through the Japan Post channel, but we believe over time that product and that will be pushed through that channel in a highly effective manner and we believe it’s something they can be a benefit. We are not ready to commit to any particular numbers based on what are continuing and ongoing negotiations with Japan Post about how that will both be rolled out in terms of the number of branches as well as what the sales targets will be, but Tohru, if there are any additional comments you want to make, we just continue to believe that this is a significant deal for the company and we will have a material impact on our cancer sales. 
Paul Amos: Yes. The only thing is that during the basically the planning stage, we have been able to absorb the cost within our general expenses. And as Kriss mentioned, it was in the third quarter of this year when we finalized the plan for the whole program at which time we became able to communicate our plans more clearly to the outside world. So yes, and so like I said that until 2013, we were able to absorb the cost within the general budget, but that asset the program going into the full implementation stage that is the amount of the cost to exceed the range we can absorb. 
Paul Amos: Overall you know obviously we don’t know where we’re going to finish this year with the strong momentum that we have in the third sector due to the new product launch in the middle of August. It's hard for us to tell exactly how we’re going to finish the end of this year. However we do believe it's going to be at the high end of the range that we have given 0 to 5 but at this point as Dan mentioned there are quite a few factors going on all the sales projects for next year whether we put in caps on first sector products whether we you know what products we’re going to launch in terms of next year and having in the third sector. We do feel third sector is going to be continue to be the emphasis but at this point we just can’t give you a strong range, what we will do though is in the fourth quarter at least give you those numbers and that’s what we have traditionally done even though we have given you the earnings release previously we have given you the sales projection at the end of the fourth quarter and that’s exactly what we plan to do to remain consistent with years passed. 
Ken Janke: Nigel, this is Ken. Let me comment briefly on your exchange related question. Dan has indicated that we are in the process of piloting the Aflac private exchange which referred to as Everwell. It actually just started last week. So we have had several cases built in a very limited number of markets, but we don’t have enrollments occurring yet. It was our decision when we began down this path to take a very conservative and pragmatic approach to the market with the rollout of the exchange. We want to make sure that it meets everyone’s expectations, the agent’s expectations, the expectations of the employer as well as the employee and also us internally. So we prefer to go a bit slower as we launch this. So we are piloting in three states. If all goes well, we would expect a schedule rollout next year, but the purpose right now is really for the 50 and under case size market. So, it’s a very targeted market for the Aflac private exchange into – a couple of years from now to likely go up to a 100, but the private exchange will primarily be for the small case market. Your question about Aflac products appearing on other exchanges that is something that we are evaluating currently, but it’s really taking for right now at least a backseat to the efforts we are taking to get the AFLAC private exchange rolled out properly. 
Ken Janke: Basically, this is Ken, the price increase that we implemented for first sector products in effect became a production cap, because they were the primary distributors moved out our products, but with interest rates declining again in Japan, we don’t want to repeat a 2011, where our other companies put in production caps and all of a sudden we have become more attractive product in the marketplace. And so you can still make this a good profit margin product investing in JGB, so I assume the pricing has been dramatically altered then. 
Ken Janke: Randy, this is Ken. We typically move out of the blackout period after in the afternoon of the daylight today after the conference call when we know all of the news has been properly disseminated. We have evaluated not only our capital position, but trading volumes and restrictions that we have for purchasing on a daily basis and we are confident that we can execute those purchases in the fourth quarter. 
