Koji Ariyoshi: [Interpreted]This is Koji. I will answer your question. As Dan mentioned in his speech, because Japan Post or JP at January to March was their very last quarter of the fiscal year, they focused on the sales of the proprietary product sales. And from April this year this is the start of the new fiscal year for JP. So now they are starting to sell more cancer insurance products. However, what is different from last year is that even though their quarter is at the fiscal year’s starting, they will be selling their cancer insurance more in an equalized manner than compared to last year, instead it was really focusing on just a particular quarter. So, as a result, we are expecting that JP will still be negative at the end of the second quarter. However, since last year JP has been working on improving the productivity such as to really strengthen the sales skills, and they have also been accumulating a very efficient motivation increasing efforts. And we do believe that their sales and performance will increase in the second half by leveraging all of these efforts that they have been working on. Now, going on to the associates’ channel, the second quarter last year was when we had a very large increase in the third sector sales because of the new cancer product launch last year, and we are expecting that the second quarter this year will be negative because of the reason that I have mentioned as well as the long consecutive holidays for our Emperor’s Accession Enthronement this year. However, at the end of the second quarter, there will be further revision of a medical insurance although we are not able to disclose the details at this point. However, we are expecting that we will have an increase in the third quarter because we will be launching a very effective commercial together with associated direct mails; and then starting with that, our sales activities will increase. As a result, we will have a good third quarter si our expectation. So, as a result, associated with the guidelines that we have – our guidance that we have indicated at the beginning of the year, we will end in a single mid-range negative figure. That is a combined number of associates and JP channel. That’s it for me.
Koji Ariyoshi: Well, what we are going to do is there are some things that we were not necessarily able to incorporate some of the changes incorporated in the January change of revision. And I’m not able to elaborate on the details because it has not been announced yet. As we try to provide various products based on the needs, we would like to be providing these kind of benefits and coverage depending on the status of customer’s health because our policy life is very long.
Koji Ariyoshi: The writers versus the base policy is 15% to 16% premium, in case of the income support writer is 15% to 16%, in the case of care writer is 15% to 20%.
Daniel Amos: Nigel, the one thing that you asked the question was and I want to be clear is, is that nothing’s changed. We expected this. So as we were preparing for the first quarter relief, we realized we needed to make sure everyone else understood that. But when I saw the 16% coming in last year, I knew oh-oh in 2019 it’s going to be a big hurdle and how we’re going to offset it? And the answer was even going back to the second quarter of last year, we’re going to have a great second half of 2019 and so we’re on plan to do that.
Daniel Amos: I’m going to let Koji talk but I want to remind you that part of the reason that it’s changed somewhat is due to this new writer concept. We would write a new policy and they would then lapse their old one. And now what is more efficient and better for the company and for the policyholders is to have writers. So, Koji, why don’t you discuss that for a moment? And if there’s anything else, I’ll be glad to answer too.
Daniel Amos: And so what I would say is, is that we’re proceeding in a very methodical and cautious way to where we can have products and services that will enhance not only our business but also enhance Japan Post business. And it never moves as fast as any of us want, but I’m very pleased with the cooperation on both Aflac Japan’s management team and also what they’re doing with Japan Post. So as I said, 2019 is a year of planning; 2020 will be part of execution in moving forward. So we are working toward that end.
Daniel Amos: Let me just say that this is not unusual and that when we’re dealing with our sales people, they come up with ideas and thoughts and we look back to see if there’s anything that we can ultimately make is more sales appealing. So I wouldn’t take into this anything major. This is a minor adjustment. But if it will help our sales people, then we try to work towards that end.
Daniel Amos: We’re absolutely for that. We think it’s in the best interest. The costs associated with it are going to be through the roof, because as you know in other countries they have – they limit medical access on different things. And we would be the first country that would go to a period of where you would have unlimited access with unlimited costs, so the costs associated with it is another issue, a political one in my opinion. But just know we as a company want people to have it because we think we’ve got the product that will help build those gaps that are going to be created in today’s society.
Daniel Amos: And I think our position all along has been a very moderate position. We haven’t been at an extreme on any area. And it’s the extremism that brings the most criticism. And so I think we’re very well positioned. I think we will continue at this pace. The Board will of course constantly review that to see if there’s any areas that they think we should be looking at. But I think if anything you know about our company is we try to look ahead of what the trends are no matter what they might be; political, consumer activism, whatever it might be, to make sure we’re on top of what’s taking place. So I can assure you this is a top of mind subject that we will continue to monitor, but we feel we’re well positioned right now.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. The way to interpret Dan’s comments are as follows. One is, as we may have mentioned I think or made public a few months ago, Japan Post has established the trust which now allows them to move forward on the purchasing of stock when they’re prepared to do so. Dan’s comment was related to ongoing regulatory approvals that are required particularly in the U.S. that will go on through deeper into the year. This is essentially the Form A process in various states that they need to go through. That however doesn’t prohibit their ability to start the process of building shares. They simply needed to get the trust in place. And then of course it’s entirely up to them and their tactics as to how and when they begin purchasing. And we’re sort of leaving that up to them of course. So that’s the way to interpret it, John.
Fredrick Crawford: The answer is no, I can’t tell you and no I don’t know. And that is somewhat by design in the sense that we other than the provisions of the alliance, for example, the one year provision that starts from the beginning of them purchasing shares and building to the 7% ownership level, we’re treating them as any other institutional investor which means we’re not in a position to either know and/or report out on what they’re doing relative to building the position. What I would say is this though. It’s an obvious question that we would receive and we know that. And so what we would do is refer you to any disclosures that Japan Post makes as part of their registered environment with the Tokyo Stock Exchange or any other disclosures they choose to make. And so we’ll be paying attention to that. But otherwise we are treating them as any other institutional investor in that regard.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes, let me answer both and give you more perspective, you and everybody else on the call. And that is, so from the standpoint of expenses it is a timing-related area and the quarter did in fact benefit from the timing of expenses which by default means that these expenses will start the process of building and running through in the latter part of the year. To be more specific, in the U.S. our estimates are that expenses ran approximately $20 million better than we had anticipated and therefore we would expect the build of that or shift of that expense into future periods. There is nothing necessarily unusual about this. It’s what I would call the normal timing related to the picking up of various initiatives and spend related to that. Staying on the U.S. and answering your DAC question, we did see elevated DAC expense in the quarter. It’s not unusual for DAC expense to be elevated in the first quarter. You’ll see that in some of our supplemental information and that’s because you have a natural level of higher lapsation in the first quarter due to annual enrollment dynamics. And so each year you’ll notice that our benefit ratio tends to be a bit lower in the first quarter and our DAC amortization higher and that’s the result of increased lapsation, particularly as we start to change the mix of business towards group and larger groups, you’ll see that perhaps a little bit more pronounced. And so that’s what’s driving DAC expense up. We also had a little bit of what I would call cleanup, if you will, related to estimates we made around DAC amortization on certain groups that we anticipated lapsing or that had lapsed late in the year in December and we had to true-up those estimates. That probably kicked up our DAC expense in the U.S. by about $5 million. So back on the delayed expense issue to Japan, Japan also had that dynamic. It was largely revolving around promotional spend and we estimate that about ¥1.6 billion, okay, of delay, if you will. In other words, we had anticipated ¥1.6 billion more of expense related to promotion. That will shift into the later quarters. And then finally on corporate, corporate expenses were also a bit below our estimate and that actually has more to do with the pace of spend on the new accounting adoption. As many companies are doing in our industry, we’re having to adopt the new accounting and we’re starting into the more significant project spend related to that. In fact, we anticipate that spend being pre-tax around $20 million to $25 million in 2019 and that will start to pick up as we go through the year. So if you want me to wrap it all in a bow for you, we would estimate that the quarter benefitted by approximately $0.04 a share related to these expense timing issues.
Fredrick Crawford: One thing I do want to step in and make a comment about. This is Fred. That entire discussion was surrounding the very important strategy related to our medical product. But when you first asked your question, you were somewhat pointing to cancer product and be very careful about looking at the pattern of sales in cancer over the last several quarters and think of it in terms of the lifecycle of the product. Last year in the second quarter and that was the first time that we refreshed the cancer product of course in four years which means there is substantial advancements in the quality of the product in coverage because of advancements in cancer treatment. It also included a very attractive premium waiver feature which was particularly attractive in the Japan Post channel. And importantly, it was the first time that we meaningfully revised the cancer product in the Japan Post channel. And so you saw a big spike in sales in the sales in the second quarter and then continued strength throughout 2018. You can’t look at the first quarter results in cancer sales in JP in particular in their fourth quarter and think of that as the end of the product cycle. That has more to do with them having reached all of their goals. And so they naturally pivoted towards their proprietary product. They’re going to pivot back to this very attractive cancer product as we go throughout the year and that’s what’s going to give the recovery. So just be careful about looking at those patterns and assume there’s some sort of shorten cancer product cycle.
Fredrick Crawford: I’ll just add one thing real quick too on the cancer block. You’ll recall that we’re developing new cancer policies to keep up with treatments for cancer. And it’s in our best interest to offer this to existing policyholders. So part of our marketing campaigns over time have been through direct mails and follow up by our agents to offer them the latest cancer coverage which we think is the best interest of the policyholder.
Fredrick Crawford: But just to be clear, this has always been our plan. We’re not redoing anything in June or second quarter in response to our resulted first quarter. This has been our plan all along.
Fredrick Crawford: Yes. We would expect them to have to obviously follow all of the guidelines associated with reporting.
Fredrick Crawford: This is Fred. I’ll answer and then Dan can pick up from the Board level. But I think just in terms of capital allocation, obviously after a 36-year track record of increasing the dividend and certainly intending to continue that track record, we feel like we’re in good shape on balancing the dynamics of investing in our business, buying back stock and paying out a common stock dividend. In terms of stock repurchase, it remains a very good investment of the company particularly on a risk-adjusted basis. And it also is the basis upon which we measure up other opportunities, the degree to which other non-organic, for example, opportunities can come into play. I think from the political perspective, the only thing I would generally agree with because I think it’s just good management and that is you don’t – as a company you don’t deserve to be significantly buying back your stock and frankly paying a high dividend until you first and foremost secure your balance sheet and secure your capital ratios in such a way that you can meet all the promises of your policyholders and frankly meet any obligations you have to your employees, that includes pension obligations. And so there’s elements of it I agree with. However, I don’t see any need to regulate that type of dynamic. I think frankly good management and governance self regulates those issues in my view. So that’s my thinking.
