Kenneth S. Janke: Nigel, this is Ken. Right now, as we've mentioned, the JPY 65 billion, we still believe, is a reasonable estimate for next year's profit repatriation. We currently anticipate returning to our normal dividend policy for Aflac U.S. up to the parent company to support the quarterly cash dividend payment and other parent company obligations. In terms of funding the share repurchase activities that we've anticipate for 2013, I think the combination of, and our ability to further dividend upstream, plus the liquidity that we have on hand, would enable us to do that. We were sitting at approximately $950 million of cash at the parent company level at the end of September after dividend payments and $100 million of repatriations in the fourth quarter -- or excuse me, repurchase in the fourth quarter, will probably around $785 million of cash at the end of the year. As far as the DTAs go, we have generated gains this year. Unfortunately, the gains that we've generated have gone against the taxable losses that we've incurred as part of the derisking activities and selling assets at a loss. We're still looking at, actually, a couple strategies that we think will help address the DTA issue going forward, but we still have a little more work to do on those.
Kenneth S. Janke: Suneet, I'd add just a couple of things. This is Ken. First, I think one of the ways you can think about this, in the way that we're hedging using forwards as opposed to cross-currency swaps is that the system looks similar to the reversible currency securities, you'll recall, that we had purchased for many years, meaning that we're not hedging the coupon. We're collecting the coupons in dollars and we'll have the flexibility to either reinvest in dollars, or convert those coupons to yen and reinvest in yen. What we're really hedging is the balance sheet risk. So that the securities, the book value of those securities, their marked value don't fluctuate with currency changes. They'll fluctuate with credit changes, interest rate changes, but we're protecting it from currency changes. And the reason we're doing that is really because of the solvency margin ratio in Japan. And interestingly enough, the treatment of these securities, on an FSA basis, is actually favorable compared with buying straight yen-denominated, privately-issued securities that we used to buy.
Kenneth S. Janke: Well again, we're not hedging the coupons. We are hedging the balance sheet, really, not the coupons. But again, to your point, and as we discussed when we think about value -- to the extent that these securities are going to support policy liabilities -- in particular, WAYS -- we think economically. And when we run our cash flow test internally, we're going to consider the cost of the hedge.
Kenneth S. Janke: Well, I think we -- a couple of things. Number one, we've said that we anticipate funding our share repurchase activities with profit repatriation so that JPY 65 billion translates into a little over $800 million. We would expect to have more dividend capacity on a U.S. statutory basis next year than we had this year, just given where we are with realized investment losses on a statutory basis. So as we think about next year, again, we want to maintain some prudence and we're going to be very cognizant of the world around us if additional losses emerge. But assuming that we have a relatively benign environment, thinking that we can buy somewhere within that -- we've indicated $300 million to $900 million in Kriss's speech in May -- we'd be at the high-end of the range if we felt comfortable deploying all of that. But yes, that would be available if we felt that was the right thing to do. And again, in the meantime, we have ample liquidity at the parent company. You'll recall that we did not dividend from the life company to the parent company all this year. We really relied on parent company liquidity to meet our corporate needs.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. Jeff, I'd kind of lead you back to what we reviewed at the Analyst Meeting in September in Tokyo, the information we laid out on the presentation at that time showed what the impact on profitability would be on the current core products, with current core pricing -- current core product pricing, if we were able to achieve an increase in, say, interest assumption on investment assets from, say, 2% to -- 2% to 2.25% or 2.5%. And those charts showed that at 2% interest new money, we'd have a profit margin on WAYS that range from 8 to 12. If we achieved an increase to 2.25%, then I think we'd expect that margin to go up to 13 to 17. And if we could get 2.5%, we'd go up to 17 to 21 expected profit as a percent of premium over the life of the contract. So with the new investment program, we've had some real positive impact on our ability to enhance new money yields. That being said, for the short term, some of that increase in new money yields is going to be offset. And I mentioned this in Tokyo again to try moderate the excitement a little bit, some of that increase in new money yields is going to fund the increase in investment expenses for personnel and infrastructure, et cetera, associated with the new investment team, and that'll dampen things for, say, 6 months to a year a bit. But it is a long-term improvement in profitability, and that will be important. Now, we did, October 22, decrease the credit and interest rate on the discounted advance premium from 1% to 0.5%. That basically gives us an extra 50 basis points on the funds held under that program. And the funds held under that program basically represent half the total premium ever collected on the contract, because we collect total premiums due during the contract on day 1. And just for example, on the 10-pay WAYS, we'd collect first full 10 premiums. We would apply the first premium to the policy the day we collected it. So on balance, we'd have 9 premiums on deposit for the next 9 years; on average, we'd have 4.5 premiums on deposit and an extra 50 basis points, which gives us roughly an extra 2.25% of premium profit over the life of that particular contract. So things are headed in the right direction is all I can tell you.
Kriss Cloninger: You'll have the potential repricing when the standard interest rates decline to 1%, and we'll definitely have repricing activity. At that time, we'll try to watch what competition is doing. We don't want to give ourselves a competitive disadvantage in the market. But I believe that clearly, the premium rate changes associated with the decline and the assumed valuation interest rate in Japan for reserves will tend to increase premium rates, and that will take effect on April 1, 2013.
Kriss Cloninger: I'll start out with it. The accounting that we will be utilizing, consistent with GAAP, will take the change in the fair value of the hedges through net realized gains and losses. And the cost of the hedging will be reflected in that line item of the financial statement. That being said, that will be the accounting presentation. The economic evaluation of the profitability of the business, in my mind, will have to be a net of the anticipated cost and the actual cost of the hedging. So I don't want you to get confused to say, "Well, these guys aren't looking at the economics or looking at the accounting. " Because I'm not going to worry about geography when I'm evaluating economic profitability, and I'll just say that. Now, we'll have to reflect the potential implication of the hedging activities and our cash flow analysis that we use for both the actuarial evaluation of reserve adequacy on both U.S. statutory and on an FSA reporting basis. And that will involve using the same type of stochastic processes that we currently use in evaluating cash flows, cash flow adequacy and the like. So all that will be baked into the normal cash flow testing process we go through, effective this year end.
Kriss Cloninger: Let me just say, we recognize what the GAAP reporting requirements are, but we are also recognizing the operating earnings as we define them are a non-GAAP financial measure. And we may have some internal discussions about what the most appropriate presentation of hedging cost in relation to operating earnings is. For the current year, we've chosen not to change anything. But we may have some internal discussions, and we'll let you know what our conclusions are.
Kriss Cloninger: I don't know if Eric would totally agree with this, but let me just throw it out. And that is, from my perspective, we wouldn't allocate 75% of the cash flow of any quarter to this corporate bond program on a long-term basis. And the way I look at it is, we're repositioning a part of the current portfolio as part of that 75%, and even though we're not liquidating it, but let's just say, new money-wise, we're putting 30% in to the new program, and another 45% we're converting to corporates as kind of in lieu doing gains and losses, et cetera, and putting it in there. So as we just build the blocks, in my mind, I kind of look at it like we are repositioning a part of the current portfolio away from JGBs, even though it's all new money.
Daniel P. Amos: And I want to make one comment about our sales force. I am so impressed with Aflac Japan's sales force to -- especially the bank channel, to adapt to these things. To say, "Nu-uh, we're not going to take profit margins at these ranges. We want higher profit margins. And we're stopping 5-pay WAYS. We're doing discount advance premiums. " And of course, the sidebar is, what a great job our investment team has come up with the higher interest rates. And then also in April, we're going to see these things. It has been a wonderful job, on Toru's part and that management team, for what they've done to adapt. Because this is a change. We never used to have to do it like this, and now we're going to vary to make sure we make our profits and do the things we need to do.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. I want to remind you that one thing that gives you a harder picture to follow is just remembering that WAYS is 9x more than the price of the medical product -- than the medical products, and even endowment is 3x more. So the number of policy sales look better. And remember that our Cancer product is 20% cheaper than it was because the changes we had in it. So actual policy sales look a little better than the premium sales numbers do.
Daniel P. Amos: But I think it's reasonable to say that we've been looking at hedging cost being 1% versus 41%. And if it doesn't make sense at 1%, then we're not looking at it at all.
Daniel P. Amos: Yes. The only thing I would say is that if you take where we are today and look at where we were a year ago, it's a totally different -- a way of looking at what's going on. I mean, we are in a position where every day, profits -- margins and profits are going up. And I think we're well-positioned to have a great fourth quarter and 2013, and I couldn't be more excited about the future and what's really been an ability our company to withstanding what went on with the financial crisis and now move look forward and really see some growth going ahead.
Eric M. Kirsch: If the market stays stable in terms of current interest rates in the U.S. and Japan, spread levels around where they are, on an absolute basis, we would expect our yields to go up. Because as we disclosed, our plans right now, subject to market conditions, are to invest about 2/3 of fourth quarter cash flow in a similarly-structured corporate bond program hedged back to yen. So because the proportion of our new money would go to that program, based on current market conditions, the yield would go up versus last quarter whose, of course, yields had gone up from the prior quarter because we're investing 1/3 in that corporate program. So by and large, we would expect it to go up. Current forecast would be about, and this after a hedging cost of around 2 60 or so. But again, market rates can change, spreads change. So that's just a rough estimate based on what we know today.
Eric M. Kirsch: The way I would phrase it is it's a matter of risk management and a matter of having a macro view of the economy, short-term interest rates. So it is something that we have to look at very carefully, and there are variety of different hedging strategies we can employ over time. So today, am I worried? No. I don't think -- I think there is very little risk from a macro perspective, that U.S. interest rates go up any time or that Japan short-term interest rates change. Over the long term, those dynamics will change, and we will adjust our hedging strategies appropriately. And as you recollect in Japan, we talked about over time using forwards, cross-currency swaps. We could use longer rolling forwards. I'd also keep in mind that when we employ these strategies, we stress test them against our capital ratios and take a number of factors into account. I'd also say over time, we may not always buy in corporate hedge, we may buy other asset classes that are yen-denominated, et cetera. So it is absolutely something that's important, but it's another risk factor amongst many, and you'll see our program continue to develop and become more sophisticated as the amount of assets we deploy, and it continued to grow.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes. The collateral is actually matched from a maturity standpoint. So it's very short duration, it's also back at JGBs. It's a very small pickup. My recollection is around maybe 10 basis points or so -- 30 or so? I'm sorry, 30 or so on the whole program. So this is an opportunity for us. As you know, we've got a lot of JGBs, and a good portion of those sit in ultra [ph] maturity. So when we have opportunities to enhance income, by not really taking on much more risk, that's just extra gravy, if you will, for us. So this was a good opportunity and we're able utilize of those HTM JGBs in this fashion.
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. Well, let me take that from 2 ways. As you recollect -- and I went over this in Japan -- we did a strategic asset allocation program with Goldman Sachs. And from an asset allocation perspective, and this program looked over a 3-year rolling period. So for the next 3 years, we could see the U.S. corporate program being -- and this includes growth of our -- assumes growth of our balance sheet -- being up to about 20% or 25% of total assets. From the standpoint of capacity of the forwards markets, that's really not an issue. The currency forwards market is the most liquid, largest market, one of the largest markets in the world. So there's more than adequate capacity. Of course, we also have to manage our counterparty risk. And in that regard, as you may recollect, we've initiated this program with 3 Japan mega banks as counterparties, but we're expanding our use of iz-biz [ph] so we can expand the list of counterparties as the program grows. So if there would be any limit, it would just be the credit quality of our counterparties. But we don't see that as being a problem over the next 3 years as the program grows, as long as we continue to grow all list of counterparties.
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. A couple of things on that. That's correct. Anything that lead -- that shows up as an increase in date was because of downgrades. Again, tying back to the asset allocation strategy, high-yield would be an asset class; that is part of our asset allocation strategy. So that would be buying the true high-yield asset class as opposed to downgrades. In the short-term, we're not planning on allocating to that asset class. As you recollect, we're still building our team and capability. We anticipate having that capability mid-year next year, but then we'll still have to make the decision tactically. We'll look at spreads in that market, whether or not it's a good time to allocate money to high-yield. So over time, the answer is yes. When exactly we would do it? That will be based on market conditions. And one other thing, just to mention for clarity, going back to the hedging. The cost, right now, of our hedging, which, as Dan mentioned, it was 41 basis points. That is a very, very low cost, which has primarily been driven by the low U.S. interest rates and the low Japan interest rates. We don't expect that cost to stay that low forever. We know historically it's been higher, so we're in the low point in cost, but it also makes it attractive to use these types of forwards at the same time. So over time, these costs will increase from an investment perspective. We're always going to look at all of our investment alternatives and we'll look at them net of hedging cost versus JGBs, versus high-yield or other asset classes. So it'll be a dynamic position over time based on market conditions, but I think it's worth pointing out that those hedging costs most likely will increase versus decrease over time, given that they're all at all time lows.
Eric M. Kirsch: Not necessarily, because the hedging cost per forwards is based on short-term rate differentials. And we don't go out and buy short-term paper; we but longer-term paper, 10 to 30 years. So it really depends on the shape of the yield curve. So we could be in an environment where short-term rates in the U.S. go up; that would cause the cost of the hedges to go up, but the long end of yield curve may not go up. So there's not necessarily a correlation between those 2 things.
Eric M. Kirsch: Sure. Over time, yes. We would consider all of our assets that are available for sale and say, is there a better opportunity for them, whether it's JGBs or something else. Of course, we have to consider liquidity and duration and capital ratios when we do that. Relative to gains, we did, as you already know, manage during the quarter, because when we're sitting on large gains in our FSA JGBs, we did realize some of those gains as we tried to proactively manage our gains and losses. Nevertheless, we reinvested it to JGBs, primarily because during the quarter, we had put a cap in the third quarter on how much we were going to put into the corporate bond program. So we were already targeted to be at that cap. As we look at the fourth quarter, we have a pretty good target for the amount of corporates, and that's a healthy target and a healthy dose of higher yields for the program. So we don't feel compelled right now that we need to make that swap. But that's available to us, depending on market conditions, which we could do at some point in time, and that'll be a relative value decision. But right now, we're pretty happy with the amount of money we're going to target in the fourth quarter, so we don't see a need to target even more.
Eric M. Kirsch: Yes. No, I think that's an excellent point, because as you all know, prior to the initiation of this program, if I could put in these terms, we overallocated to JGBs because we didn't really have many alternatives based on our old investment strategy, since we had stopped buying private placements almost entirely. So in essence, we overallocated to JGBs at the beginning of the year, but now that we have the flexibility to do the corporate program, there's just the higher percentage going in there as a way to fine tune the overall allocations. To Kriss's point as well, as we continue to build out our capabilities -- again, go back to the Japan presentation -- I've put on the board different asset classes we will buy over time. So you should expect to see, and I think it will probably start to even out second part of next year, certainly into 2014, where we'll be buying some JGBs, some investment-grade corporates hedge, some emerging markets high-yield, including some alternatives on the Board. So you'll see it even out over time, but right now, you're seeing those adjustments be disproportionate, in essence, because of the high amount to JGBs earlier this year.
Paul S. Amos: Sure. As Dan mentioned and as I've mentioned, my goal is to manage this business for the long-term, not just for the short term. So while 13 weeks of business is important, I'm really trying to manage our growth for not only 2012, but '13, '14 and beyond. So in this past summer, the disruption that Dan is talking about is the combination of our sales and marketing strategy departments all into one, bringing in external leadership to help run sales, and then making sure our field force understands exactly what we're trying to do. Less so, about any disruption from the broker market and what specifically is happening in the broker market. And in terms of sales, we have seen, as we've stepped in the fourth quarter enrollments, specifically with our smaller accounts, more of a decline in sentiment and purchasing than we originally expected. When we came out in a recent release, and even Kriss's comments, at the mini FAB in Tokyo, we commented that we thought we would be still within the range. The reason decline has to do with what we expect sales to be based on what we're seeing come out of our small-business enrollments that Dan directly highlighted between small-business sentiment, as well as what we believe is apprehension around the election, taxes and a multitude of other items by small business owners. As I've said all along, we continue to build on our broker strategy to be a hedge against the small business, any negative downturn in small business and our ability to write business in there. While that market continues to grow and grow well for us, we are seeing -- still seeing great success with our broker market and broker growth. At this point, the size of our field force in our core market, which continues to be our key focus, is so grossly proportionately larger than just any downturn in that small-business market -- especially in the fourth quarter -- will have a negative effect on our ability to produce sales increases. So overall, I'm very optimistic for the long-term. We're putting in an incredible training program beginning in January. I think we're doing all the right things, from a management standpoint, to make sure that long-term sales go well. But in the short-term, we are seeing the adverse effect of both the economy, as well as apprehension in the small-business market.
Paul S. Amos: I'm not focusing it on group versus individual, I'm focusing in on broker versus our core field [ph] [indiscernible]
Paul S. Amos: And the reason I do that is, I'm platform-agnostic. Whether an account chooses group products or individual products makes no difference to me. But what I am trying to do is manage our distinct distribution channels. And one thing I do want to point out too is we've seen great success with our field force partnering with brokers actually help them enroll their accounts. So I am very happy with our ability to succeed there, and yes, I do expect to see continued growth in the broker market. I expect to see some struggles with our career market. But as I said, based on the training program and the things we're putting in place, I expect us to be able to move forward in a positive manner throughout '13 and beyond.
Paul S. Amos: Yes. We've always had direct products. In fact, that's -- we've offered direct pricing in the United States for many years. Our agents have always found that the ability to sell at the worksite not only provides us a better actuarial risk, but it provide the ability for the agent to be more productive because they can sell to a larger volume of people in a shorter period of time. And as well, as I think Americans in general, are used to purchasing their products at the worksite. That said, we do expect the combination of both ObamaCare PAC or whatever you want to call it, as well as the millennial generation being 50% of the workforce by 2016, to have some impact on how people choose to purchase insurance. Yes, it's my job, as well as our sales and marketing teams to make sure that we're staying ahead and looking at all possible alternatives. But we still believe, Steven, that the best market for us is the worksite businesses with 100 employees or less. And all of the other alternatives, including the broker market as well as the direct market, represent places for us to get incremental growth. But again, for us, we are going to focus in on America's smallest businesses and the opportunity for us to be successful there.
