Ken Janke: Chris, this is Ken. Let me start with that. This has been an issue as long as we’ve been in Japan as Japan has grown to be a larger portion of our business that obviously has affected the sensitivity of earnings to currency changes. But the one thing that I would remind you is that there is a distinct difference between foreign currency transactions and foreign currency translation. We are certainly interested as Robin indicated in hedging economic events like capital being remitted from Japan to the United States. But we don’t think it makes sense to enter into an economic contract to hedge a financial reporting event. Largely Japan is a yen denominated entity that’s self-funded. We collect premiums in Yen. We pay benefits and expenses in Yen. We back our Yen liabilities with Yen assets, but to the degree that this year’s Yen rate differs from last year’s influences how those Yen get reported in dollars. So again when we think about hedging, we’re really focused on the economics of the business as opposed to financial reporting of the business.
Ken Janke: Mark, this is Ken. Let me start with this and I think Dan or Kriss and maybe even Tohru might want to jump in and add something. But the basis thought process is this. Clearly we’re in the business of making commitments to customers and foremost on our mind is that we can fulfill those obligations to our policy holders. We have to protect their interests. So in that regard their protection really is measured by Japan’s capital requirements, in other words the solvency margin ratio is critical. So we do a lot of work around the solvency margin ratio itself, projecting the ratio, stress testing the ratio and both relatively mild scenarios as well as very extreme scenarios to understand what risks there are to those ratios. And as we’ve discussed in the past, unlike the RBC ratio, we also have interest rate risk to the SMR in Japan because the portion portfolio is mark-to-market for FSA reporting whereas RBC does not do that. In both ratios, SMR as well there’s currency risk because we have a fairly significant un-hedged dollar position in the dollar portfolio that we’ve had for more than 20 years.  So really analysis is around making sure that our SMR is healthy enough to protect our customers and accommodate risks. Once we have comfort with that we do look at our FSA based earnings as a guide and as you point out, generally we have looked at a rule of thumb of pulling out 80% of FSA earnings and that would be FSA net income to include operating results as well as realized investment gains or losses. And then we’ll simply look at what the parent company’s needs are, liquidity needs and we will deliberate internally as well with our management in Japan and come up with a recommendation and agreement on what we’ll repatriate. And that’s basically how we’ve done it for some time. And again we’ll give you more insight into the exact numbers in just a few weeks, but that’s really the process. 
Ken Janke: This is Ken, Jay. We are not going to go that far. But I know you see this in your model. The vast majority of our revenues are known at January 1 of each year, given the significant persistency of Japan's enforce block, the stable and recently improving persistency of the U.S. block, the investment income combined with the predictability of our expenses and benefits. It's not a catalyst type of story. You see fairly consistent results emerge over long periods of time and I think that’s really what Robin was referring to. Again, we don’t want to get into a specific range but I think her comment really suggests that we don’t expect a material change either upward or downward in the earning trajectory for next year. We are just going to give ourselves a bit more time to fine tune those estimates for '14.
Ken Janke: Jeff, it’s Ken again. It’s long been the case that the real source of our free cash flow is profit repatriation from Japan. And as we discussed last year at the Analyst meeting, the U.S has been saddled from a cash standpoint with additional tax payments to the U.S treasury because of the significant derisking that occurred in the Japanese portfolio which simply shifts the U.S export and as you know Aflac U.S as well. The U.S is responsible for all of the interest expense on the debt at the parent company level. So when you’re thinking about -- at least until we see more normalcy and I think we’re getting to that point because the losses have really been diminished recently to the extent that we don’t have realized investment losses in Japan you don’t see that tax burden hurting the U.S segment as much. So we’re starting to see more normalcy there. But it is fair that the constraint for cash flow largely as the SMR in Japan’s ability to repatriate capital.
Paul Amos: Well, there have obviously been certain things that have been delayed within the healthcare reform package. There are questions about when the exchange implementation will occur, whether it will be in 2014 or 2015. Obviously being the proceeding fourth quarter open enrollment period to either of those dates that would have the largest effect. That said Chris, one of the things that we’ve been highly focused on is work within the broker market continuing to have our field force work with brokers, continuing to succeed at the upper end of the broker market and growing that business. One of the reasons that we knew that we would see sales be weaker in the first half of the year was not just the comparisons, but it was also the continued work within that market where we expect to see more fourth quarter enrolments with or without healthcare reform.  So my overall assessment at this point is that even given the current environment and the information that we are knowledgeable about today that we still believe we will be within that 0% to 5% growth target for 2013. That said, issues and things continue to arise and we cannot predict what those are going to be. We watch HHS and other groups as well as what’s happening at 50 different state governments on a daily and weekly basis about what they’re doing to implement healthcare reform. Our sales force continues to be out focused on opening new groups and continuing to try to enroll in the marketplace. But as Dan said with a somewhat jobless recovery, there have been minor headwinds. So all of those different factors play into everything that we’re trying to do while we’re simultaneously also implementing our new training system which in effect had a downturn in our recruiting in Q1 which was planned by us. So in reality I think that we are headed towards 0% to 5%, but there are a lot of things that we’re having to balance at this point.
Paul Amos: There is a whole bunch in there. So let me get it started. First of all, we view the exchanges as an opportunity not to be necessarily an online enrolment tool where we’re selling directly over the internet, but instead we view it as a direct tool to enhance our sales force to go to market and allow them to further their strength in the small business market. We’re building our own private exchange where we’ll be partnering with certain companies which we believe is going to allow our sales force to really strengthen their hold on the accounts that they have as well as continue to grow their accounts in the small business market. So I believe the exchange is a win for our sales team as opposed to being an online sale. In terms of participating in online only enrolments, there are aspects we may test, but today there continues to be large adverse selection around that type of sale as well as with increased competition in that marketplace we know that there’s going to be a drive towards limited profitability and we want to do everything we can to maintain the margins on our profits and by selling through our own private exchange we believe we maximize the ability to sell with higher margins and maintain those ratios and at the same time obviously help our sales force. On the latter half of your question around healthcare cost increases, what I would say to you …
Paul Amos: I understand. I’m sorry about that. There is a technology that is going to allow us within our exchange called iFrame. Whether the employer chooses to or not to push their employees out to the exchange, we’ll be able to actually enroll at the worksite whether they do that or not. So we can actually pull up the state or federal exchange through our enrolment technology, through this technology called iFrame. Therefore we believe we can persuade the business to allow, even if they want to go push their people out in order to qualify for the subsidy, we can help them do that. At the same time we believe that the implementation of subsidies is going to go at a very slow manner. We believe that it’s going to happen on a state by state basis depending upon their current fiscal environment and we believe that there’s going to be a very inconsistent rollout of exchanges. That’s not a political view. It’s a straight financial view of what’s going to happen. And so we’re monitoring this with the knowledge that it is going to be a highly complex environment.  What’s happening in California versus Iowa versus Alabama may be drastically different and therefore we’ll have an impact on how those local businesses decide what percentage of their people to push out to the market. We do know that the only place in the United States where we have a test market about that is the State of Massachusetts. Today only 6% of businesses actually push their employees out to the open exchange as opposed to McKenzie who’s gone out and said it could be as much as 40%. We believe it’s going to be on the lower end. In America there continues to be a war on talent where we know that small businesses more than ever value their employees and not only recruiting them but retaining them. And in order to retain them, we believe that health benefits is something they’re going to continue to want to offer. So to the extent that we can help partner with America’s small businesses to both leverage the exchange, but also to bring Aflac products and other companies’ products to the table, we believe we can continue to do extremely well.
Dan Amos: Yes, we have. Again, we have entered into a series of contracts. Our anticipated profit transfer for 2013 will really be towards the later part of July, right around the time we released second quarter earnings. We should be able to give you a better idea of what that number is in a few weeks when we conduct the analyst meeting. But again, we have undertaken a series of transactions to hedge a significant portion of this year's anticipated repatriation. And we are looking at what is available to our disposal and what makes economic sense for us for '14. And we are fine tuning those estimates and we would hope to give you a range of estimates at the analyst meeting about what repatriation in '14 would look like as well.
Dan Amos: Okay. Kriss just poked me and he said he wants to answer, but let me say one thing. One of the reasons that I want to do it next year is because I don’t think it's going to be significant. You know I want to do something in a year when it's uneventful. And I think what we have given you guidance for hasn’t changed that dramatically.
Dan Amos: And, Tom, to be specific, last year at this time we didn’t know we were going to have those additional profits that would come in. All of a sudden they came in, we did better than what we thought. In 2012 we have also given you guidance for '13 which ramped up the pressure on us in 2013. So we like to be able to see it. So that it was the positive things that happened last year that really drove this to want us to wait a little bit longer in doing it and then the SEC attorneys as well.
Dan Amos: Flat to up was only dealing with third sector. And remember, the down 40% to 60% is just for April but I think that trend may improve a little bit because always April is going to be your -- with that rate increase going in into effect. But the flat to up 5% was only for third sector.
Dan Amos: Paul and I heard the presentation on the new advertising campaign we are holding towards the end of the third quarter and fourth quarter. And I think, you are going to see sales results more in line with '09 where we came on very strong in the fourth quarter. And so I am very excited about what Aflac Japan shows both of us. So that’s very encouraging.
Dan Amos: I had that problem when I first became CEO. We had that issue. People -- we couldn’t get money out of Japan they thought, but it was because of the conservatism and the way they viewed it on an SMR basis, but once it hit the maximum it then took off. And the normalcy here is coming back and I think over the next few years you’re going to see it go back. Assuming we don’t have any more major losses and we don’t foresee them in the future, although we continue to be cautiously optimistic.
Kriss Cloninger: Yeah, Tom, let me just follow up on that. It's not that we are not going to give you guidance. We are going to give you guidance relative to the key components of the model you guys independently develop to estimate our EPS. That is, we are going to give you long-term outlooks, two to three year outlooks for Japan ratios, Japan margins, U.S. ratios, U.S. margins. And that will give you a good basis for populating your models for the operating results. What we are trying to avoid is some of the noise. The favorable or unfavorable tax settlements that might impact the change in EPS and things like that, that we have a hard time seeing 18 to 20 months in advance. So partly, we have been talking about this for several years on the advice of SEC Counsel and what you do in terms of going on the line for long-term projections. And so what we have decided is to focus more on giving you solid guidance what we can best predict and let you reach your own conclusions about some of the things that are not quite as predictable. So I am going to show you what I told you last year in Feb relative to Japan operating ratios and reconcile them to our actual results and update them for another year or so. And so you will get that kind of guidance but you are just not going to get the specific EPS prediction.
Kriss Cloninger: I’ll handle that. I’ll say our margins have been typically a bit higher in the first quarter than the latter part of year, partly because on the Japan side and to the U.S side to some extent, late in the year we have some benefit through ups and stuff like that on accounting adjustments that we’re committed to because of our [socks] process. The first quarter is usually both a favorable morbidity quarter and a lack of extraneous adjustments. So over the last several years our Japan margin has been higher in the first quarter than it has been throughout the year. the other thing is we tend to be heavily oriented toward expenses being incurred in the latter part of the year and we usually start the year somewhat cautiously on expenses and as we gain confidence that we’re achieving the plans we loosen the reins on expenses to the extent we can. So expense ratios tend to be a bit lower in the first quarter than the latter part of the year.  So I’m just saying overall our margins tend to be a little bit higher in the first part of the year than the latter part of the year. But part of that is management oriented. I’d say my take on this quarter was it was a favorable quarter, meaning that it was in line with expectations. As I mentioned in an earlier response I’m going to give you a reconciliation of FAB. The guidance we gave you on ratios as far as benefits and expenses and the like last May and tell you how that came out in 2012. And then in the first quarter of 2013, I will say on Japan our benefit ratio was maybe on the high end of the forecast because we produced more ways relative to third sector, health, in the latter part of 2012 and 2013. So the benefit ratios were a bit higher than my forecast but the expense margins were a bit lower and the profit margin came in right in the middle of the range. So I consider that to be a favorable outcome.
Kriss Cloninger: I want to further add that just because the sale of WAYS is off, doesn’t necessarily translate into profits. Actually it could result in some profit improvement. I have talked to a little bit on the last couple of calls about the impact of selling a higher volume of business at a lower margin, the converse is true too. If you sell a lower volume half margin business, it tends to offset and then you’ve got the impact of higher level non-deferrable costs both on U.S GAAP basis as well as on a regulatory basis and that improves our regulatory financial results profit wise. So lower volumes of WAYS is not necessarily negative for profit expectations. 
Kriss Cloninger: It jumps the gun a little bit on our FAB presentation, but I anticipated that someone would ask the question about the margin on the repriced business. For the business we’re currently selling after the April 2 effective date on the repricing and with the discounted advance premium rate at 1% on business written with that. We anticipate that with a lifetime of the product, net investment yield rate of 2%, our profit margin as a percent of premium would be in the 15% to 20% range. Our ROE would be about 16%. If you say, okay, the net investment yield is going to be 2.5 life of the product kind of thing, you get up into the mid-20s. The range I am going to show you is probably close from 22 to 30 and ROE close to 22. So I will let you reach some conclusions about where the appropriate number for net investment yield over the life of the product is going to be. But those were the ranges I am going to show at the FAB meeting in May.
Kriss Cloninger: That’s correct. It would probably be more in that 15% to 20% zone than in the higher numbers I quoted. But keep in mind that for the WAYS business with the discounted advanced premium, we did still have the 50 basis point rise in effect for that business, up through the April 1 switch date. So the initiatives we took to improve profitability on new business that we took during 2012 carried over into the first quarter of 2013. And I think it’s pretty conservative life of the block assumptions for net investment yield rates. You would get at least 15% to 20% on the first sector business you wrote.
