David Young: Good morning, and welcome to our second quarter call. This morning we will be hearing remarks from Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO of Aflac, Incorporated, about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States; then Fred Crawford, Executive Vice-President and CFO of Aflac, Incorporated, will follow with more details about our financial results, outlook and capital management. We will then open our call to questions. Joining us this morning for Q&A are members of our executive management team in the U.S.; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S.; Eric Kirsch, Global Chief Investment Officer; Rich Williams, Chief Distribution Officer; Al Riggieri, Global Chief Risk Officer and Chief Actuary; Max Broden, Treasurer. We are also joined by members of our executive management team in Tokyo at Aflac Life Insurance. Charles Lake, President of Aflac International and Chairman Representative Director; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Todd Daniels, Principal Financial Officer; and Koji Ariyoshi, Director and Head of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investors page of aflac.com, and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. I'll now turn the call over to Dan.
David Young: Thank you, Fred. Now we are ready to take your questions, but first let me ask that you please limit yourself to one initial question and one related follow-up to that question to allow other participants an opportunity to ask a question. We will now take the first question.
David Young: Thank you all for joining our call this morning. Before we end, I'd like to remind you that we will be hosting a financial analyst briefing in Tokyo, on September 26. And I hope you'll join us there. Any interim, please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations Department for any information or questions you may have, and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Thank you.
Frederick Crawford: It certainly helped in mitigate if you will some of the rising rates. As you recall, we locked in approximately 80% of our hedge costs as we are entering into 2018 and we estimate for the full year on a pretax basis that benefits us by approximately $9 million for 2018. So that's the approximate benefits. So it's relatively modest, but again we would note that as we roll into 2019, we'll start having a reset if you will of our hedge cost and obviously hedge cost have risen through throughout the year. Again that's offset by LIBOR benefiting us as we built down the floating rate portfolio.
Frederick Crawford: No, not really referring to that, although we have set of sites some opportunistic money if you will to reinvest in those efforts and those efforts are going well, but they represent a relatively modest allocation of our excess capital when looking at any given year over a three-year period of time. Really, the more important aspect of reinvestment back in the business platform both in the U.S. and Japan is that we are calling for some elevated expense ratios if you will as we move through the remainder of the year. We have been running at relatively low expense ratios in the early part of the year both in Japan and the U.S. As you saw in the second quarter, Japan were reverted back to more what we would expect in that 20% range as an expense ratio, but the U.S. was quite low and that's largely timing related because we for natural reasons had backend loaded for example some of our tax reform investments as we formulate the plan and remain very prudent to how we allocate that money. So, some of that reinvestment is really related to expense ratio guidance and not so much a tax on our capital position or excess capital deployment.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, absolutely. So, remember, the first half of tax reform was already adopted in the number that was the DTA that was adopted early. So, the tax reform impact for 2018 is really in the denominator, if you will. And that has as an impact of right around 75 points of RBC. In other words, if you were to look at our RBC before that implementation of tax reform, we would be running at or posting 925% RBC. So, that tax reform implication had knocked it down to 850%. Now, what brings it down to 650% is that we've largely backend loaded our U.S. statutory dividend and the removal of that excess capital all takes place in the second half of the year. In fact the removal of excess capital together with normal dividend of earnings that are produced in the U.S. entity, we are calling for upwards of just a touch over $1 billion of dividend activity up to the holding company in the second half of the year. So, it's quite a bit backend loaded. And a lot of that had to do with making our way through the conversion and settling into our post conversion RBC estimates.
Frederick Crawford: You got it. And it's a combination of statutory earnings in normal, what I would call, ordinary dividend capacity, and then the $500 million excess capital.
Frederick Crawford: That's right. And particularly with cancer, because you're talking about having gone 4 years since upgrade, and so, with advancements in cancer treatment and diagnosis and then together with other beneficial features that Dan, noted in his comments. You have much more in the way of an attractive upgrade opportunity for our policyholders. Recognizing that we age down things in cancer and so it tends to be some of the more recent policies that are most susceptible to this. And in that case what ends up happening is, yes, you'll have elevated labs activity i.e. lower persistency. You'll have sales obviously benefiting from that activity. But then when you get to our P&L, you have a bit of a lower benefit ratio as you release reserves on the policy, higher DAC and DAC amortization. And that tends to balance out for somewhat modest impact to earnings. So, it's little less about an earnings story and more about the line items in the P&L. And I would note that it's very important to understand that. In the second quarter of last year we actually had the same dynamic, it's by coincidence but we launched our medical product in March last year. And if you look at the trends in persistency, trends in benefit ratio, DAC amortization, you see the same phenomenon last year, 1Q to 2Q as you see this year. That's coincidental but it gives you an idea of that, that tends to happen when you first launch the product. It calms down over time, obviously.
Frederick Crawford: I'll let Dan answer that because we talked about that. The answer is, from a profitability perspective, yes. But Dan, why don't you talk about it.
Frederick Crawford: Yeah, it's the overall premium, because it's really treated as literally two separate transactions, meaning -- because it's really consistent with what the consumer has decided. They've decided to lapse their policy and so you'll see that lapse accounted for and reported just as a lapse. So, it hurts your persistency as you would expect and it's consistent with accounting. The accounting guidance on this is, if you've made material changes to the policy, particularly the benefit structure of the policy and more materially improved it, then you really account for it as a lapse and reissue. So, that's the way it goes. The reissue then is marked and reported as a sale. And so the accounting and the way we report is consistent in that regard. And then in terms of sizing it, this is obviously been going on for many, many years. This is really always how it's been reported as a company. We will tend to see normal lapse and reissue activity ranging in the 10% to 15% in any given period and any given year. But as I mentioned, in the period where you actually launch in that period, i.e. the quarter or perhaps a quarter or two, it will naturally be elevated upwards of 25% to 30%. And we suspect that's about the type of result we've seen this time around. When it comes to the outright earnings impact, it's quite a bit muted. It's very dependent on the cohort of what actually lapse. Older policies, for example, which is more rare when they lapse, will release higher reserves. They often times as they're very old may have cash value associated with it, and very little DAC amortization. And so it hits the bottom line in a little more pronounced to positive way. But because many of the policies tend to be really younger, if you will, in terms of age of the policies when they've been issued, last five years, for example, you'll have less in the way of reserve release and more in the way of DAC amortization. So it's highly dependent on the mix of business, which is why it's difficult to estimate. We would we would estimate in this period that may be earnings benefited from ¥1 billion to ¥2 billion, in that range, so, relatively modest, and again, very similar to 2017. But Nigel, well you've been around long time. The cancer product before this one, that was the case, and the cancer product before that when it was the case. So, it's been going on over -- across 20 years. So, it's nothing new.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, Jimmy. No impact to that. We are very comfortable, not only with the tax reform absorbed in our capital plan and drawdown of excess capital, but I would also note that we're comfortable with any potential movement related to the C1 bucket, if you will, changes that are expected in 2019. We see neither of those events as disrupting our drawdown plans. We have settled in and expect to settle in around 500% at the end of 2019. As I've mentioned publicly, I think given the risk profile of our business as we start to print blue books and are able to analyze and report our stability, if you will, and low risk profile as U.S. only entity, we'll continue to look to see whether there's further optimization opportunity in that. I think most observers would say that 500% RBC on the nature of our business is quite high, even for our high ratings threshold. And so, we'll work on that. But I think, when working with rating agencies and frankly thinking about our own risk management practices, it's important to start printing some of these statutory results on a U.S. only basis to make sure we have a good handle on it and can support our case. So, we think there's room there, Jimmy, but just to answer your question, no tax reform nor the C1 changes are going to disrupt our capital plans.
Frederick Crawford: Yeah I think in terms of the balance of the year, we would expect this impact to lessen as I mentioned. So it will become less distinguishable from a line item perspective and really negligible in terms of any particular earnings impact. I think an easy way to think about it Humphrey is that as I mentioned in my comments. We would expect the benefit ratio in Japan to elevate back within the guidance range we have which is 70% to 72% and that's one way of thinking about the relative impact because that would be probably one of the features that would drive it back up. We also have particular strong cancer claims trends don't forget we’re actually seeing just good flat net experience particularly in hospitalization trends on cancer. And that led to not only positive claims activity, but also some natural IBNR release which is somewhat mechanical as we adjust for the trends we’re seeing. So we continue to see that development and that's a very economic if you will in terms of the benefit. Very importantly what I would say to you is that when looking at the benefit ratio overall in Japan while our guidance range is 70% to 72% we actually expect the full year to be coming in at the downside of that range that has been somewhat consistent pattern and we expect some of that to continue. It will be more elevated than what we had in the second quarter, but still overall year will fall very close to the bottom end of that range is what we are currently projecting. So that's the way to think about it. The actual line item impact with preciseness there is more work to be done to be able to isolate that because it gets quick quite, quite technical. You're talking about really needing to isolate all the exact moving parts in the policy from particularly a lapse policy dynamic. As I mentioned the cohorts can be very sensitive as to what the impact is to the line items. We’ll continue to do more work on that can provide more transparency, but from a bottom line perspective it's not a big material mover. And again you can kind of take both the benefit ratio guidance we've given as a little bit of the impact DAC amortization very similarly and I would again call your attention to last year's 1Q to 2Q development. You can see the same thing happening benefit ratio drifted down, when we launched the medical product in March amortization drifted up. And those are reasonable proximities of what you see on those line items.
Frederick Crawford: What I would say to your point if this is what you mean by pent up sales. You might recall and we've commented on this publicly that as it starts to become well understood that we’re refreshing our cancer product particularly when we filed with the FSA and we’re in motion and starting to build. You will see a natural anticipation of the new product and a pullback in some of the distribution systems as they prepare for it. So you do have some shift from a 1Q pause to a 2Q jump out of the gate and strong sales but then as Dan had mentioned and Koji mentioned, it's natural both in medical and cancer that as the year goes on you start to see things taper from the sales perspective. So you have a little bit of acceleration of what we anticipate in the second half of the year into the second quarter and then you have exactly what you're saying a little bit of that delayed start or pent-up demand if you want to call it from 1Q to 2Q.
Frederick Crawford: Suneet I think it does take a while we are still seeing the paid up policy dynamics come through in first sector. First sector but in general has about a one little north of 1% lapse rate generally. And then the paid-up policies are running around ¥30 billion for the year and that will continue to come down, but modestly. You'll still see a level of paid-up policies not just related to 5-pay but just in general other forms of paid-up policies that we have on the books. And then eventually there's a 10 Pay product that sold far less than the five Pay but that comes into play as well. So first sector premium in general is going to continue to be modestly down, but it's slowly starting to get overwhelmed by the growth rate of third sector particularly when we post consecutive years of third sector growth rate. And so the third sector earned premium is now about 75% of our total earned premium that's up about 200 basis points over last year this time gives you an idea the mix shift. And that third sector premium as we said we anticipate growing in the 2% to 3% range. And we’re certainly hitting that that nicely. So you'll start to eventually turn the corner, I think for sure you're into very low growth rates once you do turn that corner just by virtue of the sheer size of our block of business and natural lapsation that takes place. But what's really important is the embedded value if you will and profitability of that shift and mix away from first sector towards third sector is a very good development for the company over time. And you end up seeing the evidence of that in improved FSA earnings which means improved cash flow in excess capital and deployment opportunities. So we’re happy with that trend line.
Frederick Crawford: In terms of leverage, yes, we're running low, but remember we got kind of a booster on lowering leverage when we adjusted the deferred tax liability with tax reform, that added around $1.9 billion to our equity capitalization and that really lowered us a bit on leverage. And so, it's not been a proactive de-levering activity on our part. It's been more of the effects of accounting adjustments related to tax reform. Now having said that, our leverage is low and our coverage is very strong, given, we borrow roughly 3.4 billion of our 5 billion in borrowings in yen. So, we have room. I like to be somewhat tactical, if you will, in leverage capacity for opportunities and allows for absorption, should there be any other items, although we don't foresee anything. So, we'll be looking at leverage optimization and what we may do there. I think I put that into the overall holding company, capital structure dynamic. And as we've talked about here now a couple of times, including this quarter, we're looking for ways to optimize our hedge costs in Japan through setting up mere trades at the holding company, and that serves to lower our net exposure to a weakening yen over time. So we think there's some real economic benefits both from an earnings standpoint and risk reduction standpoint to better optimizing or utilizing the FX capital that we have at the holding company. So, that's a bit of a flyby. Max, I don't know if there's anything you want to add from your perspective.
Daniel Amos: Yes, I think we are. We have always said that when the profit margins are relatively similar, then to us it doesn't matter. And agents always choose the path of least resistance. And the path of least resistance is always the newest product that's on the market. It gives some swizzle and they can straight to it. You saw that happened last year with the EVER product. And now you're seeing it this year with the new cancer product. So, it makes it much easier than us to try to figure out how to balance every year, which one they sell. If there was an enormous difference in profitability then that's one thing. But there isn't. So from that standpoint we feel very good about it. And it's nothing new. I mean we've been doing it since the inception of Japan, we've been working that way.
Daniel Amos: I’d like to add one of thing and that is product is important here but it’s also just strong distribution channel. We are truly going to the places that people want to buy products. And then don’t forget our domination of the cancer insurance market is something that stands out worldwide that what we’ve been able to do in that market. Medical is more competitive if you go back 2001 when we deregulated the market a lot of people thought Aflac would be out of business all big competitors would put us out and instead you saw the Dai-Ichi Life sell for us. You saw some of the other competitors get in and then pull back, you seen Japan post, you’ve seen post off – I mean the banks. I think its part distribution, but it also as those products as well but it's a one, two punch of both of them that makes it stand out.
Daniel Amos: I think it's a function of when we introduced new product and that is the approval based on the FSA and the minute we decide we are coming out with a new product, we wanted as quickly as we can. So we don't hold for anything. So I think that what's driving in more than anything else.
Daniel Amos: I’ll answer that I’m disappointed with the sales of the product, but it is a new product it’s not a revised product like when we say okay this is a new cancer. This is new thing that’s never really been out there and what we're seeing is the Shinkin banks are being successful with it. And we think that it will grow from there. What I would say is, I'm still encouraged that there is real potential with it, but it hadn’t taken off yet and I was hoping it would be doing a little bit better. But make no doubt about it when you're constantly introducing new products that are stable product that everyone knows about used to and it's a revised product, the new product like in the case of this one, they lose focus on it our distribution network does. So it becomes a little bit harder, but we still think it has potential is the answer, but I'm disappointed that it isn’t doing a little bit better.
Daniel Amos: Both medical and cancer are priced with very similar margins. So while the premium will fluctuate in terms of the nature of the benefits and features of the products, the economic IRR if you will - both the IRR, as well as profit margin is priced in a very similar range. And so this is really less about an economic issue if you will to the company. We’re relatively indifferent. We leave it up to the customer to decide what's in their best interest related to the improved benefits and structure of it. And so we’re not motivated by necessarily economics and I would keep in mind that those economics can really go both ways depending on the age of the policy and the nature of the policy they can both contribute to GAAP profitability in a particular period, they could also take away from GAAP profitability depending on how recent the product was sold and the nature of the product. So we really don't try to model in if you will that type of activity, it's entirely a consumer driven action and what's in their best interest and we remain agnostic to the dynamic.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] Well one of the big reasons why medical sales are shrinking is because it’s been more than a year since the new medical product was launched. And then as you know we have launched a new cancer product in April and everyone is really shifting their focus to some of this product. As a result medical sales in the second quarter declined and this is something that we have assumed and this is what we have been experiencing in the past as well. And as this medical insurance area is very competitive however we are still maintaining a number one position in new business policy number as well as AP. So please remember that we are still maintaining that number one position.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] In terms of new products, we'll be focusing and we have been focusing on medical and cancer and especially cancer products that we needed to develop very attractive products at appropriate timing. And then looking at medical products because of medical area as more competitive compared with either product in much more quicker pace and we are also considering some of the products in the protection type area and we are considering them for example, one of the areas that we are currently considering - promotional area, which could be very attractive.
Masatoshi Koide: [Foreign Language] And of course for our growth it is our responsibility to really inject new product into the market in a well planned manner. So we are steadily preparing for our new product launch. However I am not able to really disclose the specifics of the product that we are thinking of.
