Dan Amos: All right. You heard a lot because there's been a lot going on, because we consider this to be 1 of the most important issues that we are looking at. Let me just sum it up by saying that the third quarter definitely hurt our production everywhere because of people being required to stay at home under those emergency orders, to some degree, not like Europe, but strong enough that hurt space sales, has the attitude of the management team at Japan Post changed in any way from what it was earlier in the year. The answer is no. We are aligned. They are large shareholders. They know that so goes their production will play a big impact on the company, Aflac specifically and what will take place.  Is it slower than we thought -- it's slower than I thought. I was hoping it would kick back up. But with the emergency, it did slow it down. do I think they will recapture where they were? I absolutely do. Do I know the time on it? I do not. Do I think that top management is pushing it Yes, I do think they're pushing it. Do I think the lower management levels are on board yet? I think they're very tentative because not about our products, but any products. because they've been pushed by the FSA, not to make any mistakes to be -- so it's just a little bit slower getting them comfortable back to normal where they can begin to go. So I still think we have a winner with Japan Post. I think it's nice that not only are they selling for us, but that they are a large shareholder because that ties us so closely together. So I know you've heard a lot about this, so I'll stop there.
Dan Amos: So Humphrey, so first of all, we have not changed our reserving practices. They continue the way they have always been, and follows the same methodology. When it comes to future reserve releases, that’s very difficult to predict. But in general terms, I would say that if we continue to be in pandemic conditions with low claims utilization, you are likely -- and therefore, you’re likely to continue to see some reserve releases come through our results. Simply because we continue to reserve the way we have before. We have not adjusted our new claims reserving to the more recent claims utilization experience, but we continue to reserve to a more normalized claims expectation.
Dan Amos: I think you were cut off. You might want to ask the question 1 more time because we only heard part of it.
Dan Amos: I'll kick off, and then I'll ask Al Riggieri, our Chief Actuary, to maybe give some comments as well. But generally speaking, you tend to see a quicker reaction to more recent claims trends in our U.S. business than what you see in Japan. But please, Al, if you would like to add some color, please.
Max Broden: Nigel, you also asked a very specific question about the quarter. Let me just give you some color. July was about JPY 4.4 billion in sales. August JPY 3.7 billion and September rebounded back to JPY 4.5 billion. That may suggest on the surface, some impact related to the Olympics, but it's extremely difficult to calculate that type of precise impact. I think the broader issue is states of emergency picking up throughout the quarter, as we discussed earlier. I'd also note that September had about 300 -- a little over 300 million of sales of the new care product, which we launched in the last 7 days of the month. So that will give you an idea of some of the trend dynamics.
Max Broden: Yes, Jimmy, 1 thing I would say and our Japanese colleagues can weigh in if they'd like, but a few things. One, I think we -- it's very difficult to give a precise percentage, if you will, as to what the impact of the rolling states of emergency and the Olympics are in the third quarter. And so that makes judging the fourth quarter more difficult. But we clearly expect conditions to be better in the fourth quarter.  We also -- as you remember, we only had 7 days -- or my earlier comments, we only had 7 days of the new care product sales in September. And we continue to see momentum through the first 20-plus days in October in that product. And then meanwhile, we continue to work with Japan Post. And so we have a positive view of the trend lines heading into the fourth quarter for all of those things, but it's very difficult to put sort of percentage or more precise guidance around that, and we wouldn't venture to do that. But certainly, conditions suggest that we will see some recovery.
Max Broden: One of the things that we're seeing, Jimmy, in the U.S. is you've read a lot about the labor markets. And when you think about the 3 to 99 space, which is where our agents sell, that's a particular part of the economy that obviously was hit harder and it's taking longer to recover from the pandemic. They're now facing a different kind of issue, and that is can they get the help to actually keep the businesses open and running properly.  Labor market conditions are very difficult to navigate right now for many small businesses. That same dynamic goes to our recruiting -- So recruiting dynamics are more challenging in this type of a labor market. There's a lot of speculation about those conditions also starting to improve more so as we get out of the fourth quarter into early part of next year. But I just want to remind folks that you tend to think about the pandemic and that's, of course, affected small businesses but labor market dynamics are also uniquely impactful to that franchise.
Max Broden: So Tom, specifically for Japan, it bounces around from month-to-month. But I would say that it’s single digits below normal run rate. It is what we have experienced for an extended period of time. In the U.S., it’s been a little bit more volatile where we’ve seen anything between zero and 20% below normal sort of claims run rates. And more recently, we have approached more sort of normal run rate, especially when we look at the -- for example, the first 2 weeks of the fourth quarter, we have come back to more -- certainly more normal levels.
Max Broden: It’s really both where we have seen it. It’s for -- on -- again, it’s different for different benefits within those products. But generally speaking, when we sort of average it out and look at both product lines, we see similar impacts on both medical and cancer.
Max Broden: It clearly runs above what we initially expected. And you can essentially break it down as the upside is primarily driven by the lower-than-expected benefit ratios. They pretty much immediately flow through into higher statutory earnings and also higher FSA earnings as well, which then drives our capital formation and generation and ultimately, dividends up to the holding company. So you can use the difference between our reported benefit ratios and our normalized benefit ratios as a guidance for what that sort of increased capital generation this year would be.  Now, when we then think about capital deployment, we have significant capital around the company and all the operating subsidiaries. We operate with very strong capital ratios. And also at the holding company, we hold a very high level. Therefore, if our capital generation in a single year or a single period deviates from our initial expectations, it’s not necessarily driving or changing our tactical view of how we deploy capital. So I wouldn’t necessarily immediately lead it into that from a -- on a short-term basis. Obviously, long term, it’s more capital that we have available to us to deploy into our different deployment strategies.
Max Broden: Yes. So let's start with the U.S. Clearly, we are carrying excess capital right now. But we also have a number of growing businesses that are building. And we would expect over time that, that will drive through growth that will drive quite some new business strain. And if we are successful in really executing on our plans, that will gradually drive down the capital level towards a long-term RBC ratio of 400%.  When we move up to the holding company, we clearly have significant readily deployable capital at $1.8 billion as of today. This will continue to support the deployment strategies that we have through dividends. We increased the dividend earlier this year by 17.9%. We have a very long-standing track record, as Dan mentioned, in terms of continuing to increase the dividend. We have done a number of smaller acquisitions as well, where we have allocated capital to, and we've been in very active acquirer of our own stock as well.  So I would expect that all of these to continue. I see the same headlines as all of you in terms of tax surcharge on buybacks. And obviously, we will study the details very, very closely. And that may mean that we will change our strategy somewhat. But long term, I don't see that as a significant change to how we generally funnel the capital back to shareholders.
Max Broden: We've had a number of conversations with rating agencies and quite frankly, for quite some time, we began already in 2019 to have close discussions with them and that they have continued throughout the LDTI project.
