Daniel P. Amos: I think what you want to know is, if fourth quarter equals third quarter, which was the biggest quarter in the company's history, sales would be up 14% for the fourth quarter, which would give us a 14% increase for the year. I'm not willing to commit to that. What I do believe is we will exceed last year's production, which at the beginning of the year I didn't think we would be able to do. Now how much better we'll do than that, I'm not sure. But that gives you a range to know.
Daniel P. Amos: And Steven, one last thing on the sales for the bank, especially the mega banks. We've got one mega bank that's coming on strong in the fourth and first quarter. And then we will have pretty well covered the mega banks to a great degree. Toru said they can continue to grow but your question was, did they -- is it a surge? And the answer is yes. The surge is going on right now to some degree.
Daniel P. Amos: And just to prove that we're moving away from the child endowment, one of the mega banks that has just decided to go full-blown for us, we've encouraged them to just introduce WAYS and not fool with child endowment, and they agreed to do so. So there's an example of where we're shifting to the product that could be 18%. Because remember, I said 90% of the policies that are sold with WAYS in the banks are sold with the advanced premium. So that's going to be much better for us that they won't be fooling with that. So we're gradually moving away from that. But we haven't stopped it -- the endowment because we still write with WAYS an endowment for every policy we sell. Or I should say for every 5 policies we sell, we add a cancer or a medical with it.
Daniel P. Amos: And I was looking up, the number of individual corporate agencies hit an all-time high in the third quarter to 18,091, so that's from 17,759 in the second quarter.
Daniel P. Amos: It's individual and independent corporate. Corporate affiliated are 1,862, which is down slightly but...
Daniel P. Amos: Well, I think that to some degree, the other distribution channels have had some impact on them, that creating this is not new now, but the individual agents certainly affected it to some degree and then the bank channels affect it to some degree as well. So I think all of that together has had some impact. But I've said our greatest asset is probably a liability in terms of percentage growth with the corporate agencies, because it was so big in the early years that it doesn't play as big a role today.
Daniel P. Amos: Because I think the economy -- people don't have jobs as easily and they're willing to look at going to work on a commission basis, whereas they wouldn't have considered it when you had higher employment.
Kenneth S. Janke: Randy, this is Ken. Let me start the answer on this and we'll see where it goes. Just as a reminder, the different impairment treatments for perpetual securities is on a GAAP basis only and it's purely price based. So it will largely depend on how the perpetual Tier 1 and upper Tier 2 assets are valued in the market on a go-forward basis. There were a couple of the securities, one in particular, that we would have impaired under the equity model this way -- this quarter, but we did have credit concerns, which is why we took credit impairments for -- on a GAAP, FSA and a stat basis. So I think it's a little bit too early to see how this all plays out. We're all certainly encouraged that there was a deal struck and that they're continuing to work the problem. Fortunately for us, we don't have any direct Greek exposure any longer. But again, we'll just have to monitor it. I don't think it will have any direct impact though on how we take the impairments unless the credit views change.
Kenneth S. Janke: There -- I don't have that number in my head. I'd have to -- we'll have to get that and I'll ask Robin to pass it on.
Kenneth S. Janke: Andrew, this is Ken. Just another side to that, remember that with the higher premium life contracts like child endowment and WAYS, the expenses are lower as a percentage of revenues. So somewhat offsetting the higher benefit ratio will be a lower expense ratio, which is why you won't see too much change in the margins.
Kenneth S. Janke: Colin, this is Ken. A couple of the other factors that have influenced it, remember that the affiliated corporate agencies largely sell to very large payroll accounts. And those -- employment at those accounts really has not increased materially during the time that Japan's economy has struggled, but our penetration rates have steadily risen. So it's not the market that it used to be in terms of large employers. And we've also had privacy legislation there like we have here that has made it a little more challenging to conduct the kind of campaigns we did in the 80s and early 90s. And that's why we had shifted a lot of our distribution to those that have more face-to-face contact with ultimate customer, including the individual agents and now the bank channel.
Kenneth S. Janke: Well, and remember, too, Colin, when we recruit an agency, that agency will have multiple licensed sales associates working there, so it gets magnified. If you hire one agency, you may get 6 or 7 salespeople out of it.
Kriss Cloninger: Okay. Ed, let me just start out with that and I'll try not to make the answer too long. But let me kind of say that our current outlook is that we will spend and -- I think you're getting primarily to share repurchase. As you know, we declared an increase in dividend of about 10% this quarter. That's going to take our dividend expenses paid out of the parent to around $600 million a year. Recall that we haven't changed the dividend at all since the financial crisis started. We've increased the dividend every year and share repurchase has been the variable in our utilization of free cash flow. Historically, pre-financial crisis, our share repurchase commitment approximated the amount we were able to get out of Japan via profit repatriation. And I think that the amount of profit repatriation will continue to be a primary driver of the funds available for share repurchase. Now to some extent, statutory capacity and profit repatriation are highly correlated. Japan does form the substantial percentage of our statutory earnings, but there are some things that we are not able to allocate to Japan like corporate interest expense and shareholder dividends that are funded in large part out of statutory cash flow, not counting profit repatriation. So let me just say that in our minds, we correlate proper repatriation and funds available for share repurchase quite significantly. I was pointing out to Robin just this morning that 2007, we repurchased about $575 million of stock, and we basically doubled down in 2008 and bought almost $1.5 billion when you guys convinced me we had excess capital, late 2007, early 2008. And then the financial crisis hit and everything changed. And when we started taking realized losses on investment securities, that impacted FSA-basis earnings and stat earnings and all earnings. And we had to cut back on profit repatriation and therefore, we had to cut back on share repurchase. And we didn't do any share repurchase in 2009 and not again until the beginning of the fourth quarter of 2010. We have resumed share repurchase in 2011, as you well know. And this year we intend -- we expect to buy about 6 million shares and spend about $300 million. Next year based on our current best estimates, we anticipate repatriating somewhere around JPY 45 billion, which at today's exchange rate should approximate about $600 million. And we would expect to commit that amount to share repurchase. Now I'll say I want to get away from quoting a number of shares. I'd rather go toward dollar amounts because -- at current exchange rates, so to speak, because the share price has been volatile. And I'll let you guys make an estimate of what you think the price we buy is going to be, the price per share, so I'll let you determine the number of shares. But guidance as far as share repurchase at, say, the mid-70s in the yen-dollar exchange rate is going to be around $600 million or better stated, on a yen basis, about JPY 45 billion. In 2013, we think we can double approximately our profit repatriation to about the JPY 90 billion to JPY 95 billion level. So what that means is that we'll be able to double share repurchase between 2011 and 2012, and double it again in 2013. Right now, that's the best guidance I can give you. And I thought about trying to get into the details behind all this but, Ed, I'd need a 1/2 hour session with flip charts and all that, and they won't give it to me right now.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes, I would say it's relatively normal. I think it's somewhat conservative perhaps. Keep in mind that our past allocation or distribution of free cash flow has been roughly somewhere between 1/3 dividend, 2/3 share repurchase, or maybe a 70-30 split. So I think you can think of normal share repurchase as being approximately twice our dividends, assuming that we have no substantial increase or no substantial investment -- additional investment losses.
Kriss Cloninger: Yes. That's right. Or Steven, I said really JPY 45 billion and roughly JPY 95 billion in '13 is our current target.
Kriss Cloninger: Steven, our accountants are really -- they don't let us write things up that have been impaired either. So we don't get that benefit.
Kriss Cloninger: I think in line with our guidance that we provided at the FAB meeting, we said the 2012 benefit ratio might go up between flat and 50 basis points. We have had more production of WAYS than we built into our projection, but probably less child endowment. And child endowment was the biggest drag on that benefit ratio improvement. WAYS though does have a benefit ratio that's higher than health, but its profit margin is a lot closer to health than child endowment was. So what I think is, you're going to see some modest deterioration in the margin, I wouldn't expect more than 1%, but somewhat faster increases in revenue than you would otherwise have seen if we were producing only health business. And it is adding to the total profit of the company and I think our profit guidance is remaining unchanged, and we do expect 2013 to be on an uptrend.
Kriss Cloninger: All right. Well, I did talk to the tax guys. And what we determined was that if we not had the de-risking that we had in the fourth quarter of 2010 and in the first quarter of 2011, our profit repatriation would have been some higher by roughly $875 million, and our federal tax payments out of Aflac U.S. would have been lower by about $450 million. So we're talking about a net impact on available cash to the live company at the U.S. level of roughly $1.325 billion. Now as you said, the holding company had, as I recall, roughly $700 million in cash. The share repurchase we've done and the dividend we paid in the third quarter came primarily out of holding company cash. We had a little bit of leftover yen proceeds out of our most recent Samurai offering that we did convert to available cash for the holding company in dollars, but order of magnitude that's kind of what's it's been.
Kriss Cloninger: No. That's over and beyond that. We deal with the tax issues at the live company level because that's where the taxes are assessed.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay. And then I'm going to cheat here and I'm going to ask another little follow-up from the first question. Maybe Toru could address this. But the sales in Japan, the mega banks, I guess I'm wondering how much of this is really, like when the insurance companies first came into the market, low-hanging fruit for the mega banks. And then how do you kind of think about that relative to expansion, if you will, to even more branches, because you're still not in any way, shape or form saturated the number of branches to the best of my understanding.
Steven D. Schwartz: Okay. And then if I may just for Jerry. Jerry, can you talk to Dexia, not necessarily what you did there but kind of the process? I'm interested because I'm having a hard time figuring out what exactly was guaranteed and whether or not this may be a template going forward for other banks that may need help.
Steven D. Schwartz: No, I get that, Jerry. I guess my question is, is there some type of visibility with regards to how the types of debt that you have there are being treated? For example, I've had people tell me that everything is guaranteed. You would expect a -- well, you can't do it under GAAP, but you would expect a write-up as opposed to a write-down. And obviously that didn't happen. So I'm trying to figure out how exactly your debt will be treated by Belgium or the European common market, whoever it is.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Well, in Dexia you picked a particularly complex example, but our exposure to Dexia has been included in the Dexia Bank Belgium part of the agreement. And as you may know, there are 3 separate entities that are emerging from the Dexia organization. Dexia Bank Belgium is actually now a bank which is owned by Belgium, and it is a deposit-taking institution. It is not the so-called bad bank, which migrated into the French -- a couple of the French agencies picked that up. So it's still very early days but the characteristics of it is, this is a Belgian-owned banking institution and a deposit-taking institutions, which we view as a positive step.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: Well, there's no visibility that the debt will be guaranteed by the government, if that's what you're after. And it's owned by the government but not guaranteed.
W. Jeremy Jeffery: We're not seeing -- I mean, I'm really not seeing anything. It doesn't mean they're not winning cases and that they're not creating relationships, but in terms of our 70,000-plus agents who are out there -- and I've just come back from our national convention being with all of our top people from across the country, and I did not hear one thing about new competitors or entrants that were outside the major medical field.
