David Young: Thank you. Good morning, and welcome to our first quarter call. Joining me this morning from the U.S. are Dan Amos, Chairman and CEO; Kriss Cloninger, President of Aflac Incorporated; Paul Amos, President of Aflac; Fred Crawford, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated; Teresa White, President of Aflac U.S., and Eric Kirsch, Executive Vice President and Chief Global Investment Officer. Joining us from Tokyo is Hiroshi Yamauchi, President and COO of Aflac Japan; Masatoshi Koide, Deputy President of Aflac Japan; and Koji Ariyoshi, Executive Vice President and Director of Sales and Marketing. Before we start, let me remind you that some of the statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our Annual Report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. The earnings release is available on the Investor Page of aflac.com and also includes reconciliations of certain non-GAAP measures. Now, I’ll turn the program over to Dan, who will begin this morning with some comments about the quarter as well as our operations in Japan and the United States. Dan. We’ll begin with Dan.
David Young: Thank you, Paul. Now we are ready to take your questions. But first let me remind you that to be fair to everybody, please limit yourself to one initial question and only one follow-up that relates to your initial question. We will now take the first question.
David Young: Thank you. For those of you that have questions after this call, please feel free to contact our Investor and Rating Agency Relations Department. We will be happy to answer your questions and look forward to speaking with you then. Thank you.
Paul Amos: Thank you, Fred, and good morning. As you're probably aware from our release earlier this week. We announced the Hiroshi Yamauchi who currently serves Aflac Japan's President and Chief Operating Officer will be assuming the role of Vice Chairman of Aflac Japan in July as it passes the torch of President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan to Masatoshi Koide. When someone has impacted the Company as much as Yamauchi-san hasn't impacted Aflac Japan starting in the first recruited class of college graduates 41 years ago, when our Aflac Japan operation was in its infancy. It is astounding to consider the changes he has seen and the initiatives. He has been a vital part of implementing. We will certainly continue to benefit from his support of Aflac Japan from a broader perspective as he assumes the role of Vice Chairman of Aflac Japan. This transition also highlights one of the many major strength and that is Yamaguchi-san’s leadership and his vision for succession planning. When he assume the role as President of Aflac Japan two years ago his main goal was to identify and prepare a successor. And that's exactly what he's done by identifying and preparing Koide-san’s to be President and Chief Operating Officer of Aflac Japan effective July 1. Now let me turn the call over to Koide is on to make a few comments.
Paul Amos: Thank you, Koide. I know Koide-san will continue to do an exceptional job in his new role as President and Chief Operating Officer. Koide-san’s shares Yamauchi-san’s same dedication and work ethic. He has been driving force and guiding our Japan branch conversion. Now I'll turn the call back over to David, who will bring us to Q&A.
Paul Amos: Yes. This is Paul. I’d be more than happy to answer that Nigel. The reality is as we've talked to you about 13 weeks of sales are sometimes difficult to predict. In this particular case, we felt like sales had the potential to be down for multiple reasons that we mentioned on the previous call, and one of those was our key alliance partners who primarily focused or solely focused on selling our cancer plan, we felt we're going to focus on their own internal products more than they were focusing on selling Aflac products. For our benefit that didn't so return out to be the case. We saw that many of our alliance partners continued to sell well and our cancer line of business for that primary reason was propped up by those sales. In terms of our other products, as you may have seen the income support product was down slightly sequentially from quarter-to-quarter. Part of that had to do with the increased focus in our agency channel and traditional channel on selling our new EVER plan. So we believe that the quarter results from a sales perspective exceeded our expectations. Our sales of EVER launched more quickly than we anticipated. This was in part due to the launch of not only the traditional product, but also an additional two-pay and five-pay version of the product, which has similar profit characteristics to the overall – that only added about an additional 2% of sales up 5% versus up 7%. But overall, we've felt that sales for the quarter did an exceptional job. Koji and his team performed across all channels and we were very happy to see our alliance partners performed in the cancer line of business.
Paul Amos: Well, as you may recall, Japan's fiscal year runs April through March. And so what we believe was that our partners we’re going to primarily focused on finishing the Japanese fiscal year with that transition and they have obviously not finished in the year in a different way. I mean somewhere internal product but also sold our. We do believe that the sales of our two paid product help add some benefit to the quarter and could continue to do so going into the next quarter. But the reality is that as we go into the next Japan fiscal year we've renegotiated as we always do with all of our partners and we are hopeful and continue to believe that our alliance partnerships will continue to yield good results going into the next Japanese fiscal year which began April 1.
Paul Amos: I would like to make a comment on that I believe that the foundations that we're setting right now give us an opportunity, and we should be able to do that, whether it's going to be when exactly I'm not sure, but I know the new systems we're putting in is going to give us a big competitive advantage on the group insurance. And frankly we've been evolving into that as you know over the years and we're getting better at it broker strategy is beginning to what - the challenge has been much like it was an Aflac Japan as we have shifted from just being corporate agency driven in Japan to add the alternative distribution system is the corporate agencies what kept to support for many years. Well, our field force is still key to keeping it growing or at least flat while these new areas specifically broker are growing our business and so that's been the challenge, but it's, it gets closer our field every year and once it does. I think we'll see take back off do well and I'm encouraged with the things we're doing.
Daniel Amos: Do you expect so much for the question. The reality is that we are not ready to make any change to our sales thoughts in future so far. First quarter did however exceed our expectations, but it's difficult for us to tell over – the remaining three quarters of the year, how that will bear out. We are happy with where we stand in terms of the launch of EVER at this time and we do believe that will be a boost to our second quarter. However, we had already been planning forward to be a strong boost for our second quarter. We didn't however expect it to sell so well in March. So the reality is as it's ramped up, we expect to do well, but I want to be cautious just because I believe that we have tough comparisons coming later in the year and I don't – I'm not yet ready to commit to any change in our guidance.
Daniel Amos: I think we're still going to have to review the assumption relative to where we are with premiums and capital strain with those products. So hopefully later in the year, we would be able to comment further on it.
Daniel Amos: Yes, actually what we have seen - the last we commented on again the economic solvency ratio is but we've goes by different names in Japan, but effectively that that ratio was that our fab meeting in Tokyo and you might remember at that time I'm going to guess you're quite honestly, I don't have it in front of me, but 30-year JGBs were very low at that time they had actually recovered a bit by the time we got to our conference but they were still, I would say, certainly I think sub-50 basis points if I recall right. Today, the 30-year JGB is upwards of north of 80 basis points. I mentioned the 30-year JGB because that has an awful lot of directional impact if you will, on how to think about these economic ratios. At that time, I'd mentioned being in the 160% range asset ratio, which is quite strong. Today given the rates having recovered a bit in Japan, we are pretty consistently recording a ratio in and around 200%, which is quite strong. I would note that the mix of our business tends to make us happy – tends to yield a much better ratio than many that are more concentrated in first sector business. The other very important thing to remember if you recall, our comments at the conferences that don't lose sight of the fact that that's also assuming in ultimate forward rate recovery that is put into. It's really a long-dated recovery rate that's assumed in the formula which contributes to it, but is believed to be the type of practice that would be eventually adopted. Now again, remember, this is in testing phase. It's still a bit unclear as to the precise of the calculation once adopted if adopted and the pattern or method of adoption. But we've been tracking it and we continue to be very healthy.
Daniel Amos: Well, again we actually are looking at this for the long-term, we are continuing to progress towards that long-term 3% to 5% and at this point, what we're doing is we're rebuilding some of our strategies, we are assessing the underlying metrics and I do believe that we're actually seeing progress towards our longer-term goal. So we expect to continue to progress toward that long-term CAGR.
Daniel Amos: And then Tom, I’m going to turn to Todd. I know the interaction you are talking about there in a way of paid claims and FBR on the P&L this quarter, so Todd any color you are able to provide.
Frederick Crawford: Yes Jimmy, this is Fred. So there is a few things running through that number that really are somewhat non-economic in nature and that is we have treasury swaps on our books, which do nothing more than swap dollar to yen and those swaps are mark-to-market. There is a portion of the swap. It's actually recorded through investment – interest expense, as you would expect, but then there's a mark-to-market portion. And so as there is movement in the yen, you will sometimes have wide marks on those swaps. The second component is that we've been ramping up a commercial mortgage loan and middle market loan portfolio in Japan and we hedge those portfolios, but in the way the accounting works under GAAP is you don't have the mark-to-market dynamic on those loans on our books. But you do mark the hedging instruments and that separation in the treatment between the loan approach and the derivatives will create some noise and so we had some losses related that again not economic as it's meant to be part of a long-term strategy. And then we also have some remeasurement that takes places. This is nothing more than U.S. dollar cash and related liquidity that's in Japan that gets remeasured if you will, as U.S. dollar assets held in Japan. So that's really the noise running through that number. It will fluctuate from period-to-period, sometimes it will add to net income, sometimes take away, but largely uneconomic and nature.
Frederick Crawford: That's right. That's essentially what I mean by economic. It's not having implications on free cash flow.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, so you're right to point this out. If you recall on the fourth quarter of last year, we recorded a little north of $60 million. Now in the first quarter, you're seeing that amortized level step back to $52 million. That's nothing more than really two basic components. One is recall to switch trade that we executed on in roughly the November time period last year that resulted in a move out of bonds, which were hedged into JGBs and as a result of that, we brought the notional down pretty considerably. That was a $2.5 billion switch trade. So that brought the notional down and so somewhat of what you're seeing in the first quarter is a natural ramping up then of the floating rate portfolio, which is starting the process of ramping up. It won't pick up steam until we move into the second half of the year. So you're going to see a natural rise in the hedge costs throughout the year as we build out that portfolio. Now realize while that is taking place, you’re also seeing rise in net investment income as we put to work the money in the floating rate investments, but that's how it will move forward. The other element of it, that's worth noting is that we did actually proactively bring the hedge ratio down a bit. We currently run around the $22 billion market values U.S. dollar portfolio of currently and we have as you know from our disclosures, not quite $11 billion of that hedged with forwards about $10.7 billion. We brought that hedge ratio down a little bit and we use the economics of bringing that down to execute on the $1.5 billion five-year forwards that we purchased. So think of it this way on the money we saved by bringing some of the hedge ratio down we spent that economics to extend the duration of the hedge program, it made sense from a risk management and market perspective. However, when we did buy those long dated hedges we got amount pretty good prices, better than we thought, because the market had cooperated on the long side so we took advantage of it. So those things are actually favoring our hedge costs and allowing us to be comfortable with the low end of the range. But the build-up is more naturally going to take place as we build the portfolio.
Frederick Crawford: I will pass to Eric, on the forward hedge cost. And I don’t know Eric if you got anything on the cost going out into 2018, I would suspect it's approaching 198-ish basis points in that range, maybe a bit north of that.
Frederick Crawford: So we have not – if what you're referring to is the excess capital that we would expect to unlock as part of our Japan branch conversion. We have not moved any significant portion of excess capital up to the holding company at this point. It would be a little premature to do that. We are however though proactively moving, what I would call excess cash flow or free cash flow generated on our U.S. property up to the holding company. But we have not necessarily started into the movement of the excess capital that we expect to create mid-2018 upon conversion.
Frederick Crawford: One other thing I would say about 2018 hedge cost that's worthy of note two, is recalled that we are ramping up the floating rate portfolio as part of our strategy. And remember that floating rate portfolio will be largely hedged and largely hedged with very short-dated forwards which depending on the nature of the curve should be less expensive. And so ultimately we'll have a blended cost structure as we go into 2018, but our forecast is for rising hedge cost and until that changes it's good to be certainly prudent on the estimate.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, this is Fred. There will be quarter-to-quarter some ebb and flow in the pace of expense because these are projects that will naturally move around a bit, but our guidance remains the outlook call range on expense ratio of 34% to 35%. So we're running a bit high as I mentioned in my comments in the first quarter, but we would expect that to moderate as we go through the year. It's the first quarter and so as we move through the year, we see some difference in that will of course communicate that to all of you. But as it stands right now, our plans are for to be running in the essentially the middle of that 34% to 35% range.
Frederick Crawford: A couple things I would say Tom, one is this sort of creeping into 2018 outlook comments around earnings and earnings drivers is a bit premature. And so I would suggest you that we would hold to refine those types of comments and guidance. More specifically, as we approach fab in September and are able to outline it together with the strategy in a course the outlook call. So I don't want to front run our traditional pattern of guidance. What we do plan to do those built that U.S. dollar portfolio throughout the year. As I mentioned, we're running at about $22 billion now that will build to approximately $25 billion at the end of the year. We're currently running at about a 50% hedge ratio using forwards only remember we do use collars on the unhedged portion, but just forwards, which drives the cost. We run around 50% hedge ratio, so you would expect the notional decline throughout the year to approaching between $12 billion and $13 billion and then you start applying your cost. But it's a little easy to move in. It's a little early rather to move into forecasting hedge cost ranges next year. Also remember we're disclosing this is part of our net investment income for a reason. And that is, don't just isolate hedge costs remember, in part they're building because we are proactively building out a floating rate portfolio that has very attractive yields. So while we see some rising hedge cost we're also building net investment income in the process and we need to be mindful. We will provide greater detail as we start to move into really 2018 comments more broadly.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, it’s really, really the best answer is just it takes a holistic understanding of where you going to be U.S. dollar portfolio and its mix, what is your hedge ratio philosophy and why. This is the three buckets we're talking about. And then of course, execution, which includes the pricing and market pricing. And that's the type of color and backdrop that we will provide when really we start into the planning process around 2018 and can give more refinement, namely an outlook calls and some strategic color at our FAB.
Frederick Crawford: Yes, I think the way to think about is for quite a long time Aflac as always had a level of unhedged U.S. dollar portfolio a long time and it tends to be myriad up to the GAAP equity if you will that we had allocated to the Japan branch and I want to recall that travel to say in the $7 billion to $8 billion territory for example, perhaps a little less than that. But nevertheless it was always in that category. So the idea of it unhedged portion, if you will of the portfolio is frankly nothing new. Really what we're introducing is more what you're seeing from a number of companies that operate in Japan and go down this type of a portfolio strategy, which is becoming more common and that is particularly U.S. companies that have Japanese branches or subsidiaries. What is the economic value that's driven in that branch? The theory being that value over time comes back in dollar form. And so as a result, what really is an amount of unhedged that you can make an economic case for and risk case for. And as is always the case with a Company that's performing very well and as we are in Japan, your economic value tends to be quite a bit north of what you may be holding in the way of GAAP book equity. And so it allows you to think more about a higher dollar amount that you can hold unhedged. Now however, there are risk limitations to that and the risk tends to be revolving around SMR volatility, potential FSA volatility and you do to some degree depending on the collar structure, need to be thinking about carrying more capital against that type of a strategy, and so we have to think about a capital adjusted value proposition of going more unhedged. So that's the way in which we think about it, there is some fairly good signs and stress testing about what you can tolerate. But it's allowing us to drift up if you will in an amount unhedged, but protecting the outer limits of movement through collars. Hopefully that helps, but it's – that's what I mean by an economic value driven approach, but again very importantly it's a stressed economic value. Don’t confuse it with what you might post or calculate. It's also got to be under stress conditions.
Frederick Crawford: I think we repatriated a bit north of ¥30 billion if I recall right, let me see if I can get that number.
Frederick Crawford: I have it handy, but let me actually should be able to gather if you just give me a minute, got it right here, ¥31 billion year-to-date.
Teresa White: Thank you, Eric. In the fourth quarter, I talked a little bit about four areas and those areas where career agent sales and specifically veteran engagement. We talked about the middle market, broker sales, sales leadership and then public sector. And so I'll just kind of go through each of those. From a career agent standpoint, we're seeing better than expected new associate conversion to producer, which is a positive underlying metrics. We're also seeing better veteran engagements and a lot of that we believe is due to some of the compensation strategies that we have in place. So we do see and actually a large part of our increased for the first quarter was the veteran engagement piece of that. So we do see that working for us. Then we talked about in the broker sales side and we specifically talked about the mid-market, we are hiring 25% increase in our broker sales professionals and as we do that we've already hired about 50% of that number and we've onboard at those folks and we're continuing to hire and up through the second quarter and we really don't expect a positive result of that until the second half of the year. And so that – but that's going well for us. And then on the public sector side, I believe talked about additional competition that we were seeing in the public sector market. And we've also had a department here over the public sector arm of the business and we have a large book of business public sector. And so we are making sure that we protect our book of business, but we're also building out strategies that our tools and services for the public sector market and so that is well on its way as well and we expect to see results with that in the second half of the year as well.
Teresa White: Thanks for the questions Suneet. This is Teresa. The primary driver or the primary success measure for us is ensuring that in that market if we have a employers that have brokers that we honor that and we work with the broker side. We have sales leadership. Our sales leadership quite frankly just have been very impressed with because that leadership is working from the career side and the broker leadership side are working together to tackle this mid-market space. The strategy that was put together, it's really put together by those leaders and certainly there are going to be still be conflict with those leaders are working to manage through that complex and a lot of the – what we're really trying to do is we're trying to put compensation where we want each of those channels to play and I think we’ve seeing some success and doing that. And so we hope to see that same success in the middle market as well.
Teresa White: Certainly, you're right, we benefited from higher than expected short-term disability sales in Q1. But the other piece of this is Everwell adoption. We also benefited from higher Everwell adoption. And if you remember, I’ll recall Everwell is our small business solutions and we get higher policyholder participation rates with Everwell versus our FNG unit. So many of our state organizations have adjusted their training, they’ve engaged the veterans and training of the Everwell unit. And so we see a lot more of our adoption of Everwell. I think we had about, around 28% adoption of Everwell this quarter and that was well above what we had anticipated that we would have. So the increased productivity of those veterans, we also had a couple of initiatives to specifically and these were compensation initiatives where we were driving veterans to go back into some of our existing accounts to offer additional product and services. And so we saw success with that initiative as well. So again, if I sum them up, it’s the veteran engagement and it would be technology with our Everwell unit that increased our productivity.
Teresa White: From the broker channel, we were relatively flat when you look at the mid case market and the large case market. And we expect to see a lot more from our broker side in the second half of the year.
