David Young: Good morning, and welcome. Thank you for being here a bit earlier than our usual start time. This morning, Dan Amos, Chairman, CEO and President of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an overview of our results and operations in Japan and the United States. Then Max Broden, Executive Vice President and CFO of Aflac Incorporated, will provide an update on our financial results and current capital and liquidity. These topics are also addressed in the materials we posted with our earnings release and financial supplement on investors.aflac.com, including Max's quarterly video update. We also posted under Financials on the same site, updated slides of investment details related to our commercial real estate and middle market loans. For Q&A today, we are also joined by Virgil Miller, President of Aflac U.S.; Charles Lake, Chairman and Representative Director, President of Aflac International; Masatoshi Koide, President and Representative Director, Aflac Life Insurance Japan; and Brad Dyslin, Global Chief Investment Officer, President of Aflac Global Investments. Before we begin, some statements in this teleconference are forward-looking within the meaning of federal securities laws. Although we believe these statements are reasonable, we can give no assurance that they will prove to be accurate because they are prospective in nature. Actual results could differ materially from those we discuss today. We encourage you to look at our annual report on Form 10-K for some of the various risk factors that could materially impact our results. As I mentioned earlier, the earnings release is available on investors.aflac.com and includes reconciliations of certain non-U.S. GAAP measures. I'll now hand the call over to Dan. 
David Young: Thank you, Max. Before we begin, I just want to remind everyone, please mark your calendars for our financial analyst briefing on December 3 at the New York Stock Exchange. We'll have more information coming out. [Operator Instructions]. 
David Young: Yes. Thank you all very much for joining us this morning. And in the coming months, you'll get more information about our financial analyst briefing at the New York Stock Exchange on December 3. And if you have any questions that you want to follow up, please reach out to Investor and Rating Agency Relations. We will talk to you again. Have a great day. 
Virgil Miller: This is Virgil from the U.S. First, let me start with a little bit more color on how sales performed in Q1. As you mentioned, they were a little bit softer for Q1. A couple of drivers for that. First, let me start with our plans, our life, absence and disability business. Normally, that is a business that takes place the latter part of the year. Well, last year, in 2023, we did have some business process in Q1, so therefore, we were down with that comparison. That is an anomaly. That normally doesn't happen. So again, I expect continued strong performance from that line of business for the remainder of the year. So that was a timing element.  The other timing element involved on the dental and vision business. As Dan mentioned in his opening, we continue to work on optimizing that platform. So we had softer sales. We have a dental product. We're expecting to continue to build out that platform, make those improvements and have a stronger year in the second half of the year.  Last, I will close with -- to emphasize, though, I will continue to focus on our strong underwriting discipline. To give more color on that, we're really looking to bring on business that has long-term profitability, which we believe has strengthened the company over a long-term range. This allows us to pay claims and return shareholder value and also helps us with building on persistency. So we do have an improvement in persistency of 80 basis points. We had higher earned premium of 3.3% and we had strong profitability of 21% -- profit margin of 21% in the quarter. So we believe this is the rightly way to manage the company going forward. 
Virgil Miller: Yes. Let me add to that. Again, this is Virgil. I just want to say that what you're seeing is the evolution of our block of business. Our group voluntary benefit business has continued to grow over the past several years. And really, when we talk about that underwriting discipline, that is where you're most are going to see that. If there's strong competition out there, fierce competition in the group business, and what we're doing is making sure though that we are able not only to compete, but we want to look at the business that yields profits.  So any time you bring in new business on the books, of course, there is acquisition expenses and everything that go into that, we want to make sure that we're getting the right business on the books that has the tendency to persist. So we're able to end up absolutely making profit on that business over a couple of years' period. 
Virgil Miller: Yes. So I would say it's definitely a tough environment we're recruiting for commission roles out there. Still, I would tell you, if you look back at Q1 of 2023, it was a strong Q1 quarter for us. So this year, we knew we had a tough comparison. And so therefore, I would tell you we expect it to be slightly down. So I'm not throwing off about the performance of Q1. I'm expecting us to rebound and continue to recruit, develop, convert, train and actually build up on average we can produce as going forward. Again, knowing the environment is tough, we just have to recruit differently. We're deploying different means to make sure we hit our expected numbers this year. 
Daniel Amos: Let me let Aflac Japan answer that, but I think the most important thing is we still expect to attain our objective for the full year. So Koide, would you mind taking that or Yoshizumi. 
Daniel Amos: And if you think about it a minute, it will make plenty of sense is that -- you take an account that has high lapsation, then you have a low benefit ratio and you have a high expense ratio and basically no profit. So you actually improve every aspect of the business -- the overall business when you just don't write it. And that's what we've been looking at and seeing and then that allows us by doing that for our -- as we've increased benefits and other policies to move it up and give a better value. So it's a good balance that we think ultimately creates value not only for the policyholder, but ultimately for the shareholders as well. 
Daniel Amos: Suneet, let me try to summarize, because I think it's important here. Number one is, in the nonexclusive area, this isn't something new. If you go back and you look, and you've been around a long time, you'll remember that there was this major agency that was independent and other competitors were selling for them, we ended up selling for them. They had been in the cell phone business and transferred over to the insurance business.  We found a way to get into that market. We ended up selling a lot with them. They ended up going a different direction. But the point being is, wherever the business is, we'll be there as the leader in the third sector product. And yes, we do have a strategy. And yes, we do plan on winning. But the point that I think Aflac Japan is making is the bread and butter of everything we do are the agencies that we've had since the inception. That along now with Japan Post has made a big difference. Again, Japan Post being only cancer. But all in all, it's what's dominated our business, and we will be ready to handle that. And it's really nothing new. It was going on 15 years ago. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] Thank you for the question. This is Yoshizumi, I will be answering your question. Starting from 2024, what we are expecting is that we expect to exceed 2023 results. Due to the following reasons, we are expecting our sales will recover. Number one, we are planning to enhance our associates' channel sales agents, I mean increase the number of sales associates. And in 2023, we approximately hired 600 new sales agents -- recruited and have enhanced their training. We are expecting that these 600 will become more productive in the second quarter and be successful. And we are also continuing agent recruitment in 2024 and taking steps to ensure their effectiveness. And the second point is that we are going to be promoting the sales of Japan Post new product as well as our cancer product through the Japan Post channel. And we do expect that cancer insurance sales will increase in the second quarter. And then my third point is related to Yorisou Cancer Consultation Support, which has been highly rated by our customers. This is our consultation service for our customers that could further differentiate ourselves from our competitors. And we will be using TV commercials, web video ads, et cetera, and leverage them to differentiate further against our competitors. And my fourth point is that we have plans to implement measures to attract more young and middle-aged customers as medical insurance has been well received among those segments and with significant growth at large nonexclusive agencies. And furthermore, we are planning to launch a new asset formation type of product in June. The product will include future nursing care coverage feature that will bring value to young customers. We also expect to sell additional third sector product to these new customers through concurrent and follow-on sales. And by implementing these measures, we expect an increase in second quarter sales and exceed 2023 results, and as we aim to steadily increase sales. We are aiming for a steadily increase in sales toward our 2026 targets. That's all from me. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] This is Yoshizumi once again. Let me answer your questions. Regarding the medical insurance sales, we have been increasing our sales on year-on-year basis, especially to those customers under age 50 or 40 and below. And also, this -- our sales in large nonexclusive agency sales on a year-on-year basis, increasing significantly this year. And this large nonexclusive agency sales is a benchmark to see how well the medical insurance is doing. We are planning to roll out promotional measures to further enhance our sales to young and middle aged customers, who we have been selling already successfully. That's all for me. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] This is Yoshizumi. I will be answering your questions. I'm sorry, this is translator speaking. I just needed to clarify what Yoshizumi said about the numbers that he mentioned. Here I go.  In terms of the number of exclusive and nonexclusive agencies, 60% are exclusive agencies and 40% are nonexclusive agencies. That is in terms of the number of sales agencies, but then when it comes to sales, it's 70-30, exclusive agencies, 70% and nonexclusive agencies 40% (sic) [ 30% ]. It's not that which is larger, which is smaller that really matters, but it is what it is. In addition to explaining about our nonexclusive agencies channel, there are particular agencies that are called large nonexclusive agencies among the nonexclusive agency channel. And the sales from that large nonexclusive agency channel accounts for about 5% of our sales. 
Koichiro Yoshizumi: [interpreted] So this is Yoshizumi once again. Let me just add a little bit more information to your question. The large nonexclusive agencies, the main product that they sell to a customer is the first sector product. And Aflac, our main products are cancer and medical insurance products and the total number of policies of cancer and medical added altogether combined, we are #1 in overall Japan. So we truly believe that we will be able to increase the number of sales through other channels as well. And I do think that our driver will be our exclusive agencies. 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] This is Aflac Japan, Koide. I would like to be adding a few comments. In Japan right now, third sector sales is becoming more and more competitive year-on-year. And our strategy is to have solid sale by meeting these customers under the very competitive situation by launching new products in both medical and cancer insurance. And we'd like to do this in a timely manner by really taking in the needs of customers. And as Yoshizumi-san mentioned earlier, regarding the associates channel sales agents increase, particularly as we increase the number of sales agents, we are not only increasing the headcount, but we are also trying to increase the productivity per head per year through training. In that way, we should be able to increase our sales and strengthen our sales in third sector. Another strength of Aflac in Japan is that we have very strong alliance across the entire Japan, namely the Japan Post network because Japan Post has a nationwide network that can sell our products. And as Yoshizumi-san mentioned, the Japan Post network sales recovery is taking a bit more time. However, just as Yoshizumi-san mentioned, Japan Post Insurance sales is increasing, especially in its activity volume. So not will they only be only increasing their sales activities and association activities, they will also -- they should also be increasing the actual sales on cancer, and that's what we are hoping to have done. That's all from us. 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] Let me start out. This is Koide from Aflac Japan speaking. So first of all, let me just clarify our agency structure, our agency purpose. Ever since our foundation in Aflac Japan, we have always had exclusive agency channel as our main channel plus the so-called nonexclusive agencies that sells mainly our product in cancer and medical insurance area. And these are the main agencies that we have been dealing with.  And this, in fact, is the strength of Aflac Japan. And because this just means that there are many agencies that are very loyal to Aflac. And as you know, other companies are entering into agency channel in recent years. Because they are new entries, they are not able to build their own exclusive channel anymore. So as a result, what they've been doing is to go into the nonexclusive channel, especially trying to deal with the large nonexclusive agencies to increase their sales. So in other words, as we mentioned, the sales from large nonexclusive agencies is small in Aflac's overall sales. However, this does not mean that we are any behind other insurance companies because we have our strength. This is in fact, our strength because we have our own exclusive channels. But then at the same time, it is also a fact that the market of large nonexclusive agency customers is increasing because the main customers of large nonexclusive agencies is young and middle aged customers.  So however, as a result, what we need to do to grow Aflac Japan going forward is not just focus on exclusive agencies, but we also need to start focusing more on large nonexclusive agencies. And that has been the strategy for the past few years. And as a result of that, what we have done last year is to launch a new medical insurance product, which we have been able to sell a lot through our large nonexclusive agencies. Because we have targeted mainly young and middle aged customers who are using this medical insurance. So as a result of this, we have had a very large growth in our medical insurance sales in the first quarter this year. 
Masatoshi Koide: [interpreted] Dan, thank you. And I would like to add a little bit more color to that. We are really truly working on the large nonexclusive agency channel right now. However, as Dan mentioned, we have Japan Post, we have exclusive agencies, we have nonexclusive agencies and as I mentioned, we have Japan Post channel as well as other business partners and bank channel. So we have this variety of channels that sell our third sector products. And so that is how we are going to be increasing and growing our sales. 
Max Broden: So Tom, let me take that. One of the main reasons is that we obviously have an aging block of in-force. So our new sales is lower than our lapsation. That means you have a natural aging of the overall block, yes. When you have that, then you're going to see some higher surrenders, lapses and also mortality associated with the overall block. So it's very natural when you have an aging block that you have higher lapses. That in combination with -- we've also now -- in the last 5, 6 years, we moved into a little bit of a shorter product cycles. When you have that and you refresh products, you tend to have a little bit higher structural lapse and reissue come through your block. So I would point those are the 2 main reasons why we are probably in an environment now where you have a slightly lower persistency now structurally than what we did see 5, 6 years ago. 
Max Broden: So our ESR in Japan continues to track well. We are running a little bit north of 250% on our ESR based on our internal model. We would expect relatively soon in the second quarter for the FSA to come up with a final calibration. I would not anticipate that, that would have a material impact on our -- i.e., the difference between the FSA calibration and our current internal model. So I wouldn't expect to have that number move materially.  But then obviously, we will assess the ESR based on that, and we will talk about it in more detail in December. But currently, we're tracking on our internal model a bit north of 250%. 
Max Broden: So Joe, the main driver continues to be the hospitalization trends that have been favorable for a long, long period of time, and they quite frankly have continued to improve. The way we do -- when we do our reserving, we are looking to true up to current experience, but we don't necessarily anticipate that it will be a continued future improvement in that experience. And that's why you see these -- if the hospitalization trends continue to improve from current levels, then you could see in the future but that will lead to future remeasurement gains as well. But if they stabilize at current levels, then you wouldn't necessarily see that. 
Max Broden: Yes. There's a significant element of both seasonality and timing in this number. And for the full year, we are tracking towards our expense ratio outlook of 19% to 21%. 
Max Broden: So Josh, volatility can obviously impact the pricing of options. That will be -- that together with all the other sort of normal inputs into the pricing of an option would be the main impact from that. The level itself has less impact to the ultimate cost of those put options. So at this point, we see relatively limited impact to the pricing of options. Quite frankly, I think that the volatility in the yen -- even though it's been trending, the short-term volatility has been quite low recently.  So given that, we don't see any significant impact. I would tell you, though, that obviously -- that there's been a significant move overall in the yen because it's been trending and it has been weakening. And that obviously has an impact to all of our financial statements and capital ratios. The way we approach this is that we take an economic view and we try to protect the economic value of Aflac Japan with a holding company lens. And we feel that we are very well protected with the 3 levers that we are using to do that. That being the U.S. dollar assets we hold in a Japanese general account. That being the yen-denominated debt that we issue out of the holding company and then also the FX forwards that we have at the holding company. So we have designed this program with these kind of moves in mind. And at this point, the program overall is performing very well. 
Max Broden: So the overall return on capital to shareholders is really, quite frankly, driven by, number one, satisfy the capital ratios in the subsidiaries, and that means all of the subsidiaries. Then we look at the pool of capital that we have at the holding company, which currently sits at $3.7 billion on an unencumbered basis, which is roughly $2 billion north of our minimum liquidity level. We then think about what is the capital generation going forward. And that helps us then think about how we can deploy capital, both short term, i.e. in the next couple of quarters, but also long term, i.e., thinking about what it's going to look like over the next 2, 3, 5 years as well.  That helps us sort of guide then also what kind of returns we can expect on dividend, buybacks, et cetera, when we take these into account what other alternatives we have for that capital. And obviously, we try to deploy the capital in the areas where we think we can get the best IRR. 
