Dan Amos: Yeah. We -- what we are seeing is, I think, what you are starting to see across the industry as more companies report and that is there’s been the natural putting off, if you will, of routine doctor, dentist and more routine hospital visits due to the shelter-in-place and general concerns over COVID. And we are, in fact, starting to see that open back up again in select areas of the country, where people are coming back in and we are starting to see claims pick up, particularly in the last week or so of the quarter and then into July. What I would say, is that we are still traveling at levels lower year-over-year than the claims experience in those products last year this time. So they have not recovered back up to what we would call a normal level. But they are certainly more elevated than what we experienced in the early part through, say, midway into the second quarter. What we are doing, however, is also very important and that is we are proactively reaching out to employees and employers to remind them of the benefits that they have in our policies how to consider whether or not they are eligible or have a qualified event and can file a claim, how easy it is to file a claim, how quickly the money comes directly to them. And in particular, we are focused on wellness claims, which are attached to many of our policies, but most notably our accident policy. And by proactively reaching out to policyholders to remind them that if they did in fact go to see the doctor or dentist on a routine measure or they plan to remember that they have got a wellness benefit, which will typically reimburse them to the tune of, say, $60 or so by visit. Historically, we have done this on a kind of a state-by-state basis at times and usually what we find is that there will be a pickup in utilization, which you would expect, but we also hope to achieve better persistency by reminding people of their benefits. The key time to do this is in fact typically in the third quarter, not just because of COVID dynamics, but because that’s also about the time when people are reviewing with their employer, their benefits and considering whether to sign up again. It’s also particularly important for us right now because it’s a way to moderate to some degree the risk of these state orders falling off throughout the quarter, as well as the possibility of stimulus falling off. So we would expect to do some outreach in the third quarter. We would expect that to increase utilization. It’s very difficult to project it and so we can’t really guide on what we expect. But we think those activities will recover some of the benefit ratio in the second half.
Dan Amos: Well, I will start and then maybe Aflac Japan will want to make some comments as well. I think our relationship with Aflac, I mean, with Japan Post and Masuda-san is good as it could possibly be. They are positive. They are very interested in the new technology and the ability to use digital to help. In my opinion, they are wrapping up all phases of past issues, because you have got a new management team. I think the press is pretty much seen and heard everything and now it’s just been repetitive. So I am hoping that by, certainly, end of August, September, it will kind of finish out and then they will move forward. Now how the impact of that will go in regard to COVID and the ability to sell is uncertain. But the willingness on their part to want to sell and move forward is very positive. And I think they would like to see the numbers go back to where they were as well, of course, not only for sales but also being a large shareholder themselves. They are interested in that. So what I would say is, is we are well-positioned. We are looking forward to that movement and I think they are as well. So let me turn the program over to Koide to see what else he might want to add in that regard.
Dan Amos: Thank you, Fred. And just before we conclude our call today, I wanted to remind you that we have combined financial analyst -- combined our financial analyst briefing, as well as our 2021 outlook call for a special webcasted event on November 19th in that morning and we will have more details on that. We hope you will join us. And please feel free to contact Investor Relations for more information with any questions that you may have before then and we look forward to speaking with you soon. Wish you all continued good health. Thank you.
