John J. Ferriola: The only thing I would add, Dan, is that we are building the first DRI facility with the capability, all of the infrastructure in place for our second DRI unit of 2.5 million metric tons.
John J. Ferriola: Why don’t we start with order entry rates. The year started fairly strong on order entry. We saw a dip around the middle of the first quarter. After the dip, a short period of 2 or 3 weeks, we began to see both volume and pricing recovery. So it's been a slow but steady recovery from the middle of the first quarter to where we are today both on volume and on pricing. Going forward, given the current match between capacity and demand, we would see both volume and pricing to stabilize in the near future.
John J. Ferriola: No, I would say that we do believe that the construction market is stabilizing and we see some signs of improvement. The API has been above 50% now for 5 months in a row. That's a very positive sign. Of course, there's a lead time element in that. So there’s several months out there before we begin to see that in actual construction starts. But again, as we said in the script, we think at least, at a minimum, the construction market is stabilizing. And we have seen increases in our backlogs and in the order entry rate in Harris rebar and in our building systems. So those are somewhat encouraging signs.
John J. Ferriola: Well, as I mentioned, the 3 acquisitions were what we refer to as bolt-on acquisitions. And the strategy behind it is to get better control on the feeder lots so that we have a more steady and consistent supply of scrap into our yards for processing. As far as going forward, we will continue to do that when it makes sense, when the opportunities present themselves, and continue to grow our business in times that we are able to process for feedstock into our mills.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me comment first on what our exposure is. I like to think of it as our participation, not our exposure. Our participation has grown in automotive probably to the tune of 10% to 15% over the last year. And we see that as a very good market for us. We have developed many products. We've been able to put into that light gauge, high strength, I mentioned in the prepared remarks, ultra high-strength products. So on the sheet side, our participation has grown 10% to 15%. The automotive build this year is expected to increase by about a million units, up from somewhere in the neighborhood of 13 million, 13.5 million, up to about 14 million, 14.5 million units. And don't forget, in addition to the sheet business going into automotive, we have a lot of participation from our SBQ group. And that participation is also growing both as a result of new products that we're introducing and as a result of the volume that we'll have to be able to put into those markets as a result of some of our expansion projects that we've mentioned in the script. The only thing I would add to that, Dan, is that I mentioned Steel Technology expanding in Mexico. The Mexican automotive market production has increased tremendously in the last 4 to 5 years, again, to the tune over that period of about a million units of build, taking it from somewhere in the neighborhood of 3 million units in Mexico 4 or 5 years ago up to about 4 million units today. So we’re well positioned, both in the Southeast, where there's a large growth in automotive production and in Mexico, where we're also seeing a large growth in automotive production. So we see our participation in the automotive as a very positive thing.
John J. Ferriola: One way you can look at it is that on the sheet side, the split between our hot-rolled product and our cold-rolled and galvanized product, and our percentage that goes into the highest strength in ultra high strength markets. And on the SBQ side, I would say that all of our SBQ products are value added products. So that's fairly easy to address. Currently, our split is about 55% hot band to 45% cold-rolled and further process galvanized product. In terms of our high strength and ultra high strength, we continuously move in more and more of our tonnage into those areas and going into areas we mentioned, automotive, but also appliance, agricultural are big areas for our value added products going into those markets. So we continue to see it grow. And on the sheet side, if I were to take a round number on all of our value added, cold-rolled, galvanized and ultra high strength, I would say somewhere in the neighborhood of 55% to 60%. And our current SBQ capacity, which is all value added, would be roughly 1.5 million tons. So when you look at those totals, it's a pretty good number overall.
John J. Ferriola: Sohail, one thing I would add is if you look at the schedules that we posted on our website, we have one called sales price and scrap cost. Our actual steel selling prices in the first quarter were $824. In the fourth quarter, they were $806. The increase was bigger than $8 per ton. They are closer to $18 per ton.
John J. Ferriola: Our contract design team [ph] in our sheet business is about 50% and within that 50% of contract business, there's a myriad of different pricing mechanisms. Some are scrap based. Some are CRU based on a monthly adjusted basis. And some are CRU based with the changes occurring on a quarterly basis based on the previous quarter's average selling price. So there's a multitude of different structures, but within sheet about 50% of our tonnage is under contract. On the -- we have a sign here. Virtually all of our SBQ products, 50%. About 50% of our SBQ products are also under contracts that are based on CRU or other pricing mechanisms.
John J. Ferriola: We've been averaging somewhere in the neighborhood of about 10%. It's probably off a little bit in the first quarter as a result of the economic conditions worldwide. So it might be down a little bit, maybe in the 7% to 8% range.
John J. Ferriola: Obviously, automotive, as I mentioned earlier in the day, heavy truck, heavy equipment, Caterpillar, those kind of operations. Agricultural is another one that's very strong.
John J. Ferriola: Energy would be yet another one that's very strong. So there are several markets that we are putting our product in today. And as we continue to bring new grades and qualifications into our Memphis facility, that list is growing.
John J. Ferriola: Auto would definitely be #1. Heavy equipment would be #2. How about trucks? Heavy trucks would be #3. Again, I would think more of the question to you that, that changes as different market conditions change also, but that's how we're seeing it in current.
John J. Ferriola: Well, the sky is the limit as we move forward, okay, because we never stop climbing the mountain of improved products and quality and finding new ways to enter into new markets. We've done a great job across our company in all of our products and doing this specific to automotive. And we -- in the last 5 to 7 years, the amount of high strength and ultra high strength products, the light gauge that we've been able to produce, the quality of our products that we've been able to produce, the number of vacuum degassers that we've added, all increased, each time increased our potential in automotive and other high-value products. So the number over the last 5 years, we've gone from a very small percentage in automotive to a significant player, as we've said in the past. Today, we've given you some indication of what we would do in automotive as we go forward. We've mentioned the wide light project at Berkeley. And we feel that that's going to boost our participation in automotive strongly. Being able to produce that product in Berkeley shifted to a state of the art automotive qualified galvanized line in Decatur, gives us another window of opportunity. So we feel very encouraged about what we're doing. I would add to that -- you're familiar with our Castrip product and our technology. That opens up another world of opportunity as we continue to grow in grades. As you know, that's an ultralight gauge, cold-rolled replacement product and that we are currently investigating opportunities to put that into automotive product also.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, caution is just a matter of the times we're in. The need to move at a faster pace than what we're planning on is not necessarily there. And we -- as John said, we're building the infrastructure for the second one. So to construct the second one will be a considerably shorter time frame. Let's get one done and ready to operate, and then we will go from there. As far as new business strategy goes, our intent here is to utilize the DRI to replace the 3-plus million tons of pig iron and other high-quality scrap substitutes on an economic, competitive basis going forward and be in control more of our own supply. And with the natural gas opportunities that will be with us for the next 20 to 40 years, we think this is a wise way to go.
Daniel R. DiMicco: One of the early indicators that seem to be sending a positive signal in our pre-engineered metal buildings, which will usually improve before our joist business and the overall construction market, is the size of the jobs that are actually going forward. And over the last couple of months, we've seen more and more large jobs than we have seen for some time. But it's still at the beginning stages. And whether it stays at a trend, an upward slope, or whether it flattens out or drops back, up until this point in time, we just seem to be on a sinusoidal curve that just goes up and down, up and down about a fairly steady bottom in the construction markets. So we're not getting overly excited, but it is a positive observation and we'll see if it continues.
Daniel R. DiMicco: We've been very disciplined. Keith and his team have been very disciplined about the acquisitions that we have been making. There has been no rush. When we get an opportunity to have a very cost-competitive, effective acquisition, they’ve been executing on them and that will continue going forward.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I like the way you transitioned very quickly from one term to another when you went to "collapsed." The margins have tightened and then collapsed, which is typical of surges in imports when they take place. And listen, we have a U.K. -- a global economy that is sputtering. We have a domestic economy that is growing at a snail's pace. And there's massive oversupply in some products here in the United States and around the world, created in this country by both domestic overcapacity based upon the demand levels we're seeing, not based upon peak demand and the influx of imports. In particular, we've seen a significant, a serious flood of imports from Turkey, reinforcing bar and a little bit on merchant. And we're starting to see it on sheet and we're concerned about that. And it's not just what happens with respect to the first order move out of one country, but it can, and this has been the case with China as they export more and more product to other places in the world. People move the exports that they had to those areas to other areas, and for the U.S. market being the most open. Clearly, this flood of imports is -- it's not being driven by demand. It's being -- it's a excess supply push on the part of the global steel industry and the trading environment. And as such, it usually leads to distortions in pricing and cost. And as such, as I mentioned in my prepared remarks, you can rest assured that we will be moving forward with legal challenges to Washington to this flood of imports that have taken place and deal with them in the only way that we have possible to deal with them when they're not market driven, surges in imports and movement of steel. So it's a serious issue. It affects all the products eventually. And it's been more so in the long products, rebar business and in the sheet business. We're starting to see some of that in plate. Yes, the margins are compressing, but the problem with that is the damage is being done as these margins continue to compress. There's no way in heck that in this domestic industry, if competing on a level playing field, all things being equal, that an industry running at 78% or less than capacity needs a 36% increase in imports to satisfy the demand. And it doesn't come in here unless it is underpriced and many times priced below the cost to produce. So those issues are with us. They’ve been with us for decades. We continue to fight them. We continue to win. It's unfortunate that we cannot have something that's more proactive in dealing with these surges on the part of our government, but we are even working on that as we speak.
Daniel R. DiMicco: As far as the impact of this resin shortage that seems to be certainly being talked about with the outage in Germany, it's going to affect every player in the business. Some companies, obviously, have greater exposure to automotive than we do. Ours is growing. And what that impact is going to be is not something we can speculate on. It just depends how the oil companies handle it and how much they cut back production, if at all. I think they’re actively working to find other sources of materials to be able to use, to replace those not on resins, out of Germany.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Before we answer that specifically, I just want to add on the plate side of our business, we're currently somewhere around 10% of what we would call highly value added through heat treat, growing to about 20% as we bring on the normalizing facility that's currently under construction and the vacuum degasser that's being put into place. So you're looking at somewhere around 200,000 to 350,000 tons of our 1.5 million, 1.6 million ton plate capacity roughly at our Hertford plant. Now I'm not talking about our Tuscaloosa operation, which is another million-plus tons. And as far as the imports of rebar and Turkey and other Russians and other places, Chinese, those are going to get dealt with. They come in cycles, unfortunately. As margins drop down or as we put in place effective trade remedies to the core systems, they will be dealt with going forward. We'd like to think that they would stop on their own because we haven't seen that in the past. And as far as putting in other products to replace that business because on the order of magnitude, the size of our rebar business, that just is not going to happen. That's the bottom line. And we are continually working to move up in all product lines into more value-added product, but we don't vacate the lower value product. We just use it to grow our total market participation. And when you have 8 million tons of rebar capability, it's not something you're going to replace with a few hundred thousand tons of this or a few hundred thousand tons of that. It's an issue that has to be dealt with in the marketplace.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Total price of all products. You have to keep in mind that there have been upward and downward movements depending upon the product during the course of the quarter. And so you can't draw a generalized comment on the flat-rolled business from that particular change in selling price because you've got an equal amount of long products and plate products included in that. So I'm not sure I know how to answer that question. If you want to try again.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Listen, I don't want to get into commenting about where SDI is or isn't and their Mesabi Nugget experience. Certainly, the DRI is a proven technology. I think other technologies that we worked with, and we have worked with Mesabi Nugget ourselves several years before other people started working with it. The cost and benefits of the DRI operation are significant, larger than the magnitude that you're quoting. But it depends on where the other raw material pricing is. It depends on where scrap is. It depends on where pig iron pricing is. So to make a blanket statement that it gives a $100 a ton cost advantage over other ways of providing yourself with the raw materials, it's very dependent upon where the other pricing is. Certainly, with the price of natural gas, where it is and where it'll be, they won’t stay at these low levels over anywhere near the lifespan of our DRI operations. We're looking at substantial cost benefits. That's why we're doing it versus just buying pig iron on the open market let alone prime grades of scrap.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, let's see how that works, Al. We have 0 control over iron ore companies that price their product in that order [ph] and price it over. So we will be subject to whatever the market conditions dictate, and until such time as we have some kind of opportunity on our own to be an ore producer or a partner in an ore project, which is something that we're continually looking at.
Daniel R. DiMicco: That's not the issue whether the prices were $100 a ton difference. The issue is whether the pricing that they're at is below their home market pricing and below the cost of production. And certainly, if they are abiding by the globally agreed-upon rules in that regard, there's no issue. And we just have to deal with it. And there's no legal recourse that's going to change that, that the issue has been proven time and time again. I don't know where your head has been lately over the last 20 years, Aldo, but I know it hasn't been stuck in the sand like an ostrich. You know darn well that we've won numerous, numerous cases against virtually every country in the world for cheating on the global trading system. And they've held up in court and not only our court, but the World Court. So to imply that if nobody ever does anything wrong when they import it to the United States and that somehow because we had $100 a ton price differential, that we were the bad guys. And out there, we try and get -- make a profit on our product when other folks are just interested in dumping their product to keep people employed. Now that's ludicrous, my friend. But you're entitled to your question.
Daniel R. DiMicco: As we talked before, some of the heavy equipment manufacturers and other manufacturers are, as we speak, either opening or building or getting ready to construct new facilities in North America, particularly the United States, that will increase the demand for those products above where they are today or in a what would have been considered a previously strong volume market.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The EPA has worked to make it a difficult process at federal level. Luckily, at the state level, we've had extremely good cooperation from the state environmental people in Louisiana and we have the permits in place. Most of the discussions at this point in time revolve around the permit for the blast furnaces that we still have and plan on holding onto and not so much the existing DRI permits.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Yes, yes, yes and yes. The volumes and the pricing go fairly hand in hand. And so on the demand side, because the economy is really growing at a snail's pace on the steel consumption. And we just recently had some numbers come out in the last day or 2 on manufacturer, where there seems to be a bit of a slowdown, hopefully that’s a temporary thing. We’re not going to get ahead of ourselves on volume forecasts. We do believe volumes will be up modestly, and we do believe pricing on some of our products will be up modestly. Some products will be sideways down. And the net of that is, we see an environment going through the second quarter that will be more profitable but not in a large way. And predicting the volumes with still the uncertainties in the economy and the fits and starts in construction that seem to come and go. It is difficult to do.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Yes, when I say we I’m talking about the government, and so you can take the speed of action out of the government into consideration. Obviously, I'll be qualified by saying that we are working on these things. And that is we are working on coming up with tools that allow our government to be more proactive, i.e. to respond much quicker to floods of imports. Other than that, I won't go any further.
Daniel R. DiMicco: No, it’s not the first time. It's the first time I’ve commented on it. As I mentioned earlier, we are constantly evaluating the opportunity in iron ore, if there is one or not. And pricing in most commodities go through cycles so we're cognizant of that. And we have had opportunities that we walked away from because they were too expensive. And so we will be very cautious about moving into that space but if the opportunity does present itself and there are some opportunities that could be doing that, we will -- are taking advantage of them but if we do, you can count on the fact that it’s with the idea that higher pricing will not stay in one place over the life of the business cycle.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Those are some very general product side. But Michelle, if you're looking for absolute tonnages, there is -- or percentages of the high quality, suppliable market we will be able to service. John's point is a very good one. We don't limit ourselves. We never have, even when we were first getting into the flat-rolled business and people said they’ll never be able to do anything more than decking and construction grades. That was just a matter of time to us, not a fact that could not be overcome. And so you have to really look at this from the standpoint of there's nothing in the automotive sector from a quality standpoint in the flat-rolled or other SBQ or what have you that we will and are not already moving into in a strong way. And when I say strong way, we're talking about hundreds of thousands of tons to millions of tons ability to penetrate that market in terms of the type of product we're capable of making. The rest of it is actually -- comes through being successful and competing for that market. But there is no limit. And so that to ask us what -- how many more tons we're going to get or what percentage we're going to get is, in our minds, limiting and we don't see it as a limiting thing. There's nothing that we won't be able to reach, including exposed automotive. So I don't know how to answer that question. There are no limitations.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I want you to understand, you should ask the most forward questions first and maybe other people will want to ask some questions. We can go back to your other questions later. But 4 questions at a time is reasonable. So you tell me what your next question is.
Daniel R. DiMicco: If you’re going to retire next week, you will not see us making steel in Louisiana. If you are years away from it, it depends on how many years. As we’ve said all along, the strategy for the 4,000-plus acre tract on deepwater port in Louisiana is to include everything, including steelmaking operations, both steel production and downstream. And it's a matter of time. And when it all happens, our first focus is on the raw materials side. But you could see how we've talked about the fact that we're exploring additional greenfield opportunities, and Louisiana may be one of those places that pops up.
Daniel R. DiMicco: You have to be very careful when you are looking at dollars of construction versus square footage of construction. And there has not been a significant change in the construction activities. On top of that, you are continually in a competitive environment where you have significant overcapacity in virtually every construction products business that we're in, whether it be joist, deck, pre-engineered metal buildings, rebar, fabrication. So you have those -- the situation where there's a lot more growth that's got to come before real pricing power is and margin power is back in the construction product side of the business. So I wouldn't be looking for anything more than that and explain that situation.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Yes. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor. For those of you that may not have gotten to ask all of the questions you wanted, feel free to send them in to Gregg Lucas and we'll get you answers. And I wanted to, once again, thank all of our customers for their support, all of our suppliers for taking care of our teammates out on the operations and keeping them well supplied with quality products, and all of our teammates around the corporation for working safely and working effectively. Thank you all very much, and our shareholders and our best years are yet to come. The 470% increase in total return since 2000 is not a thing of the past. It's a thing of the future, and we are building that profit platform to deliver on that as we speak, as we always do during downtimes. And in the meantime, we're paying a nice dividend and we'll continue to do so. So thank you all for your interest in the company.
Keith B. Grass: Well, it's probably -- this is Keith. It's probably a combination of the 2. As the economy improves, it will generate more scrap and make more unprepared scrap available to various scrap processors around the country. But there is no doubt that during the shredding business today, you have experienced increased competition over the last several years. There's been a significant jump in the number of shredders in the country. So as you've seen in past cycles, there is a trend towards consolidation, as well as we will grow through it with increased scrap generation.
Keith B. Grass: I would say more consolidation -- slight consolidation. I haven't really seen anybody drop out at this point in time.
Keith B. Grass: I'll go down 2 different roads with it. The first one was scrap market moved up as it moved December into January but then pretty much flattened out or moved down from there. So there was really no sustained upward trend that we had seen in the past during the quarter, which is alluded to in the release this morning. So that's probably really what accounted for a good portion of the squeeze. And the second one would go back to the earlier question about overcapacity of shredders and all. So we're fighting for raw material in this overcapacity situation in a market that was trending flat to down. We saw a squeeze through most of our operations in the -- around the country.
James D. Frias: Yes and on the SBQ contracts, we have a base price plus a floating surcharge based on a scrap index.
James D. Frias: They vary, but our contracts typically run from 3 months up to 1 year, and they are adjusted monthly based on a scrap index.
James D. Frias: Okay, first on pre-operating and startup cost. We first began breaking it out in our earnings release in mid-2009 because they were both a material relative to our gross profit and they were materially different than they were in 2008. And really, when we got into 2011, they were no longer material relative to 2011's gross profit but we kept disclosing them because in comparison to 2010 when they were higher, there was a change that was fairly material. Now our earnings release includes the income statements for 2011 and 2012. And for both those years, it's not material and they really aren’t that materially different on an apples-to-apples basis, we include all the different components that have been a part of pre-operating startup costs over the year. So they're relatively flat. They’re not material. They're just not worth breaking out right now. We will again in the future when they rise because of the Louisiana startup creating more pre-operating startup costs. But they just haven't changed that much really.
James D. Frias: Yes, and that was -- yes, we were classifying freight for part of our business differently in the past and we've moved it up in the cost of goods sold. Some of them we're recording in their first [indiscernible]. There has been a reclass and now we account for freight.
James D. Frias: We don't have an operating income per ton for the raw materials to disclose, and we typically don't.
James D. Frias: If you exclude that adjustment, we'd be at 35%, or 36% if you also exclude the share of profits belonging to our JV partners. So if you make that adjustment, I'd use somewhere in the 35% to 36% range.
Philip Gibbs: Just, Dan, my first question was the status of the EPA review in Louisiana, just that we were reading some articles that they were giving you a hard time.
Philip Gibbs: The EPA review at your Louisiana DRI facility. We've just been reading that the EPA is giving you a hard time.
Philip Gibbs: Okay, I just have a couple of quick ones for Jim. First one was just what were the startup costs in the quarter? And two, the SG&A looked solidly below what it's been running at over the last several quarters. Just curious what the reasons for that were.
