Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, John. Day in and day out, the news flow regarding our economy gives little reason for short-term optimism. The challenges are most definitely real and serious, but the Nucor team firmly believes these problems, if defined and understood properly, all have solutions. Our view of the situation is unchanged. The time is right and long overdue to reinvigorate the American economy by seizing new opportunities in energy, infrastructure rebuilding and growing a globally competitive U.S. manufacturing sector that will prosper in an environment of rules-based free trade and an improved global competitiveness here at home. Nucor's success over nearly 5 decades has always been driven by our long-term focus in running and growing our business. And our team is bullish on the American people and their ability to do the right things over the long run. That is why we are busy building a stronger Nucor. A stronger Nucor is one positioned to deliver the higher highs and higher lows in earnings power through success in economic cycles. In the last cyclical peak in the economy in 2008 until the end of 2012, Nucor will have invested more than $6.5 billion of capital by a disciplined execution of our multipronged, long-term growth strategy. That is why Nucor is primed and ready to generate higher highs and earnings once a sustainable economic recovery inevitably arise. That is why my confidence has never been greater that Nucor's best years are ahead of us. At this point in time, we'll be happy take your questions.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Rumors always abound, particularly on issues that concern how the environmental issues might be handled on a new project. The fact is, we have 0 concern. I repeat, 0 concern, that the project will be delayed due to the permitting issues because our permits are in place, legal and supported by the state and actually discussed openly by Lisa Jackson as being signs of a successful functioning of the EPA. Having said that, there are always nuisance suits that develop, which are being dealt with and will in no way slow down the project. Our biggest issue today on that project is the water level in the Mississippi River. And the good news lately is, that a -- the river Corps of Engineers is forecasting a 9-inch rise because of rains in the Ohio Valley, so keep your fingers crossed as the rain continues where it's needed, both for the crops and for the Mississippi River. Anyone else like to make any comments on that? Go ahead.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The current strategy is to continue to feed the DRI plant in Trinidad and the new one that will start up mid '13 with supplies from our existing pellet suppliers for DRI pellets. And as far as iron ore goes, when there's something to talk about, if there's ever anything to talk about, we'll talk about it. But thanks for the question.
Daniel R. DiMicco: What we're talking about in terms of the opportunity to bring that additional flat-rolled sales in-house to Nucor as opposed to the previous owners, we're talking about somewhere between 150,000 and 200,000 tons of additional tonnage. And of course, all that goes without discussing the fact that the opportunity is to grow the overall Hertford [ph] and company. Now they're part of Nucor, whether it'd be in sheet piling, pipe piling, H-piling, will certainly be there for us as the market allows us to. But you're looking at somewhere around a 20% improvement in opportunity.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, our philosophy there really hasn't changed and the opportunities really haven't changed over the past several years that would cause us to do that. In general, the world today is suffering from massive overcapacity because of the economic conditions that are out there, both here in the States and now popping -- certainly, popped up in Europe and now popping up in Asia. So the idea of building new capacity for new capacity's sake, certainly throughout most of the world, is not a good use of shareholders' capital. Our interest at the current time primarily focused on shoring up our existing operations where we have several hundreds of millions of dollars being spent there. We've indicated in the earlier calls. And also strengthening our vertical integration, both downstream with David Joseph, Harris rebar and now Skyline, and our new product and process developments at our fabricated products divisions like our joist and deck operations and obviously, our DRI operations that will be built in Louisiana. That's where our allocation of the capital is for the most part, whether they'd be to grow our existing operations vertically in both directions or to take advantage of acquisition opportunities as they come forward. As far as greenfield opportunities go, we have talked in the recent past about another plate mill. And under the current conditions in the world, that probably is something that's being put on the back burner as we speak and will depend upon how things proceed with the global economies over the next couple of years as to what gets done there. But our overall strategy still focuses on: number one, investing in our existing operations; number two, investing in the vertical integration, both up and down the line as the opportunities present themselves.
Daniel R. DiMicco: No, I think you should interpret them as being that we're in a very vertical state in the economy, both here and around the world. There's a lot of instability, potential instability, a lot of concerns over risks in the global and domestic economies. There are some things that are moving in the direction that will be positive for us. There are some things that are moving in a direction that will be negative for us. And as we highlight those, we like to highlight both the positive directions and the negative directions. So I wouldn't focus so much on volumes per se, but certainly, there'll be things that will be impacting the margins. As you know, selling prices have come down as scrap prices come down. That's a two-edged sword. In the long run, it benefits us. In the short run, it can catch us in a negative way on the scrap side, in our scrap business and also as a lag that exists out there for the lower scrap prices that make their way through the transportation system and into our actual usage in the mills. So most of what you're seeing in our guidance is a recognition that we are still in a very unstable economic climate and things are moving in both directions, and how they break and what their impact is relative to one another is still an unknown. We just know that those directions are there and that the pluses and minuses, we believe, will take us to a point similar to where we've been so far in the first 6 months of the year. They could bring more positive. And as we have mentioned already, that there is a price realization improvement because of the last sheet price increase and the scrap has come down. Although how far that's fallen and whether it stays there or goes back up is something that we should know much more better over the next 30 -- 15 to 30 days.
Daniel R. DiMicco: That was a pretty neat way of dragging on what we might be doing or not doing there conversation, Sohail. I wondered why it took you a second to push the mute button. I don't mean that in a negative way. I thought it was a good question. As far as our strategy in Louisiana goes, it hasn't really changed from the standpoint of what the future holds down there. We are currently permitted for 2 DRI facilities and a blast furnace and coke oven operation. A lot will depend on how markets develop and how economic growth stabilizes and moves forward over the next 5 to 10 years, as to exactly how much more we do down there. Our plans do also call for either steelmaking activities or downstream activities. An expansion of the raw material strategy could very well be in the cards for Louisiana. Now as far as [indiscernible] goes, that's one of those bridges that never should've been built, but it's here, and it's for sale. People will be looking at it. How it would fit in with our strategy in Louisiana? Certainly, if we were interested, it could have a place. But the big issue there is the market doesn't need it. And the big question is, who's going to be interested and what's it going to cost? Certainly, there's very few steel companies that are in business today that aren't at least thinking about, "Jeez, what's going to happen there? And should we have an involvement?" But as far as where our involvement is or isn't, I really can't get into that.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, certainly, on the plus side, as we mentioned in our earnings release and in our script, there are a lot of things like the shutdown of the RG assets and the pullback of ThyssenKrupp on putting steel into the marketplace because they're up for sale and other things that have taken place at the integrated plants. But before I go any further on that, I just want to make sure you understand that at the electric furnace shops, we don't announce changes in production ahead of time because they can be made at basically at a moment's notice as opposed to a blast furnace that has to be planned for and gets talked about. And then when it's shut down, it's shut down for a period of time before they can look at bringing it back and market conditions improve. We've moved in and out dependent upon our order entry, what it is, how strong it is. And we're not unaffected by the slowdowns and demand or the oversupply in the marketplace. So as you've seen, our operating rates in the second quarter had moderated. But in terms of -- what was the rest of your question? I'm sorry.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, I don't know. What demands out there remains to be seen. There are a lot of moving parts of scrap coming down, maybe going up, maybe staying stable. If you forecast [ph] what's going to happen there that can change in a couple of months' notice and how the domestic players actually continue to go forward on their capacity cutbacks, if they do, which can change as well. In general, the industry, the people who are operating their mills should benefit from the fact that some people have cut back or shut down completely as in the case of RG. Whether we actually pick up market share or not is tough to predict because the economy is still very weak overall, and there still is volume force to back them up. There's still a significant amount of tonnage coming in from overseas across most products. So in terms of how we look at the third quarter, we're probably looking at similar levels of our production to the second quarter.
Daniel R. DiMicco: And there's no doubt that we will and the industry is already making moves to deal with imports coming in, and we started talking about the kind of crisis you're talking about over in Asia to get them over here. They clearly would be dumped. And I think that will be dealt with if people are foolish enough to do that, which they historically seem to be. But the big thing, as John mentioned, is we've been growing our percentage of value-added business at our plate mills and changing our product mix at our plate mill in Tuscaloosa to be more plate versus coiled plate oriented that the product mix is working in our favor at the same time as there is definitely some softness in the pricing that's being created by the imports that have come in. And if they get out of hand, we'll have to maybe reevaluate where things are at. But right now, we're hopeful that we will be able to keep that from happening because of our proactive efforts in Washington and elsewhere. And we do have a very strong commercial program for dealing with imports and pricing product to be competitive against imports as they rear their heads. Of course, the other thing is, we do have scrap working on our favor as well, which benefits us in the plate area, as well as in other areas. Overall, demand in plate is still good. That's the key thing, and it's one of the stronger markets so it's a matter of the supply side and the product mix and how they move forward together.
Daniel R. DiMicco: As I mentioned a few minutes ago, Tony, that the volume side of the equation for the third quarter, we believe, will be similar to the second quarter overall. And as John said, we're going on a holiday month like July. The way things worked out, it's tough to draw conclusions just from that. It's more a sense of what's happening in the marketplace with the competition, and the overall order entry level is not out of balance one way or the other on average for our products. So as you know, we don't like to give short-term emphasis on what's going on, but we do have to talk about the quarter coming up and our general guidance as we see volumes holding their own.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Before you get to that, you asked me a good question. As Jim said, it's not going to be double where it was, but it is going to be...
Daniel R. DiMicco: Take it that, in general, you're correct. You'll be using a higher percentage of those types of product in your mix, but nowhere near 70%. But go ahead, keep going.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, listen, there's 2 ways for Nucor to grow, if I just take your overall supposition, okay? Number one, just because 62% of the electric furnace industry or the steel industry is dominated by 62% electric furnace, doesn't mean our growth in the electric furnaces can't take place and it doesn't have to take place just at the expense of the integrators. Secondly, listen, if there are electric furnace operations and integrated operations that still has serious competitive challenges in front of them and so the opportunity is for growth at Nucor into either 1 of those 2 categories, so you shouldn't just look at it like the only way we grow, all right, and hence, we're being limited is because so much of the issues are EAF-based.
Daniel R. DiMicco: So we can grow into both. As we've shown when we -- with the acquisitions that we made and the growth we've done between 2000 and 2010, all that took place on the EAF side.
Daniel R. DiMicco: No, were not targeting competitors per se. We're targeting markets, and our job is to go out and to win the customers' business because we're easy to do business with, we provide better quality product and at a lower cost, and they know we're going to be around for decades and decades to come where some of our competition is not going to be. So targeting is a bad way to put that and that's not the way it should be looked at. We're targeting markets for sure, not necessarily producers, but the markets, yes. And you have to keep in mind that our strategy does not involve just moving it to higher value-added products. It also involves improving our cost structures dramatically by moving into vertical integration backwards into raw materials and to increase our downstream business activities where profitability tends to be stronger with the acquisition making and the growth we're seeing in our downstream businesses. So I'm a little bit at a loss to follow the logic, they start out with about 62% EAF, 38% integrated, you got no place to grow.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, listen, we're a 25-million, 26-million-ton-a-year producer, okay? That's what our low-cost, high-quality produced, competitive modern equipment. We went from -- we doubled from where we were back in 2000. To double again, we'd be going to 50 million tons. That actually is theoretically possible. But certainly, it gets tougher to do the bigger you get, to grow about the same relative percentages. But we're far from being limited into profitable growth of the company, and there are still opportunities to grow our steel footprint significantly. John, you seem like you have a few things to say.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, listen, on that point on its own, Michael, you're absolutely right on. But as it relates to what we're doing and why we're doing it would be other sources of pig iron out there. We buy a lot of pig iron from all over the world, not just from the rainforests of Brazil. And our issue with respect to pig iron was not that it wasn't going to be available or be available at some globally competitive pricing, it's that the lead times required to buy pig iron from around the world strips the supply chain out 6 months, and we got caught in 2009 with a massive amount of pig iron purchased, which would have been fine under normal operating conditions. But in a 30% to 50% operating environment, it was a 3-year supply or more. We wanted to shorten that supply chain up on the raw materials side so, like we have with scrap, we have more control over it and we don't have to get into those kind of extended inventories and supply chains and commitments. And our original plan was to build a pig iron facility in Louisiana and that changed because of the natural gas situation and our experience at using high-quality DRI will ramp up the produce in Trinidad. So we really need to look at this whole integration back into the direct reduced iron business as a game changer for Nucor. Just as -- I know we need to move on because there's other questions, but keep in mind that Nucor's success over the years has been based upon a number of things. One of them is the combination of low cost, plenty available energy, low-cost plenty available raw materials and a very unique culture and how that was applied to technologies that other people weren't in a position to take advantage of or weren't willing to take the risk on. And over time, everything but the culture has lost some of its cost competitiveness. Now we're in a situation where we have an opportunity to strengthen both the raw material side in terms of costs day in and day out, year after year, and also on the energy side with the natural gas situation. And the direct reduced iron developments that we are putting forward here and moving forward will take advantage of both of those things and help us to reestablish a stronger competitive position against most of our competitors, not just here in the United States, but globally.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, there were so many imports that came in that got into people's inventories, got into the -- sitting in warehouses, at the ports. I mean, there was a huge, huge influx of imports including flat-rolled. It got to the point where people who were working at selling flat-rolled into our market, it's $520 a ton for goodness sakes, out of Russia. And we've taken some actions to stop that and we have. But all of that was having an impact on moving pricing down. At the same time, as the pricing started to go down because of the flood of imports, not because of the situation with oversupply from domestic producers here with new capacity that came on at the worst possible time, that pricing dropped down to the $600 level that you're referring to, started to cause people to have second thoughts not only about bringing steel in, but also about continuing to run their operations the way there were. Obviously, RG shut down. Obviously, ThyssenKrupp proved their point that they could get the mill to produce and then they put it up for sale. And so all of those things have worked to modify the supply side in a fairly steady demand environment, and that's why you see the opportunity for some slight moves in pricing right now. Whether they hold or not remains to be seen. Where they go to re-attract imports? The imports got so low in pricing that they were way below where it make any sense, that they were selling stuff to make a profit and were dumping the product. So it's hard to tell exactly how they will behave going forward. The fact that there's been some moderation on the domestic side is supporting, and we'll just have to see what happens with the imports. There's no doubt the world has slowed down. China has slowed down and they're still adding capacity, they're still trying to export around the world. None of that bodes well for any really strong moves in pricing. But hopefully, we'll see some things that allow us to get off the bottom.
Daniel R. DiMicco: A very highly specialized products that aren't normally distributed around the countries through the normal distribution chain.
Daniel R. DiMicco: First off, utilization rate is lower. That always drives up costs. He's asking about why our conversion costs were higher in second quarter than first quarter.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you. Again, I'd like to thank all of our teammates around the company for your efforts on working safely and helping us continue to be profitable in a very, very difficult environment. There's things that we have that are in our control. Our goal is to operate in those arenas as efficiently, as effectively and as safely as possible. There are some things that are outside our control, but are areas that we can have an influence on, and our goal there is to have the maximum influence as possible. And there are things that are outside of our control, and our goal there is to live with that and focus on the other 2. You've been doing a great job of that, and I want to thank you. And also, thanks to all the other parties listening. The questions were excellent, and thank you to our shareholders for your continued support and we will continue to reward you over time with strong returns that we've had all throughout the history of the company. Thank you very much.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, we reported in the past that about 10% of our sheet shipments have gone into the automotive. Frankly, those were numbers that we gave last year and it has increased since that time. It's higher today, and it continues to grow. As we continue to develop more value-added products, we'll continue to grow in that market. A good example of the investments that we're making to accomplish that is our project that we refer to as our wide light project at Berkeley. The 72-inch-wide sheet will give us more occupations in the automotive arena, as well as the vacuum tank degasser at our Hickman facility, which will give us a better portfolio of what we call deep-drawn steels and extreme deep-drawn steels, which are very, very commonly used in the automotive industry. Today, on the sheet side, we're in the neighborhood of about 12% to 13% of our shipments going into automotive, and I'll also point out that, that's -- we've talked about sheet, but our participation in automotive through the SBQ product has also grown tremendously as Memphis continues to come online with more and more qualifications going into automotive. I guess my last comment that I'll make about our participation in automotive is this. We sell product today to virtually every domestic and new domestic automotive company in production, and we are very proud of the fact that our team continues to grow in that very important market to us.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, there was definitely some product mix shift during the quarter. Also, frankly, in the quarter, we were challenged with some imports that have continued to flood into the country. That was a challenge for us. The fact that the overall pricing decreased is probably a function more of the overall economic conditions in the country. It's a challenge for us and as it is for all of our -- for the industry. So product mix, general economic conditions, imports, all are factors in the decrease.
John J. Ferriola: It's attributed to the great job that our commercial team does, so I want to thank them all for that. It is definitely a function of the fact that we are moving higher into the value-added products. And our whole focus on a commercial effort by moving into more value-added products and through our commercial excellence program has been to make us more sticky to the customer. When you're more sticky to the customer, it gives you greater pricing power, and those are some of the reasons why we fared better than the industry as a whole in the quarter.
John J. Ferriola: No, we're not going to disclose either of those. I just stated that over the 5 years, there wasn't a lot of -- variation was pretty steady. There wasn't a peak or value that was very pronounced. It was pretty steady.
John J. Ferriola: You hit the major points, Dan. Maybe just to talk in general about some of the other products. On the bars side, business has been pretty stable and we're challenged, as always, by imports, particularly on the rebar aside where imports during the last quarter and, frankly, through the first half of this year just surged up. But even with that surge, we've been holding our own and fairly stable, same with merchant plate. We're also seeing a surging of imports on the plate side, particularly the cut plate. But again, because of the work of our commercial team and the investments we have made at Hertford, both with the [indiscernible] line and the value-added products that were coming online for the vacuum tank degasser, we've been able to hold our own there and have a stable water entry right and a stable backlog.
John J. Ferriola: That was the point that I was going to add. We will see more of that impact as we go into the third quarter because of our inventory levels in our existing mills. So as it comes through the chain, as Dan pointed out, and into the mill, we'll see some of the benefit from that. One thing that we do watch as we watch the upflow of material across our scales at our yards to get some sense of what's happening going forward, and we have seen that slow down as a function of the decrease in pricing that Dan mentioned and also the extreme heat that we've gone through the last 6 weeks. So all of that we see as bringing some stability going forward into the market.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, a couple of comments on exports. We've had a lot of challenges in the export market. As you know, the situation in Europe, the currency. But despite that, our international team has just done an outstanding job. We exported about 11% of our product in the first quarter, and we maintained that percentage through the second quarter. So kudos to our international team. They've done a great job there despite a very challenging environment, and our export ratio has been stable.
John J. Ferriola: Well, certainly, we keep an eye on the imports and we'll take the appropriate action, both commercially and on the political perspective, if we see a surge -- if we see the surge continue unrestrained. In terms of why we feel fairly confident in our plate ability going forward, we talked about it several times. We have the value-added products that we're going to introduce to the market. We have a strong relationship with our customers. We've got a great reputation for quality, service and on-time delivery. And we keep them competitively priced. For those reasons, we feel that we will see stability going forward in our plate business.
John J. Ferriola: Well, we look at across all of our products on the order entry rates. As you pointed out, it's a difficult month to use as a guide because of the holiday and the way that it fell right in the middle of the week really messed up the order entry for that week. That said, we have seen some slowing through the month on pretty much across our product lines. But again, as we've said several times, we see, in most of our products, stability going forward in our backlog and in our order entry rates. So we're keeping an eye on it, again, and all the things we've talked about so far. We have to keep an eye on the imports, and we have to keep an eye on what's happening in the marketplace with demand and we'll act accordingly. But at this point, we see stability in most of our products. Dan alluded to the situation in plate that we have to keep an eye on with the pricing in Asia. We will do that. But right now, things look fairly stable.
John J. Ferriola: Let me just toss something out there. One way you could potentially look at this is to look at how our company's doing today in a marketplace where the construction is at its lowest level in, I don't know, 30, 40 years. Obviously, very challenged. And for our company, which has historically had a strong participation in construction, for us to be doing -- operating at the levels today with construction being so weak, it could give you some insight as to how things might look when construction inevitably returns.
John J. Ferriola: I'm kind of just chuckling a little bit because you used the term game changer when we spoke of what we did in 1990. It was the thin strip casting technology and I would suggest to you I used the word game changer in reference to our raw material strategy and what we're doing on that front. And we believe that that's going to be the next step for us, DRI and our entire raw material strategy. What we've accomplished in Trinidad, in increasing the quality and productivity of the DRI production in Trinidad, we're confident we'll be able to duplicate in Louisiana. That's going to give us an advantage in all of the products that you mentioned. That's going to allow us to continue to move further off the value-added chain, higher quality products, higher quality scrap substitutes, deal with the potential issues that you're alluding to on the scrap side because of the increase in the electric arc furnace capacity entrenchment. So that's one of the reasons you'll hear us focusing, and we've been focusing now for over 5 years on a raw material strategy. We saw these issues you're bringing up today 5, 6, 7 years ago and began preparing for them. And we're well down that road in being ready for that situation you're alluding to. So yes, I recognize all of your points and I see them as positives for our company.
John J. Ferriola: The only thing I would say is it is larger than our facility in Trinidad so I don't see that as a negative, but it is something that we will keep an eye on. And you asked if there's anything we'll be focusing on, that definitely will be larger, so we want to make sure that we understand the impact of the scale change.
John J. Ferriola: I think I will just add, you use the word service center. It's clearly not a service center. It's a distributor, and that's the significant difference.
John J. Ferriola: The utilization rate was down, that was a factor. We saw -- as you know, we saw scraps start to move down towards the second part of the quarter. There's a lag time on that also.
James D. Frias: No, we're not going to break that out specifically yet. We don't have that isolated. We're still working on the allocation of the purchase price to the assets.
James D. Frias: Mike, this is Jim Frias. We can't give you a specific number, but it is significant. I don't know if it -- it's probably not a doubling, but it's a significant improvement.
James D. Frias: Yes. I wanted to note, Michael, that the DRI facilities are not cost centers. They're profit centers. And they have the ability and they are, today, historically achieving profits per ton in the same range as what steel mills can in a strong market that will be even more expanded. In the summer of 2008, our Trinidad DRI facility was making extremely strong margins because of how high the alternative fine scrap and pig iron purchase options work. So they are the profit centers, they make a big return in strong markets.
James D. Frias: And Brian, one other point is the facility in Trinidad was used. It had been idle for a while, and there were problems with it that we fixed initially. And then we stumbled on new problems as we operated it. And so there's going to be a lower risk of those kind of interruptions. Remember, we had to do the former crude replacement, I think, a year or so ago. So it's going to be better that we're operating it from day 1 and taking care of it from day 1 versus buying something that was idled and operated probably not as well as we would take care of something.
James D. Frias: Pretty quick, like months. And that's what we experienced in Trinidad quite honestly. You got the full capacity with all the issues of having used equipment fairly quickly.
James D. Frias: The only thing I would add is plate had the smallest reduction in sales tons shipped and so that's one of our more value-added products that we manufacture. So that probably ends up weighting the average cost up somewhat as well.
Michael F. Gambardella: That you'll like first, all right. So you made some comments early in your comments about how much money you've invested in growing the earnings base of the company. And obviously, that's hard to see right now. But if we were to take pricing back in the volume levels back in the '06 to '08 period...
Michael F. Gambardella: Okay, okay. So back in 1990, the electric arc percent of total production in the U.S. was 37% and you had just introduced a new technology, thin slab casting, that basically got you into the flat-rolled markets, which doubled the potential size of your market. Today, electric arc furnace is about 62% of total U.S. production. So kind of the easy pickings, and most of your competitors that were easy to pick off back in the '90s and early 2000s have gone through bankruptcy, restructured their costs and there's also -- to go from 62% electric furnace, you can go higher, obviously, in the industry, but you're getting to a point where you need to put higher iron units in the product to make it applicable to the end markets. Say, in automotive, for exposed auto parts, yes, you can make exposed auto parts in the electric furnace, but you're probably going to have to use pig iron or DRI up around 75%, 80%.
Michael F. Gambardella: So I guess what I'm saying is, with electric furnace already at 62% in the U.S. of total production, and the other competitors on the integrated side that you had picked off pretty easily in the '90s and they've gone through bankruptcy, they've restructured. Certainly, they don't have the cost structure you do. But are you getting to a saturation point, is what I'm saying.
Michael F. Gambardella: No, obviously, you've added a lot of earnings capability, but just in terms of just volume penetration.
Michael F. Gambardella: It's not you have no place to grow. But the places to grow on volume are shrinking compared to where they were in '90.
Michael F. Gambardella: No, the game changer on thin slab got you into a totally new market that was basically double the size of your market going from long products to long and flat. The DRI, I understand the logic. I wouldn't call it a game changer for DRI because I'd call it more of a defensive strategy because you're getting most of your pure scrap substitute pig iron from Brazil that was basically tearing down the rainforests to use charcoal, and that's not a sustainable source. That's why you're putting the DRI in. So that, to me, is kind of a breakthrough. It helps you tremendously, but it's not as big of a breakthrough as thin slab was, in my opinion.
Michael F. Gambardella: Well, that was my point, that the traditional Brazilian source pig iron is going to get more and more expensive because it's not a sustainable supply. They rip down the rainforest.
