Leon Topalian: Yes, Curt, I’ll kick it off, and if there is any other comments for our team. I’ll certainly let them jump in and thank you for the condolences regarding our team number. As we’ve mentioned for decades now, the health, safety and well-being of our 32,000 Nucor team member family is the greatest responsibility we all bear each and every day. They are the ones that are delivering every result we’re about to talk about. So again, thank you for acknowledging that. It’s interesting. There is a lot of talk about new capacity, particularly in the sheet. And we get a lot of questions, Curt, as you know, around well, as we think about new market entrants or increased demand won’t that flattening of the cost curve change the profile and earnings. And what I would point to is what you really asked about is the longs as we look at structural and while we don’t break out the individual structural mill Nucor-Yamato were Berkley being on the financial performance or the individual rebar mills. I would tell you the performance of our long products divisions has been incredible from a financial result. They are generating incredible returns for our company. Nucor-Yamato is operating at a much higher utilization rate. And so over the last 2 or 3 years and they have been 10 prior, I think prior to the pandemic our average utilization rate at NYS, for example, is in the upper 60s to low 70s that shifted much higher to the mid to upper 70s, low 80s. So that flow through and that run rate is generating great returns. So I would tell you, the outlook and continued demand for our structural products and loan products remains pretty optimistic. Again, we’ve seen incredibly consistent returns in our longest products divisions and groups that we think will continue into 2024.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Curt, that’s a lot to unpack in there. What I would tell you on the macro, and I’ll let Brad Ford share a little bit more of the details, could be more proud of how our products groups and teams and divisions have performed over the last several years. The non-res sector of our economy has remained incredibly resilient. We had 10 straight quarters over $1 billion earned in that business on the downstream side of our portfolio. And while it was a little bit under that for Q4 of ‘23, its continuing performance is strong. We’re seeing order entry rates that are strong. As we move into Q1, we see that moving upwards. I’m not going to get detailed on the margins, but we see that improving. And so Brad, maybe provide a little bit more context to what we’re seeing as we enter 2024.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Timna, I’ll kick it off and then let Steve. So I’ll begin with the second part of your question, which, again, obviously, the proxies have Nucor took a hard look at some of the select assets within the U.S. Steel portfolio. But at the end of the day, we’re not going to overpay for any assets. We’re going to continue to be very discipline and how we thing about growth. Some of the cash generated was just stronger results and stronger shipments and some pricing and flow through that we didn’t fully anticipate. But I would tell you again from my perspective, we continue to remain an incredibly undervalued stock as we think about the growth metrics that have already shared won’t repeat again, but at 7.5x EBITDA, I think we are a great value in terms of the things that we’re doing in producing. In regards of who ends up owning U.S. fields assets, Nucor today’s market cap is larger than the next three largest combined steel companies in North America. We are the industry leader. And so again, as we look at our strategy and our growth we’re going to be incredibly disciplined in making sure that the investments we make in our core and expand beyond are delivering the results our shareholders expect. And then they expand beyond particularly that it’s providing some insulation to the traditional sickle county of steel that we’re looking for the steel adjacent downstream businesses that, again, operate a little countercyclical to what we’re seeing in steel and we’re seeing those, again, manifest themselves for CHI, the megatrends that we’re seeing in towers and structures and some of the other businesses that we’ve acquired over the last 3 or 4 years.
Leon Topalian: Okay. Yes, I’ll provide some of – high level. What I would tell you in the last 3 or 4 months of 2023, the team has executed incredibly well. We have seen daily, weekly, monthly production records set at that facility. They are – have realized the full run rate potential of that mill and now are operating at an extremely high level. So, they have turned – more than turned in the quarter and again, are producing at or near run rate capabilities, and we will continue that as we move into 2024.
Leon Topalian: Tristan, I will kick it off and certainly let Steve Laxton and share any additional comments. But if you – as you look at our M&A pipeline, you think about our strategy. As we think about growing the core, expanding beyond, what we said is roughly we expect over the next 5 years, 6 years, that we would begin to generate about 20% to 25% of our overall revenues through expand beyond businesses. So, we are moving to that. So, it sort of gives you a rough breakdown to where you are going to see us continue to think about growth, where we are going to continue to channel our capital dollars. Regarding the geography, I would tell you, it’s probably a safe bet that Nucor is going to stay in North America though that’s the sector this economy that we know the best, where we have the most advantages to use the strength of Nucor from our culture, our team, our conversion model and understanding. As the market leader in 12 of the 14 major steel market and categories, we have been in business a long time. We understand the boundaries around this industry, and we also understand our customers and where they are wanting to go. We are making investments not for our benefits. We are making investments not to be the largest by volume. We are being disciplined in those investments to create capability sets that our customers continue to grow their businesses and continue to flourish.
Leon Topalian: And then, Curt, your last question on the exploration in the Pacific Northwest. What I would tell you is, we are doing just that. Again, it’s a market we have been in for two decades. Our team in Seattle continues to do an incredible job. And again, we are going to continue to evaluate that market, recognizing the customers that we serve in that market. And where does that most make sense and stay tuned.
Leon Topalian: In closing, I just want to say thank you to our Nucor team members for another great year in 2023 as we begin ‘24, let’s make sure we take care of our most important value the health, safety and well-being of our Nucor family. Thank you to our customers for the trust you place in us with each and every order and thank you to our shareholders for the valuable capital that you entrust us with each and every day. Have a great day.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Katja, just to add on to what Leon said, a lot of those projects are still ahead of us. If you look at some of the biggest ones in our company’s history like West Virginia, those are only in the early stages of their product life. So they haven’t even started to contribute. And in terms of our Expand Beyond investments, we told you that we felt confident those investments would hit $700 million in EBITDA. And we still – we would reaffirm that today and tell you we feel very confident we will hit 700 of their run rates at the end there. So there is still more to come on that. And likely unsaid, cycles go where they go, but we’re continuing to execute on our business on all fronts.
Steve Laxton: Hey, Timna, this is Steve. I’ll just add to what Leon said that we don’t – we have such a good opportunity in front of us. And you highlight us the areas that we think about growth. So we’re always going to keep enough liquidity to move on the things we need to move on. And we also highlighted that we will spend around $3.5 billion in CapEx in this year. So that’s a higher rate than our historic averages. Despite that, we will and we will – Leon highlighted this one, too. We still feel like our stock is a good buy here. So you’ll see us at a higher pace for share buybacks in Q1 than we did last year.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Curt, this is Steve. The $3.5 billion projection is our expectation for 2024. And I think if you are trying to extrapolate what future years are going to be, some of those projects like West Virginia are going to push our capital spending into ‘25 higher than historic averages. But likely, if you are potentially not something, it’s probably below that $3.5 billion, if you are trying to look for a direction, but north of $3 billion, if I would guess. And in terms of when West Virginia is completed, it will be in 2026. So, that’s a project that will keep going for some time for us.
Al Behr: Yes, Katja, this is Al Behr. That’s still our number for 2024. I would expect to be there or north of it. I’m just super proud of that team on how they have worked through the ramp-up there. We continue to be focused on the new part of the market that we can’t service out of our existing portfolio, and we remain mindful of the returns we generate through there at Herbert and Tuscaloosa that contributed to the strong results you see in front of you, and we want to add to that out of Brandenburg. So we’re going to continue that thoughtful process, but Q4 was a meaningful productive quarter for that team. We continue to set new standards. We shipped another Nucor first of 120-foot long plates to a bridge fabricator, 30 tons a piece. We ship them by truck and by rail. So these are the kinds of things that we will be able to do on a Brandenburg that’s never been done before by Nucor or perhaps the rest of the industry, and we’re just excited as we roll into this year. But that remains our number, and we’re confident in that.
Al Behr: Yes. Thanks Bill. This is Al Behr again, I will comment on the plates stuff. We did have an increase year-over-year in shipments by 11% and part of that is, of course, Brandenburg. But just speaking about the plate market overall, I would say we are reasonably optimistic. I mean there is areas of weakness that get some headlines and higher interest rates, are a compressive force when it comes to vertical construction where plate is used. But there is plenty of bright spots in other areas like power transmission and railcar manufacturing. Heavy equipment is still strong. It’s probably declining, but it’s still strong and a good pull-through for us. So – and then of course, you have got the bridge and highway tons that are mostly yet to come, and that will come for years in the future. So, our Skyline business that Brad mentioned pulls a lot of plate tons through almost all of their work is infrastructure related, not just bridge and highway, but many other types of projects. So, our view is not that the plate market is going to be wildly robust, but it’s going to remain pretty steady and has plenty of tailwinds to offset some of the other forces working against us.
Al Behr: Sure, Martin. Hey. This is Al Behr again. I will start with plate, so year-over-year growth, but you see same quarter year-over-year, we took a step back. A lot of that is just we are not going to chase cheap tons. And in Q4, we had some of the imports come in, and those spreads just got to be where we are not going to load our books with tons that aren’t profitable and aren’t going to drive returns for us. So, I think that will change as we move forward, and I spoke to our outlook for 2024 in plate. In beams, you saw a really great quarter of beams. Part of that speaks to the resiliency of the market and Brad spoke to that, and we have spoke to that. It just remains a resilient market, and there is plenty of areas of strength where we can go and compete and win and you see that. But part of that is also the breadth of Nucor’s portfolio. And some of those tons, you see in the beam group are tons to our downstream customers, Skyline being one of them, that won some nice projects and you will see them ship those tons through the first half to say, convert and perform. So, there is just always – Nucor’s success is a multilayered story. There is always a cylinder firing. And the numbers that you see, I think just reflect that, especially on the beams side.
Al Behr: Yes. Tristan, Al again. Is your question primarily just around that heavy equipment piece? I want to make sure I get that right.
