John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start with the overall markets. The pundits are still saying that they expect a 7% to 8% increase in non-res this year over last year. We think that number is a little bit optimistic. We see it close to be being around 5% to 6% this year in non-residential construction. As far as our downstream businesses go, we're seeing some very positive things. Our backlogs are stronger than they have ever been. Frankly, the pricing of the products in our backlog are stronger than we've seen in quite some time. So, although we see things over the course of the year slowing a little bit more compared to last year, was still pretty optimistic about non-residential construction and our downstream businesses going into it.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me respond in general, we think that there's tremendous upside, I won't compare it to any of our competitors, but for us, we are very optimistic about potential upside. We're very positive about the language in the legislation. Clearly gives us much stronger tools to fight back against unfair trade. Just to mention maybe a couple of the things that it does for us, number one is it changes the definition of injury, it gives the International Trade Commission, a much broader list of factors when determining whether an industry has been injured, not just profitability, that's important. It will no longer be necessary for us to suffer severe financial damage before action can be taken. Another provision enhances the commerce's department – excuse me, the commerce department's discretion in dealing with foreign companies and foreign governments that are un-corporative or very slow to provide the information they need to make a determination. So although I have to say that this is a very positive first step, there is more work to be done. And we believe that this will create a much more balanced and fair marketplace competition here in the United States, but there is still work to be done. So we will continue to work in Washington with our elected officials and continue to press for even stronger trade laws in the future.
John J. Ferriola: Well, Trinidad will do better. As you mentioned, we won't have the shut down there. In the case of Louisiana, it will probably be towards the end of the third quarter by the time we work through all of the high priced inventory and the reason that it might be the same, even with the improvement in Trinidad is that we won't see the same impact as we did with the $10 million payment on a vendor liability.
John J. Ferriola: Now, frankly just the opposite. As we go forward and we press for any potential cases that we might file in the future, what will happen is the new law will apply to them. So it will not cause delays. If anything, just the opposite will happen. Now the countries that we would potentially file against will be required to submit the data faster. They will not have the same list of reasons for not getting the data in, in a timely manner. And as we look at the pressing the point of whether there was an injury or not, there's a different set of guidelines that will be used. So certainly this will not cause any delay. If anything we expect it to speed up the process in cases that we press in the future.
John J. Ferriola: Well, let me start by saying that we're not going to comment on what the outcome will be in Washington. We will work hard with our elected officials to get an outcome that's favorable to the industry. Beyond that, I don't want to say too much. It's an ongoing phase. We don't want to say too much about that at this point.
John J. Ferriola: Well, remember as you factor in your AFL, think about the fact that we buy iron ore on a contract basis and then we pay for the previous quarter, but there is always a one-quarter delay between what you're seeing going through the furnace and what you'd purchased. Always make sure you put that time delay in there as you go forward. We use about 4 million tons a year, so in terms of keeping the inventory on the ground, we probably have maybe one month.
John J. Ferriola: Well, you are exactly right. It gives us the ability to switch back and forth in which area we want to press, whether it's in scrap or whether it's in DRI, depending upon what the cost of the iron unit is. At the end of the day, an iron unit is an iron unit. What it does is it gives us the ` to change and modify our feedstock mix, so that we can optimize our mix base upon current pricing in the different commodities. It gives us a lot of flexibility. We have pig iron out there, now we have HBI which gives us DRI. We have scrap that's under our control. So we have a lot of flexibility, but we'll drive the decision on where we're focusing is the price of the iron unit in each one of those areas.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I can tell you that it's underlying demand in the United States it's very, very strong, but that's not the issue. The issue isn't demand, it's on the supply side. And the fact that the imports are coming in so heavy, which I'm sure you know Timna they captured about 32% of the steel market today and although that we're looking at – again, I'm talking about the whole market there. Although we're looking at demand levels that are probably just about the same as last year, the import level has gone up from 27% to about 32% to 33%. So demand is not the issue. Demand is strong, but imports are taking a much bigger bite out of our potential long product business. When I talk about 32% to 33%, that's across all of our products. When you look at – you mentioned beams specifically, so I'll comment on that. Imports are up 33% in beams year-over-year. That's a huge increase. So the short answer to your question, demand is strong. We see good demand. We believe it will grow moderately throughout the rest of the year. The issue is not the imports – and I stress the issue is actually not the imports, the issue is illegally unfairly traded imports.
John J. Ferriola: I would say that our first goal is always to invest to grow our business. Now we believe that there's still a lot of opportunity to do that, and we would focus on areas that brought value-added higher margin products, investments that we've made similar to what we did at Hertford County with the heat treat and the normalizing line. Investments that we've made in SBQ, investments that we made at Berkeley with the wildlife project, the investments that we made with the wider piling sections, and all of these cases were at focusing on investments on higher margin products that are also more important resistant. Although we're taking it light, we feel good about the action that's being taken in Washington to fade off these illegally traded products. The focus that we have is to continue to work to better insulate Nucor from that flood of imports and the way to do that is to focus on those value-added products. A great example that I can give you, Timna, is all the work that we're doing on our advanced high-strengths steels that go into the automotive market. I mentioned how we've gone in that over the last couple of years. As a product because of the quality requirements and because of the just in time delivery requirements, that's not easily imported. So that's an area of focus for us. I'd also like to speak a little bit more about the continued investment in lowering our total cost of production. You mentioned that I referenced that our DRI production, given the current environment, is not as attractive as we thought it might have been at one point. But I do want to point out that it's still attractive. If you take a look, the issue we're working on right through is the short time, but we have this iron ore that's higher price. But if you took a look at the cost of our – our conversion cost today and you apply the market price to iron units coming out of iron ore today, our all-in costs will be under what we would have to be paying for other forms of low residual products like pig iron and prime scrap. So it's still valuable investment. The question is whether it's a good investment or whether it's a great investment. In today's pricing environment, it's a good investment. In tough pricing environment of iron units where we were a year-and-a-half ago, it would be a great investment. And trust me, given the cyclical nature of our business, it will be a great investment again in the future. So I wanted to be clear of that so that, should we move forward with investing further in some form of DRI or blast furnace projects, everyone understands that we had a short term issue, we're dealing with it, it will pass; long term, we still believe very strongly in this strategy. At the end of the day, we look at it this way. The amount of iron ore in the world is virtually unlimited. The amount of scrap in the world is much more limited and we can generate more iron ore by reinvesting in extraction techniques. It's tough to generate more scrap and we see that – frankly, we see the amount of scrap being generated in United States has declined.
John J. Ferriola: We always look at all options. And we look at the potential investments that we can make in our business and if we believe that they're good investments to make and how we believe that they bring long-term earnings to our shareholders that's the direction we'll take. On the other hand, if we don't see them out there, we will consider all other options.
John J. Ferriola: Well, there's several things. Certainly that would help. It's also the issue of allowing the inventories in our warehouses continue to come down. It's a function that you look at our business in where was our product going? How those markets performed? Obviously, we talked about our increased participation in the automotive market and that's a strong market. We talked about non-residential construction and clearly lot of all of our products, including sheet were going to non-residential construction and we see that picking up. But on the other hand, we also have a lot of products that goes into oil-related products such as OCTG and that's obviously struggling right now, we don't see that changing for the rest of the year. So, we see some of the markets that we sell into – our sheet products into as continuing to get better and we see others that will continue to struggle. But overall as we look at the third quarter and fourth quarter, what we could put into that, another 20% to 25%, whether we'll be able to do that will be a function of what happens and how quickly it happens with trade cases, or potential trade cases on hot-rolled and on cold-rolled products, how quickly that impacts the imports coming in. That, of course, will also help drive how quickly the warehouse inventories deplete. But at the end of the day, I will say that I believe that we will be making more and more progress against imports. I feel really good about this recent legislation and the impact that's going to have short-term and long-term in our business. And so, as I look forward to the rest of the year, we do have, as a company, we're heavily weighted on the hot band side. Sometimes that's a real advantage, sometimes it's not. Right now we're in markets where that's not advantage but that will turn around also. So I feel good about where we're going, I feel good about the import situation and the impact that'll have on the markets.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I would have to almost answer that on a product-by-product basis. I mean, if we were to look at automotive, we think that we will pick up some market share in automotive. In construction, we feel good about our ability to pick up 2%, 3%, 4% in construction. And as I mentioned earlier, in some of our other markets, we think they'll continue to struggle.
John J. Ferriola: I'm just kidding, but listen, we continuously work against all of our competitors both scrap-based and integrated. I don't want to make any comments in particular against any one of our competitors.
John J. Ferriola: We don't comment on any potential merger or acquisition activity that we're involved in. As a general statement – this has been a long tough period for the industry and in the past, based on historical reference points, we see consolidation occur when you've gone through these tough times. So as a general statement it's possible but i'm not going to make any more comments than that.
John J. Ferriola: It was a little bit of both to be honest with you. Demand was up a little bit, also mix came into play. As we mentioned, our new filing sections were involved. So mix had something, certainly had a role to play in it. The demand was up a little bit also.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I'll start with that one. I think that going into the – we're kind of bearish on scrap prices going forward. We think that into the third quarter, it will – if we say, sideways with some downward pressure. So it will either be down a little bit or sideways, but we think probably down a little bit going into the third quarter. In terms of your first question, I don't think there is a numerical floor as such, but certainly as pricing goes down, again depending on the time of the year also. If it was winter and pricing is going down, a little harder to go out in the field and start tearing apart that old tractor and scrapping it, but in the summer time, nice weather, pricing goes down a little bit, but we don't see any major impact on the flows in our yards, and we don't expect to see it going forward.
John J. Ferriola: Well, there certainly is a way, and it's actually happening today, and that is other countries react much quickly to the flood of imports than we do, and they apply the appropriate tariffs and duties in a much quicker manner. So it's not a case of whether or not there is going to be product substitution going on and where that end up going. They have learned the lesson of what's been going on, and they're reacting quicker. The recent legislation is going to give us not quite the same speed, but it is going to improve our ability to deal with that issue by dealing more quickly with each product as it comes out. And ultimately there are mechanisms in the world and if we find this to be a problem that spreads across all products in any one particular country or across group of countries that we might be able to take the action. It's much harder to pursue that type of action, but we've been successful with it in the past. I'm sure you're familiar with it, it's the – we refer it as the 201. And should the problem become so obvious that countries are employing the concept of product substitution or country substitution, we would not hesitate to go down that path again in the future.
John J. Ferriola: Certainly it's a challenging situation, the imports, and one that we recognize as probably the largest – it's the largest challenge our industry faces, but again I'm going to stress, I feel good about the action, I mentioned this couple of calls ago, that I felt better about what was happening in the Washington than I've had in the past 20 years of my steel career and I feel even better today than I did two calls ago.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. Well, we believe that we can get the utilization rate up another 5%, maybe 7% or 8% and certainly that's going to have an impact on our costs, but there's also other areas that we believe we can improve – to improve our overall cost structure. One is yield, obviously, and we're focused on that. We have just installed and started up a briquetter, which will take some of the waste product from the path and turn into briquette that we can feed back into the furnace, we believe that will have a significant impact on the yields going forward. So in addition to getting the utilization up, we're confident that we can continue to work down our conversion costs by improving operation, that something Nucor has always been very good at and I'm sure that our team will be able to accomplish the same results in that facility.
John J. Ferriola: Well, I might be the eternal optimist, but I do believe that in China they are beginning to understand that too much of a good thing is not such a good thing. I believe that they are starting to see that they do have too much capacity, we're hearing a little bit about some potential capacity cut-backs there, it's being driven by economics, is also being driven by environmental concern that are very real. So long-term, I do think that you're going to see some capacity reduction in China. Here in the States it's impossible for me to say what's going to happen in the way of closures going forward. But in a world where there's over-capacity sooner or later, there will be those players who cannot survive and that will happen. The key here is to remember that, Nucor has always been a low cost producer of steel and steel products. And that's where we – that's all okay, that's where we are really – that's where we shine. So at the end of the day, if there is potential closures here in the United States or somewhere else around the world, this (58:51) I can assure you. One of the names of the places closing will not be Nucor. We'll be in business. So it's hard for me to comment on who will close or how much will close, but I can assure is this and my teammates can assure that, we won't be one of the one that will be closing .
John J. Ferriola: Thank you. Let me conclude by saying as I always do, thank you to our shareholders, we appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We really appreciate your business. And I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders, and building a sustainable future for all of us. And as always, most importantly, thank you all for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James D. Frias: The difference between the higher cost iron ore and the lower cost inventory and this is (47:11) delivered all-in is about $30 ton, $35 a ton.
James D. Frias: Yeah, we believe if the iron ore situation were passed right now based on the volumes we're running at in the month of – at the end of the quarter, that they would have been cash breakeven then. So clearly by the end of this year they will be cash breakeven and cash positive.
James D. Frias: This is Jim Frias. We're in a very cyclical business and making predictions about 2016 is very challenging. So our comment would be that's within the range of possibilities, but we'll have to wait and see.
