Jim Frias: Yes, little more assuming, $25 million LIFO credit for the year, and obviously if metal prices fall as dramatically as we think they could we will end up having a larger credit, just bigger advance but we’re going to start the year off looking -- I think it comes to $6.5 million in expense in first quarter for a 25 million annualized base.
Jim Frias: Luke as John has explained, we tend to have scrap in the ground and so when we made the forecast we are assuming that the benefit of foreign scrap price because we don’t know if it’s going to fully come through in February or late in the March that will just start to see some of the benefit in March and so if we see it sooner, our results could be better. But our forecast probably is a big concern in terms of we seeking any benefit from scrap prices if that helps. We will like here to specific numbers and I frankly don’t have that it’s a bottoms up forecast for every business unit, individually making a forecast.
Jim Frias: Other than the pipe and tube that's oil and gas related, the rest of the markets are okay. Now certainly there's a lot of doubt about what’s going to happen, both on pricing, but I think more particularly on what the customers view might happen with scrap pricing which is why I am once again emphasizing that it’s an unusual event where we are going to see scrap pricing following steel pricing down, typically it’s reversed. This time because of the pressure from imports and from our competition that is ore based, we are seeing the inverse effect take place. Steel pricing has gone down before scrap pricing. We believe that quite, as I mentioned scrap pricing will follow it down and it will happen pretty quickly and pretty dramatically, but again it is following the steel pricing down. Not the other way around. And I think our customers understand that and so as they are not expecting large price decreases as scrap continues to rebound because we've already seen the impact of that on our pricing. One other, important that I mention, in terms of just booking as a general statement. We talked about imports being high and although we’ve been successful in some of our trade cases on rebar and hot-rolled coil and wire rod, there's still a lot of imported steel that's in inventory that is impacting our order book. We’ll see that from the next couple of months.
Jim Frias: If that may the equation, it’s going to be good for us but something that’s very difficult to get through the system. So I really don't want to do answer it on this call but I'd be happy to talk to you afterwards.
Jim Frias: Yeah. There is a small backlog that we are working all the way through. We are working with our customers. We understand the situation that they face and the inventory problems that they're looking at. So, we've been working with them on that. As I said before, we've seen significant drop in the orders for our flat-rolled product going into oil and gas. Our other markets remained very strong. Heavy truck is still looking very good. Automotive is still looking very good. So, there are areas where we feel confident that our order book remains strong. We have seen a significant drop in our orders for specifically pipe and tube that goes into the energy markets.
John Ferriola: The vast majority of the horizontal sheet products are about three quarters of our shipments not of sheet products maybe 75% to 80% of a small amount that comes out of SBQ. As I mentioned we've seen a significant adjustment by our customers to produce it, pipe and tube that's into the oil business. They are adjusting their inventories and we will see an impact upon our order book. But I do want to stress as I mentioned several times in the script, the investments that we’ve made over the last several years in diversifying our products and our markets will help us get through this period. Just as one of [indiscernible] of information when you look at just in 2014 is about 700,000 tonnes of products that is either new or value-added product or product we can now supply into markets and we could not supply into previous to these investments. So although we’re going to be taking a hit on the oil and gas, no doubt about it, 10% of our shipments are linked to that. We believe that through the investments that we've made in diversifying our products will mitigate that impact. I'll also stress as I mentioned in the script that 50% of oil products go into non-residential construction and we expect to see continued improvement in that market.
John Ferriola: I am not going to answer that specifically. I will say that like a general statement that we will be proactive, and we will be aggressive. The level of import is infringing at which absolutely ridiculous levels, and we believe that there's a potential for action coming up. We're monitoring the situation very closely, and that we will be aggressive. We look back at the last couple of cases and the success. And we’ve had all those cases. We had the rebar case against Mexico. We were very successful in that case, and we saw rebar imports from Mexico reduced by about 70%. We've seen wire rod, the case against China, result in virtually eliminating the Chinese wire rod from the US market. And finally I would mention the suspension agreement, the elimination of suspension agreement for hot rolled coil, against Russia. And we’re seeing significant, and we anticipate continuing to see significant reductions in Russian hot rolled coil coming into the country. So based upon those recent successes, we’ve got pretty good about our chances going forward. I am going to leave with that. We’ll monitor it closely. We will be aggressive and we will be proactive in pursuing cases when it is appropriate.
John Ferriola: I would mention, as we mentioned several times in past calls, automotive. We’re looking at about 10% of our automotive qualified steels will go in today, 10% of our steels that are qualified steels will go in today, 10% of our steels that are qualified going to automotive. We're shipping into that sector. If we look at our total tonnage, about 5% of that will be going for automotive today. Usually we don’t normally count structural steel beams and not much of that will be going to the automotives. We don’t factor that in. But if you look at what is possibly going to automotive, we’re shipping about 10% of that flat-rolled SBQ into automotive today. SBQ has just picked up a little bit in SBQ over the last year. It might have bumped up about 11%. But again, flat steel represents the vast majority of product that we're putting into automotive factory.
John Ferriola: We could continue to postpone it as long as we and our partner Encana agree to do that. And as we've mentioned several times we have a great relationship with and we constantly communicate with them. We made a decision this year to suspend drilling other than the few wells that are necessary to maintain the results. And we will take a look at the situation again during the course of the year. If we should see a sudden increase, sporadical increase in pricing, we'll begin drilling and if we don’t we will suspend it again. The key thing to remember about this agreement is that the gas is in the ground. It’s not evaporating. It’s not going anywhere. It’s there waiting for the right, the optimum opportunities for us to take it out of the ground.
John Ferriola: We are partially hedged for gas. It's a percentage of production at the Louisiana plant, which we're using, obviously at our Steel Mills that are operating.Q – Sal Tharani – Goldman Sachs: Great. I'll get back in the line with some more questions. Thank you.
John Ferriola: I'm not going to give specific numbers, but I will say that they are down significantly and we expect that and we’re reacting properly to it. But I'm not going to give obviously any specific numbers. Our competitors would love to hear that number.
John Ferriola: I don’t know. I apologize, but I've got to correct you right off of the bat. It's true that about half of their product is the pipe and tube. But the vast majority of that goes into structural tubing and we’re about 10% of Gallatin products, shipments going to energy related pipe and tube, which is similar to our number here in Nucor.
John Ferriola: Well, it's hard to predict how long this is going to last. That's somewhat of a function of how long and how deep the oil pricing situation goes on. And you get all kinds of predictions on that. It’s frankly, as far as I'm concerned, if anyone guesses at this point and entirely up to the producers and how much oil they start pumping out of the ground. But currently, if we were to remain at today’s levels of oil pricing, and we look at the inventories we will be looking at probably around six to seven or eight months of inventory on the ground at today’s usage. Now having said that, there is always a stop to a system when something has a radical change and we see that happening today. Big change people throughout the entire supply chain are caught with inventory on hands, it’s a radical, it’s a major change, major reduction in the orders. Even then there will be a period of time when all of this works out and starts flushing through. And we'll begin to see the orders for pipe and tube going to energy returning to a new normal level, albeit less than where it was. But there will be some level greater than wordings today, but less than where it was a year ago. The other thing that I would mention about that is that you asked about shutting off, reducing our capacity. As you know, Timna, our furnaces are extremely flexible. We make that decision on a weekly basis. We want our mills to fill orders and giving our wearable cost structure and the flexible schedules that we have we can react extremely quickly that any changes whether or not we see some improvement in that energy market quicker than we anticipated or whether we see enough tick in one or the other markets we stand ready to be very quick in responding to any changes in the market. Again when you compare our operations to those of the blast furnace, clearly once you shutdown a blast furnace it's down for awhile and we have much greater flexibility. We don’t need to shutdown an EAF. We can simply skip a couple of heat, so skip a couple of shift and come back in a couple of days if we see the order book warranting that.
John Ferriola: We haven’t seen much of an impact on either the plate or the SBQ markets. Now certainly there is some small amount, but a lot of our plate that goes into what we would call energy might go in to wind towers and other applications that really are impacting this heavily by the oil price going down. Because I mentioned earlier SBQ does, so a little bit into that. It’s been growing. We've been focused on that as a growth area, but it's not that heavy for us. When we see the bigger impact frankly, on our order book in both SBQ and, particularly in plates is due to the imports. So we see some impact due to the oil pricing but frankly a larger impact due to imports.
John Ferriola: Timna, one more thing that I might mention that, you mentioned specifically about the plate market. When you think about some of the infrastructure, although it's coming way too slowly, there are some infrastructure repairs being made particularly in the bridge. And there's a couple bridges going on. Some bridge fabrication, bridge repair and our plate business is doing well in that area. So we’re seeing some pickup in our plate order book as a result of general infrastructure and particularly bridge fabrication.
John Ferriola: I’ll say that we have seen the worst of the times relative to opposition because we do believe scrap is coming down. I will point out that we fared a little bit better on our cost side relative to most of EAF-based competitors because of our DRI situation. We call that with the iron ore pricing going down, our DRI cost of production has been going down also. And so we've seen benefit at our Trinidad facility and we will see a benefit as our Louisiana facility comes back into line. So, yes, we believe we've seen worse of the times. Okay. Yes, we see scrap pricing going down and we will benefit from that. Yes, we played better than our other competitors in the EAF arena because of our DRI capabilities. I'm not going to [indiscernible] what all that means going forward. We will stay competitive. We will take care of our customer needs. We will continue to supply our customers with high quality, fairly priced product on time with great service. And we will see how it plays out in the market place.
John Ferriola: Well, it will take some time to ramp up our production and it will also take some time to work through the iron and higher cost iron ore inventory that we have on the ground, iron ore that was purchased last year, that we have now worked all way through because the facility has been out of commission. So it will take time to work through that inventory and it will take some time to get up to full production. But we expect to see the Louisiana facility running well and profitable by the end of the ear.
John Ferriola: We don’t break it down that definitively. I would say to you that probably, if you look at the energy pipe and tube as opposed to other oil and gas applications, you're looking at probably 90% going directly into the energy pipe and tube that would be associated with drilling, maybe 10%, and that would be rough numbers here, maybe 80:20, 90:10 somewhere in that area.
John Ferriola: I would love to do that actually. The integration is going extremely well. We expected that it would go well. The team there is a great team and management style. Their culture is very similar to our Nucor culture. So we anticipated a smooth integration. But I have to tell you what, its gone even better than we anticipated. Those guys is doing a great job. The financial team there, I’d give a call out to them, they very-very quickly integrated into our financial programs. I am surrounded by some financial people in the room here and they are all nodding their head, saying what a great job, the Gallatin financial team did, in getting up to speed very quickly, converting the systems, integrating the systems. I would also make that statement relative to the commercial team. They integrated extremely well with our commercial team. We're enjoying the synergies that we’ve anticipated from that and it’s going great.
John Ferriola: Well, thank you. Let me just conclude by saying thank you to our shareholders. We certainly appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate your business. I want to say thank you to all of my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future generating a attractive returns for our shareholders and building a substantial future for all of us. And most importantly thank you all for doing it safely. And for everyone on the call today, thank you for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
