John Ferriola: Well, I have to tell you, we were a little bit surprised by it also. It came up very quickly, although President Trump mentioned during his press comments today that he and Secretary Ross have been working on this for several months. So it was unexpected to us, but they've been planning this for a while. I have to tell you, we welcome an investigation into the impact of imported steel upon our national security, particularly given that many of these steels are imported illegally, violating our trade laws. And so we're happy to see this. I think it was a bold move by the President. He clearly set a time frame that's aggressive and it's a good thing for the industry.  You asked about, in particular, how does this really impact national security. And when you talk about steel, clearly, steel plays a major role in national security. Case in point, look at the armored plate grades that we've been developing at Nucor. I mean, submarine applications, tank applications. There's numerous applications for steel in military use and it is critical to our national security. As the President said earlier today, we really don't want to be dependent upon a foreign country to provide the steel we need to defend the citizens of the United States. So I'm very excited about it. I can tell you that Secretary Ross is engaged during the meeting this morning, the signing ceremony this morning. President Trump was engaged with the industry, spoke to several of us and asked very good, pointed questions about trade and what we were specifically looking for. And we were quick to point out that all we were really looking for was a level playing field. Given that, we expressed our confidence that we could compete successfully against any country or company if we had that level playing field. So good news for the industry. We're excited about it. We've all committed to work with the President to help him understand the nuances of steel and its application in national security.
John Ferriola: Right now, we're supplying about 75% to 80% of that product. And we've been working over the last couple -- frankly, the last couple months to work with them so that we can get up to these levels of sub-80% and 90%. And I think that that's probably where we'll peak out, somewhere at about 90%. But there's many other things that come along with this. I'll just maybe mention a few of them that I'm sure you're aware of, but just to highlight. When you look at Nucor and you look at our sheet business, without a doubt, we're hot band-centric. And yet, when you look at the amount of our product in hot band that went downstream compared to our other steel products, we were somewhat underweighted. So this really came at a good time for us and also, with the addition of Gallatin to the Nucor family. But it also provides a great downstream outlet for one of our larger sheet segments. And of course, this is a value-added play. It's one of the key points of our -- key drivers of profitable growth. One other point that I would mention, since we were just talking about imports when you raised that question earlier, because of its application to the construction industry with the short lead times that are -- that go along with construction, the product tends to be somewhat import-resistant. So we see that as a plus also.
John Ferriola: Well, without a doubt, the inventory levels, as you mentioned, are extremely low. Our sheet products are about 1.8 months on hand. I can't -- frankly, I can't remember the last time they were that low. Plate inventories are somewhere around 2.3 months on hand, also well under the normal PIV rate. And in terms of the impact or what we're hearing as to why that's been happening, I guess, part of it has been that the service center industries have been waiting to make sure that what they're seeing today in the balance between supply and demand and its impact on pricing is longer term. They want to make sure that this wasn't one of those short pops. And I think that they began to accept the fact that the strength in the market is longer term and we'll begin to see them rebuilding those inventories. At the end -- also, bear in mind that at the end of the year, you've got a -- all these service centers work hard to manage their working capital and that happens at the end of each year. Typically, as you go into the first quarter, it didn't have as much of a demand as you've seen going into this first quarter, so I think it was harder for them to rebuild their inventories as rapidly as they've done in the past. If you look at their shipments out of the service centers, you'll see they were also very high during the first quarter. So that made it more difficult for them to rebuild those inventories. So we expect them to, over time, continue the order entry rate to rebuild those inventories to a more normal level. And we're awaiting their orders.
John Ferriola: As we see going forward, we see it more or less stable now. Of course, there's always going to be small moves up and down. But given the situation with iron ore, we don't see any major moves up. In fact, we see some downward pressure. How far is up is anybody's guess, but we think we'll see it go down. Frankly, you mentioned pig iron. I can tell you that our last pig iron buy was down from the previous buy and the negotiations for future pig iron is even lower. So we see pig iron peaking. We see iron ore going down. All of that bodes for scrap to be steady or go down slightly.
John Ferriola: Well, I'd say it's a combination of a couple things. Demand is better. Now certainly, the fact that we had a competitor that was out for a while, that impacted the supply side of it. Relative to Nucor itself, when we look at what we've done with our latest acquisition of Longview and how that has really expanded and broadened our supply and our ability to feed the market, particularly when it comes to bridge and other applications and we see that -- we think that, for us, the plate market will continue fairly strong into the second quarter. Bear in mind that we also had a very successful trade case. It wasn't exactly everything we wanted. But for the most part, it was very favorable. And in the places we didn't get as favorable of a response as we would like, we will watch those countries carefully. If we see an influx of steel from them, illegally, unfairly traded steel, we will be quick to take action again. So a combination of demand getting better, a combination of the trade cases that we successfully prosecuted last year. And again, I really want to stress the additional fact that what we've been able to do with our plate supply and the markets that we've been able to attack that we couldn't attack in the past as a result of bringing Longview into the Nucor family are all reasons that we're pretty optimistic about our plate business going into the second quarter.
John Ferriola: Well, let me start with your first question about demand and how we see that going forward. We think demand has been pretty solid, but there's a lot of tie-ins in the construction industry, obviously, with this product. And as we've mentioned several times, we see the construction industry slowly improving. We think this year, we'll see an improvement in construction somewhere in the neighborhood of 5% to 6%. And frankly, that's the Dodge report number and it is also supported by the backlogs that we see in our downstream businesses which are, for us, frankly, a better leading indicator than the Dodge numbers. So we see continued improvement in construction. That'll bode well for our HSS businesses. I would also comment that working together with the conduit business, this really gives Nucor and, obviously, our structural products, our Vulcraft products, it really enhances our business ability to supply a wide range of commercial solutions in the construction industry for steel and steel products. So we think that's going to give those businesses a boost also. Frankly, in terms of how we see them contributing to Nucor, they're 2 great companies that have come together. There are all kinds of synergies that we're just learning about relative to how they interact with our steel mills, how they interact with each other. A simple example would be how you can increase the length of harness on various sizes now that you have more than one facility producing that. And of course, you've got all the logistical considerations as to how you best reach customers now that we have 5 different facilities producing that product. So based on all of that, we think that this was a great move. Our business development team did a great job in making it happen very quickly and the teams are working extremely well with our sheet mills. We're very excited about this new growth platform for our company.
John Ferriola: Well, it's both, okay. Obviously, it does move somewhat with hot band. But at the end of the day, I've said this in the past and I truly believe it to be the case. At the end of the day, pricing is a function of supply and demand. And when we see the demand going up and if supply becomes tight, prices go up. As I've mentioned right now, we see the construction business looking pretty good in the first quarter. There's been -- demand for our HSS product has been very strong. And with that strong demand, pricing has moved up. Certainly, it's tied somewhat to our hot band, but I would discourage you getting too hung up on that and recognizing that pricing -- it's economics 101. Pricing is a function of supply and demand.
John Ferriola: Well, I'm going to start with your first question. There have been challenges at Louisiana. There's no doubt about that. It's -- that's not untypical of a start-up, especially one that's a complicated technology. We had similar issues when we first started our plants in Trinidad. But I will point out that we still have a great deal of confidence in the technology and point out that the challenges that we have had have not been with the technology or with the furnace itself. It's been auxiliary equipment. We've struggled with the process gas heater. We've done a redesign of the top half of that which failed couple years ago with a major failure. We're working on a redesign on the bottom half that just gave us some problems a couple weeks ago. Fortunately, not nearly as severe of a failure. And as we got that back online and started up, we had a problem with the belt. One of our belt lines -- conveyor belt lines failed. So yes, it's -- we've had our challenges. We're working our way through them. Again, I really want to stress that the issues are not with the technology, not with the furnace. I'll point out that, in terms of technology, our Trinidad plant, as we mentioned in the script, just set a record for production in the quarter. And both plants are producing DRI in terms of production efficiencies and yields and quality are working at world-class levels. And at the end of the day, it's about our long term strategy in raw materials. And we're confident, okay, that it's to our benefit to gain control over the largest single cost of our steelmaking operation, particularly -- I mean, I -- scrap -- iron units, in one form or another, account for about 60% of the cost of steel. And we feel, particularly as we continue to move up the value chain which is one of our stated goals, okay, we continue to move up the value chain, we're going to have a greater demand for virgin, low-residual iron units. And we see that becoming more challenged as we go into the future because less manufacturing and integration -- degradation of the existing prime scrap in the United States.
John Ferriola: With every failure -- and we go back in and we engineer. We don't just patch it. We do it right. So I'm confident. And if you look at the time lines between the failures, they are extending. So we're confident that we'll work our way through these issues. In terms of the profitability, you're spot on. We expect it to be very good for the rest of the year as the spreads continue to grow. And personally, as I've said, from a strategic perspective, I believe that's a long term benefit to our company. We'll see that getting better and better as the years go by.
John Ferriola: Well, if you take a look at the U.S. rig count, it's up quite a bit. It's currently running at about 850 rigs. That's up from a low in the middle of last year of about 400. So the number of rigs have doubled. And as importantly, the amount of steel consumed per rig has doubled since about 2013. So when you have a situation where you're doubling the number of rigs and the amount of steel consumed has doubled, that's a good situation for us. And again, as I mentioned, we're -- we tend to be heavy on hot band, particularly at our Gallatin facility. And Gallatin has always been a big feeder to the OCTG. So we stand ready to supply this increased demand. Now having said that, we still have to keep an eye on imports, particularly when it comes to OCTG. We see a lot of pressure from Korea in that product and we're taking a look at that. There's been some increase of duties, but we're continuing to study that situation. So to answer your question directly, rig counts are up, just about double. Steel consumed per rig, up just about double. That bodes well for steel consumption in that market.
John Ferriola: Currently, we see the momentum still strong. I know OPEC is meeting, I think it's today or met yesterday. From what I understand, a decision was made to continue curtailing production and that bodes well for that business. So based on everything we're seeing and everything that we're hearing, we expect the momentum to continue.
John Ferriola: Yes. In general, I would have to agree with what you were saying. I will say, though, one point that I need to correct. You talked about basically the steel being cut off from China and Korea and some other -- Turkey, some other problem areas. I need to point out that, that is a battle that we're still fighting. If you look at the import percentage today, we're probably still having 20% to 25% of the market share supplied by imported products, many of which are dumped products. So we continue that battle. But in general, we take a look at things and we say, "Okay, what's -- where does the steel demand come from?" And at the end of the day, when you look at the United States, construction accounts for the vast majority of steel consumed in the United States followed by automotive, okay, followed by energy. So let's take a look at them. We see construction has been increasing. At the end of the day, automotive, although it's high, we might see it coming down a little bit. It has been strong. But although the automotive market might decrease a little bit, I'll point out that Nucor continues to increase our market share of the automotive market. We're at 1.4 million tons last year. We're at 1.5 million tons this year. I am fully expecting that we will be at 2 million tons by the end of 2018. So for us, automotive continues to go strong. And as we just discussed, energy is strong. So when you look at the 3 major consumers of steel, it's all looking pretty positive.  And so how long does that last? You want -- certainly, we think through the second quarter. That's why we're giving the guidance that we're giving. There's other things that we might be seeing coming down the road. We just -- we talked about the investigation that was launched today. That might have an impact, a positive impact for the rest of the year. Certainly, President Trump has talked about infrastructure. And certainly, we support that. The infrastructure in this country is crumbling. It's an embarrassment. And when you look at not only the impact that, that has on the economy and on manufacturing, let's remember why we built the infrastructure in this country in the first place after World War II. We recognized from a position of national security we needed to have a strong infrastructure system which today is falling apart. So all of the things that you've mentioned are certainly looking good for the rest of the year. I've added a couple more things that we see as positives. I want to stress again what we've been doing and we talk about our pent-up earnings power. We've invested $7 billion over the -- during this present downturn. We've got -- we're just ready, willing, eager for this demand to come back and for the upswing to occur as we see it starting to release this pent-up earnings power that we've been building for several years and investing $7 billion in. So we do feel good about the future. We typically only talk about one quarter at a time and that's why we gave our guidance only for the second quarter.
John Ferriola: No, we fully plan to go ahead with the investment. We're planning a groundbreaking somewhat later this month or early next month, okay. So we're comfortable with what we're doing there, being able to supply the automotive market which is certainly growing in Mexico and our new plant is going right in the middle of the growth. So we feel very good about the project. We're very pleased with our partners. We've been working with a great company, JFE of Japan, over the last year that we've been working with them and we find them to be very similar to Nucor in their aggressiveness in their time lines. And we continue to grow our ability to produce the automotive-grade steels. So we're excited about it. We certainly are encouraged by what's happening in Mexico and we plan to go ahead.
John Ferriola: We do, but it's hard to know what's going on from quarter to quarter. But bear in mind that when we make these investments, we don't do them relative to a quarter at a time. We make investments, whether it be DRI or the JFE venture or our plate mill investments that we've made, we make them for the long term. So we don't worry about what's going to happen next quarter, third quarter, fourth quarter. We just make sure that we make investments that are going to return to our shareholders the value that we should be returning to them for their valuable -- for their investment of their valuable capital. And we're confident that that's what we're doing.
John Ferriola: And frankly, if you want to expand this into energy in very general terms, we can peel back and talk about, okay, we've talked about substrate and we've talked about billets. We've talked about cold finish into it. And let's not forget plate while we're at it, okay. So plate also goes into the energy market. So we're very involved in the energy markets. And that speaks to the diversity of our company and one of the great strengths of our company.
John Ferriola: Well, let me just close by saying thank you to all of my Nucor family, our customers, our shareholders and of course, our teammates. Our success is due to your support, commitment and hard work. Let's continue to work together and most importantly, let's work together safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
James Frias: That's a good question, Timna. And we think about the dividend not on a quarterly basis, but on an annual basis. So let's see how the rest of 2017 plays out and we'll think more about whether it's appropriate to increase the dividend or do something with other dividends or do other things to return cash to shareholders by the end of the year.
James Frias: It's not a tremendous amount, but we're pricing – we're in March. But if you think about it, we started the quarter, meaning the first quarter, in January, with much lower pricing than we finished the quarter. So on average, we think the pricing will be higher. We don't think it's raising dynamically from where it was at the end of March. We think it's more of the average across the quarter will be better in the second quarter.
James Frias: Look, Phil, of course, when we're in an inflationary period with the pricing with raw materials which we certainly saw from the beginning of the first quarter to the end of the first quarter, we're benefited in our cost side as we start the quarter with lower-cost inventories. But by the end of the quarter, we were using much more extensive scrap and had our highest costs of the quarter. And our highest profits were in March of the 3 months in the quarter. So pricing moved up more than cost moved up. And so although we will start the second quarter with higher cost, we're going to start the second quarter with higher prices as well by a larger amount. So again, that's why we have comfort in the guidance that we expect improvement compared to the first quarter overall. And it's going to be a little different by product. But overall, that's our perspective.
James Frias: And John, you mentioned hot band, but of course, also, it benefits our bar business as well with the seamless business.
Philip Gibbs: No, I'm with you, John. I was just -- I was more curious just in terms of if you've got it to a level where you think you could have some reliability and then thinking more about the economic opportunity because the spreads favor the product right now.
Philip Gibbs: Perfect. And Jim, can you give us just a sense -- you mentioned in the release some of the contract lags on the flat-rolled side. Can you give us any sense in how should we be thinking about some of that in terms of magnitude as we look forward here in this quarter? And just trying to handicap that.
Philip Gibbs: I just had a quick one on the energy markets. And John, can you remind us where and kind of how you participate in that market? I would think on the hot-rolled side, it's in substrate. But maybe give us some view on how you may participate on the bar side as well or any other markets. I appreciate it.
