John Ferriola: Well let me start by saying that we take a hard look at the data and as we view the data, and as we have anxious to go back and present it to the commerce department we feel confident that we can prove a strong case and then came out in the preliminary. So we're pretty confident -- remember that during the preliminary findings they see only some of the facts presented by frankly on the countries that we are looking to gain some duties from. So they all see the whole picture. We have an opportunity during this period to present our case and we're confident that when we get to present our case, and get a more balanced view in front of them they will come out with a stronger determination in the final determination.
John Ferriola: It's very difficult to project where pricing is known to go and let me ask maybe by addressing your earlier point that we do recognize that Nucor that despite our best efforts and effective trade cases to effective trade action, we recognize that because of the dollar there's always going to be some challenges on the import front which is why when you look at our strategy and how we have developed our products to move up the value chain, we have got a strategy that we use to help insulate us and much as possible from the imports. Higher value products that are harder to import.  We continue to develop a stronger channel to the market that provides a nice barrier for us gives us some protection from the imports. So we're taking this from a two front battle, one we are continuing to fight the imports, the illegal unfairly traded imports let me be real clear about that we do not have a problem with imports. We have a problem with illegal unfairly traded imports. So we'll continue that battle and we'll continue with our strategy of moving up the value chain, gaining more market leadership position in the products in which we participate and to continue to develop our channel to the market.
John Ferriola: Let me address that from the automotive front because that's probably where we feel we have the greatest opportunity. As you know, that we've increased sales in automotive on a delivery bases by about 20% over last year. Today we're at about a 1.4 million ton a year market penetration. We fully expect to be able to get up to 2 million tons over the next couple of years and that's going to be in both sheet products and our SBQ. As we continue in sheet and we move up the value chance into the advanced high strength steals, particularly when you think about what we've done on our Berkeley facility we provide light project that's given us the ability to continue to move even higher and the strength sheet steel products while maintaining the light gauge they need in the automotive applications. So we feel very good about our sheet penetration into automotive and I'll also point out that on our SBQ, we continue to develop more and more products and bear in mind Tony that as our team does a great job selling today automotive market and our products present great opportunities for the automotive customers, and let's be honest the automotive industry is taking a look at the entire steel industry today and they look at Nucor and our balance sheet and they see a long term sustainable supplier. When you think about how they order steel, they order steel today, it takes a long time to get qualified and years to go through that entire process and then the steel they're ordering today could show up on a platform that's not even going to roll-out for two to three years from today so they want to make absolutely certain that after they've gone through the entire qualification period that when they roll that product out that new platform out in two to three years they want to make certain that their steel supplier is going to be there and able to supply the steel that they need to keep their factories running.
John Ferriola: Let me just answer the question this way. The most qualified people out there are looking for companies that work for companies that they know are going to be around for the long term and all I'll say is when you look at the balance sheet and when these potential candidates take a look at our company one of the things they bring up towards all the time is that look we want to get with a company we know is going to be there for the long term and I want to finish my career with a company. Not only do they are impressed with our balance sheet but once they come down and spend some time with us they like our culture, like working for the concept of working for the Nucor family, so yes, we had great potential to attract the best people out there and having opened this office in Detroit. I'm telling you what, that was a great move and I guess it was two months ago we have a grand opening I'll tell you Tony we had over 200 customers come by and talk to us and the one thing that we heard consistently through that two or three hour period was a major concern about the suitability of some of our competitors in this industry and they are anxious to do more business with Nucor as a result of that. We'll move on and give someone else a chance to ask questions, thank you Tony.
John Ferriola: Well probably I'm going to speak just to Nucor because I can't speak for other competitors, probably biggest issue is getting through the qualification period. It's an issue of timing. When you talk about what products do we need to develop to be able to get penetration into it I would tell you that today we're producing just about all of the products we need to get our full penetration into automotive. On making advanced high strength steals, we have great quality steel going to the automotive industry, so where we need to be in terms of products today. Now having said that what's good today is not good enough tomorrow so we need to continue to work on developing even more sophisticated grades that have higher strength while still maintaining flexibility or improved flexibility for the designs that are coming out in the future so there's always more to do but I want to be clear about this point. Today at least new cars [ph] in mini mill we can produce virtually every type of steel that's needed in automotive. One of the questions I'm always asked is about exposed automotive quality and I answered this question several times but I'll say it one more time. Today we have the ability to produce exposed automotive that is actually out there on cars and went through a qualification period. So we're very comfortable with the products that we can supply and the quality that we can supply. Now as I mentioned earlier, there's a very long qualification period and after the qualification period you have to wait for it to be introduced and your steel is being specified on so there's a period of time it's going to take to grow to this 2 million or better tons a year level with automotive but it's strictly a question of working our way through that time period now.
John Ferriola: It's really too early to see much of an impact on the Highway Bill. Although we are really pleased the government after what's it been more than a decade of having short periods of time it's great to see them come out with a five year plan. Frankly we believe they need to go even further and have a longer term plan and the infrastructure of our country it is desperately needed and to answer your question directly, we haven't seen much of an impact right now. We expect probably in 2016 we begin to see some effect and we believe that we'll see a more significant impact starting in 2017.
John Ferriola: I don't know that we've ever tried to figure out an exact number but I'll tell you when you look at the product prep we have to offer, the type of products we have to offer not only you mentioned rebar but think about the plate applications that go into infrastructure. So we've got bar products that go in there, we’ve got plate products that go in there and by the way don't forget a lot of this work is going into bridges and we've got great piling that we can offer to and we offer piling products that only we produce domestically and as I always like to say, when you're going to build a bridge we can supply every type of steel you need in that bridge and when all said and done we'll sell you the nuts and bolts to put it together from our fastener [ph] division. So when I look across the spectrum of companies in our industry, Nucor, I believe is positioned better than most to take advantage and gain the most out of this Highway Bill as it comes into fruition and the dollars begin to flow.
John Ferriola: But I'd mention one other and that's the heat treating project. We're adding heat treating capability at our Memphis facility and an earlier question was about automotive that will also help us move further into the automotive as we can heat treat our own product coming out of Memphis. Although we've already spent most of that money because it was more installing than spending fresh capital.
John Ferriola: Well I'll tell you what I'd love to talk about that but I don't want to go to prison but there's really nothing I can say about it other than I'll make this a general comment and it's going to go back to our five points of profitable growth, so if you look at those areas we talked about there are things in which we can continue to improve our market leadership position in the markets in which we compete so there will be things that strengthen our channel for the market that will be things that continue to move us up the value chain, our products up the value chain making them more import resistant and I don't want to leave out one of the most important ones. That is we will continue to invest in our operations in ways that will continue to lower our cost of operation because at the end of the day, we're at a commodity business and we're in a global commodity business and the way to succeed in a commodity business in a Global Market place is to be the low cost producer so we will continue to invest below our cost of production which obviously was one of the big reasons we invested our $750 $780 million in our DRI facility so that's more of a general answer to your question but really all I can give you.
John Ferriola: I'll be happy to address that. We always have three approaches to our capital allocation and let me make sure that I highlight the first one and the first one is to invest in profitable growth of our company. That is always our first focus and I want to be clear, Timna. We believe strongly that there are many opportunities to continue to invest in the profitable sustainable growth of our company both internally, organic and externally through M&A activity. So that's the first objective that will always be the objective. Second objective in capital allocation is to make sure we return our shareholders valuable capital to them at an appropriate way. We look at dividend as being a very appropriate way to do that. We think it's a good dividend, well balanced dividend, look to maintain a prudent payout ratio between supplemental and our base and we look forward to the days like we had in 2005 and 2006 when we have such good cash flow coming in that we can increase the supplemental dividend and return more of the capital to our shareholders, so that's our second objective. And our third objective as you mentioned when we can't beat either of the two first ones is to look at stock as a potential buyback and so those are the three areas we look at and I'll point out that there's a lot of questions about the cash and our cash position today and when you look at 2015, we generated a lot of cash in 2015 but I think it's the second highest that we've had since what about 2005? Highest since 2008 and we have a lot of cash on hand but let me be clear again we feel we have a lot of opportunities to spend it wisely in a disciplined manner, on a flexible disciplined manner to grow our company. If we don't see opportunities out there that return the kind of capital, return on invested capital that we're looking for, then we'll do the prudent thing and return it to our shareholders or buy stock. Right now when we look the all three of those we saw it during the past month stock was a good opportunity and we bought some stock. It is definitely not a major change in our position or direction or anything like that. I want to be really clear about that.
John Ferriola: When you look at our mix about 55%-60% goes T hot and the rest is pretty well split evenly between cold rolled and galvanized but basically I would say an easy way to remember the numbers which is what I need I'd use 60% hot band, 20% cold rolled and 20% galvanized and that's pretty close.
John Ferriola: I hope everyone understood the comment about the bin and that allows us to do and a sophisticated computer system we use that helps us design our building and what it allows us to do is to tackle and Bill more complex structures which are higher margin structures and also impacts our cost, so it has two very positive effects for us. So ready to hit them all on the head. I think that I want to just make a shout out to my team and say great job guys, I'm really proud of the fact that if you look at all three of our downstream businesses, and we had a very good year we expect another one in 2016 and maybe a comment about our shipments in 2015 how they compare to the previous year given the fact that when you look at McGraw Hill the demand for non-residential construction was down 5-6%.
John Ferriola: Well the keyword you use is relatively stable and when we look at it and we see an increase of 20-$30 a ton on scrap and a $10 increase in pig iron that might be relatively stable but when you buy 15 million tons of scrap, and million 5 tons of pig iron that's a big change and we felt as we talked with our DJ Joseph team whose out there all the time working in the marketplace we felt we could attribute at least half of that to the fact we were taking a DRI plan off line and since we when we finished the maintenance outage at the end of last month, we were at a point where we had to make a decision as to when you're back on or not and we were basically breakeven on a marginal contribution basis and so we were kind of up in the air as to what to do. We thought it was a good opportunity to leave it all and we've always believed that bringing it online had a significant impact for us on our cost of scrap and pig iron so we said here is an opportunity to take a look and see in fact what happens so we left it all, we saw a bump go up and it's about 25-$30 a ton across the spectrum on scrap and $10 on pig iron so again that's a huge impact for us, so we bought it back online because of that and I came away from the whole thing and the team came away from the whole thing more convinced than ever that although you might not see immediate profitability in the DRI plant itself when you look at the overall impact to our company, on iron units which represents 60% of our costs the overall impact to our company is significantly better wanting that DRI plant than not wanting the DRI plant even if it is not profitable in its own right.
John Ferriola: Well I can only talk in terms of what I've already said in terms of the amount of tons we are selling into it, so our order entry rate will result in about 1.4 million tons we sold in 2015 and we think it will be up a little bit in 2016 in the order of 1.5 or 1.6 but we do think over the next two to three years based upon the interest we have, people that are working with us on qualifying our products we feel very comfortable in saying that we'll be up in the 1.9 or 2 million-ton a year range within the next couple of years.
John Ferriola: If you take the entire market I'd say we're looking at about 2 million tons of contract business next year.
John Ferriola: We were remiss in not mentioning that and absolutely correct and Frank little I apologize because one of the notes I have said steel pricing and we forgot to mention it but I have to tell you that we looked at this carefully taking that into account and we're very comfortable saying that still our team did the great job on lowering the cost exclusive of our steel costs and we're confident that the other things we mentioned played a large role in the picture the profitability picture.
John Ferriola: Well the only thing I can tell you on that is we look at our order entry rate and we look at our backlogs okay? And we feel the backlogs are very strong, order entry rate is strong, our best estimate today is we'll see an improvement of 5-6% in our businesses in 2016 versus 2015. And if you'll look at the pundits, the McGraw Hill and so forth they are saying 6-7% improvement we think across the industry that might be a little bit aggressive but we think in our business we will see 5-6%.
John Ferriola: You kind of answered the question for me. Imports are coming down a little bit, in addition to imports coming down the service center inventories are down a little bit, so bottom line is yes, we do see our utilization rates increasing as we go into the first quarter and also remember that we are moving into a period where we come out of fourth quarter is usually the weakest quarter in terms of the steel business so we're kind of coming out of that quarter, first quarter, second quarter we see typically see utilization rates and we think we'll continue to see that. You mention the slowdown in imports. You mention the reduction of the inventory in our service centers but I'd also mention to you there has been quite a few shutdowns from some of our competitors that we believe we'll see some improved utilization as a result of that also. And also, we're seeing a small bounce in pricing and when you see a bounce in pricing typically that gets things going again. Customers when pricing is going down kind of waiting until they hit the bottom and we've increased pricing in several products and those price increases have been holding so we feel pretty confident we've stopped the slide and we're moving back up. Customers see that also and order entry rates go up.
John Ferriola: Frankly our thinking has not changed at all. We still see that as a key long term strategic goal. I've said this several times at Nucor all of our strategies are pointed towards long term sustainable profitable growth and at the end of the day we still believe very, very strongly that I'm not sure whether it's going to be five years, seven years or ten years, but, we believe that as a result of the manufacturing decreasing in the United States and several other things, we will be glad we have that DRI plant. Just remember one other thing. We're very heavy into pig iron and that's very important to us and right now we get about 80% of our pig iron out of Russia. The rest of it is coming out of Brazil. Those are not the most stable places in the world geopolitically. HBI which is another potential product we could use as a scrap substitute comes out of Venezuela and that's also not a very stable geopolitical area so when you look at all of these facts and you look at our goal of being flexible, long term having flexibility and balance across our portfolio and a cyclical business whether scrap pricing is cyclical, iron ore is cyclical, pig iron is cyclical, steel pricing is cyclical when you look at that I believe the key to long term stable returns to our investors the best way to accomplish that is to have a nice balanced portfolio and flexible portfolio that allows us to move things around as we need to optimize the lowest cost product inputs and optimize our margins coming out of our Mills. So long winded answer to your question but no our strategy hasn't changed. We believe it's the right strategy and we'll continue with it.
John Ferriola: There might be one thing I'd want to add to your comments and that is you have to lock at that by segment, right? Because when you look at our bar Mills we have a lot less scrap on the ground. In fact some of our bar Mills just because they are geographically challenged, we don't have a lot of room some of them happen as little as two to three weeks of scrap on the ground and then you take a look at our sheet mills and not only do they necessarily have to have more on the ground but it's a different mix and the mix they use will depend upon the mix of products they are producing so it's a very complicated process that you go through but the impact that you mentioned Jim will occur more on a larger plate and sheet mills, just to give you a little more color.
John Ferriola: We can do that. I know hot band is the shortest lead time we're probably only out a couple weeks three or four weeks in hot band but when you look at coal rolled and galvanized we are probably held to March towards the end of March for our cold rolled and galvanized.
John Ferriola: Well we aren't going to answer that question directly. What we will say is that we do it, we do our impairment testing every year and we always look at all of our operations and we're comfortable with where we are with that and I'm going to refer back to what Joe said earlier about the business model at DJ Joseph being different. We aren't going to comment on what our competitors have done in terms of breakdowns, but when we look at our business model as Joe mentioned, it's much more than recycling and in fact the vast majority is out of recycling and when we look at our brokerage, we look at how they are performing we're very comfortable that we are well within the range of having a level of impairment.
John Ferriola: Let me conclude by saying thank you to all of our customers. We really appreciate the opportunity to earn your business every day and if we are blessed with your business we won't let you down. And thank you to our shareholders. We appreciate your ongoing confidence and support. It means a lot to us. And to my teammates, I want to say thank you for creating customer value, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainability, a sustainable future for all of us and most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
Jim Frias: That's right and there aren't as many large organic projects right now in the pipeline separate of the project at Nucor Yamato.
Jim Frias: First on the SG&A, we are a pay for performance company. We have significant amount of our compensation across the company including profit-sharing for all employees that's affected by our profitability. So the impairment charges did result in a reduction of our obligations to incentive compensation. So that's the first point and that's why the second half run rate is different than the first half. The second point you asked about was remind me Timna.
Jim Frias: So on LIFO, it's based on where we have a view about where the long term raw material prices are going, so it's hard for us to predict what scrap it's going to do over 2016 so we begin every year with kind of a conservative view that scrap is going to go up some and we book some expense in the first quarter and that's what we're being more transparent about in our guidance regarding the first quarter but clearly, without knowing what the final outcome is going to be we will have some LIFO expense, it's non-cash but we will have the expense in the first quarter to position ourselves to move either way based on what really happens to scrap prices as the year unfolds.
Jim Frias: The non-residential market was down in '15 about 5%-6% in new construction starts and backlogs and all of our key downstream segments are up and our shipments in 2015 were basically the same.
Jim Frias: So the team did a great job even though demand was dropping we were able to maintain our shipments and we were able to improve our profitability. That's a formula for long term success right there. So great job, team, thank you.
Jim Frias: The depreciation amortization is about $700 million and the CapEx is about $500 million based on the things we have planned today.
Jim Frias: John, if might add and adding value to the construction projects we work on. And through our channel to market and with our customers so our team has done well in that area but certainly to reinforce reduced steel prices certainly helped in 2015.
Jim Frias: Let me start that. You're right there is a lag between the index and our performance because we always have some scrap inventory we own at our steel mills so the indexes don't reflect what we're consuming they reflect what we're buying so you're right the bottoming of the scrap prices that happen during the Fourth quarter are going to benefit from some of that to start the First quarter. 
Jim Frias: It does not go through the scrap line so it doesn't affect the scrap costs we published at all. It's in the corporate line we show the segments in fact.
Jim Frias: And Dave if I can add John's absolutely correct and when you look at that mix within what we call the DJJ business, the recycling components can be a little bit cyclical but the non-recycling components provides a very, very stable and very, very healthy earnings and cash flow stream, so it's that diversity adds a lot of strength to the value of the DJJ model.
