Leon Topalian: Carlos, what I would tell you is the ramp-up is -- we expect to come on very quickly. As that team navigates the challenges of commissioning, we expect '23 to be a pretty strong year. I don't want to quote numbers, but I certainly think we'll be approaching 75% to 80% of nameplate easily by the end of '23.
Leon Topalian: Yes. I'll kick us off, Emily. Thank you for the question. And maybe ask Chad Utermark, our EVP of our Fabricated Construction Products, Vulcraft/Verco and our building systems, to answer as well. And so what I would tell you is approximately 46% of Nucor's products move into the construction sector. As I mentioned in my opening comments, we're really excited about our launch of the Construction Solutions team. And what that team is doing is really positioning Nucor differently to better utilize the breadth and the capabilities of Nucor. We are not about getting bigger in capacity. We are about enhanced capabilities to serve our customers. And by launching the Construction Solutions arm and the branding of products like Aeos, it truly differentiates us in the marketplace. And so that value capture now in helping architects, engineers, fabricators, designers to recognize how to fully utilize the complement of Nucor's offerings is really a unique strategic advantage. As you think about the backlog, the strength of the nonres construction market, all of those indicators that we track are very, very strong. But again, as we think about how we leverage the breadth of that market, it's something that we spend a great deal of time on. And again, I'm very proud of the Construction Solutions team, what MaryEmily and her team have done in that market. But Chad, maybe just provide a little more color and backdrop into the segments that you're responsible for.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Absolutely, Emily. And as we've discussed in the past, Nucor is the largest recycler. We're committed to sustainability. We believe today, we're one of the most sustainable steelmakers on the planet. So the things like the PPA agreements that we've signed are just part of the steps that we're going to continue to take to make sure we're on the very leading edge of the cleanest, most sustainable steelmaking -- steelmakers in the world. And so in the coming months, you're going to see Nucor launch a very open and public conversation about releasing our Scope 1 and 2 emissions as well as setting very clear targets for our improvements and the expectations we expect to see in the coming years. So again, stay tuned. That's going to come out again in the next few months where we're going to highlight and make some very strong commitments to what we think is already best-in-class to become even better.
Leon Topalian: And Timna, maybe the last comment I'd make is I appreciate that we have been green. I've been part of our company now for 25 years. I can remember when I started with Nucor at Berkeley, when we're building it, making decisions to put equipment in, that wasn't regulated, that wasn't required by state or federal law. We did it because it was the right thing to do. But one of the things we've not done as good a job on is actually telling that story much more proactively, much more offensively minded and sharing our data much more openly. You're going to see a significant step for Nucor to do that. And again, in the coming months this year, to be very transparent, again, not just verbally, but through the commitment of sharing our full Scope 1 and 2 emissions and how that impacts because we believe we can stand up to anyone in the world and also helping the industry to say, hey, we've got to do better, and we think we can.
Leon Topalian: No, no, no, please. I was just going to really reiterate the exact point Jim did. Let our results speak for themselves, and you can decide where the cost structure is in terms of our delivery and our performance.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Phil, the only other thing I'd add is I think that your comment is accurate, but it's also relative. As you look at the restructuring Nucor has done over the last couple of years with our fabricated construction projects groups, while we don't break out the individual profitability of certain segments, I would just tell you that their profitability and what they've contributed to Nucor is as strong as it's been maybe ever. So they're realizing some very strong returns in their businesses. And again, we expect that to continue.
Leon Topalian: Yes. David, thank you for the question. I'll kick it off. And Jim, if there's anything you want to add. Number one, we're coming off a capital campaign over the last several years of over $4 billion. Our #1 focus today is to safely and reliably bring that capacity online, which culminates with the start-up of Nucor Brandenburg in late 2022. So our very short-term focus is to execute really well and return significant amounts of capital back to our shareholders. At the same time, David, we're a growth company. We're not satisfied with the position where we're at today. So I and our team are challenged to think about where do we grow. I can tell you that we're looking hard to continue to invest in our downstream operations to position us well for the future. As I mentioned earlier, our investment strategy isn't to get bigger by volume. It's to add strategic capability and how we differentiate ourselves from our competition by doing so. Our investment in Hickman, Arkansas, to be the only EAF producer anywhere to make a full Gen 3 product for the automotive industry, is going to be a differentiator for Nucor. So we're going to continue to look hard on how we continue to grow for the long term. The investment in Brandenburg isn't a 1- or 2-year play. It's a 30- or 40- or 50-year play. And so as we think about the opportunities before us, again, it begins with executing really well in culminating and finishing the $4 billion sort of campaign we've been on. And then how do we think about growth and where does that need to include. And I won't give much more detail other than to tell you we're looking really hard and continuing how to position Nucor for the future.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Look, I don't want to get very specific, David. What I would tell you is when we're ready to announce those, you'll be the first to hear. And so as we -- we've got to think through that strategy. All of our executives are challenged and committed to delivering growth in each of their respective areas. And so I'm excited about our future. I'm excited about the discipline we maintained in executing our capital strategy, and that's going to continue as we move forward. So we'll be very deliberate, but we're not going to stay where we're at. We're not going to stand still. We will continue to grow.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. Before we sign off, let me just say that Nucor has been preparing for years to thrive in economic conditions like the one we're experiencing now. I want to again thank my Nucor team for all you do and the focus on keeping all of our facilities running safely and smoothly so that we can all benefit from the market opportunities available to us today. And thank you to our customers for the opportunity to serve you and your needs both today and tomorrow. Through the challenges presented by the pandemic last year, we learned how resilient our company and business model are. We said repeatedly that we wouldn't just come out of this crisis. We would survive this crisis. We would thrive coming out, and here we are. I want to thank everyone for your interest in our company. We truly appreciate the support from our shareholders, customers, suppliers, communities and team. Thank you, and have a great day.
James Frias: We're going to spend about $2 billion this year. That's what our interim projections say. Roughly $1 billion is going to be spent over the next 3 quarters on our 3 big projects that are coming near completion, different phases of completion: the Gen 3 galvanizing line at Hickman; the Gallatin expansion; and, of course, the Brandenburg plate mill. We've not made any comments about 2022, but with Gallatin essentially complete and the cold mill at Hickman complete, unless we come up with some new projects, it's probably going to be lower than the $2 billion that we're going to spend this year. But we've not actually put together a budget yet for the 2022 expansion. But we're a strong free cash flow company. And so we're going to have plenty of liquidity to invest in at least that much if we wanted to.
James Frias: Yes. So receivables were up a fairly large percentage, and it was driven by a combination of volume, which was up 13.5%, and prices, up like 21%. And so we would think next quarter, volumes will be close to the same. And so we're going to just have a price driver. We will see some increased pricing. So how much receivables go up will depend on how much pricing goes up. We generally collect receivables in about 30 days. So what's outstanding on our balance sheet is roughly 30 days of sales to our outside customers. Relative to inventory, our inventories went up in the neighborhood of 6%. Of course, the cost per ton went up a significant amount because of scrap and pig iron and DRI prices were -- being up as well. And so inventories are, again, likely not to go up in volume next quarter. I think they're going to be relatively flat. And so we shouldn't see quite the same increase in inventories that we saw in the first quarter, should be much smaller. And receivables will be less too, but maybe closer to the same just because we're going to have another big increase in pricing in Q2 compared to Q1.
James Frias: Yes. Let me start in answering that, Andreas. The second part of your question about product mix, yes, we have flexibility. We use most of the prime scrap and substitutes, which include pig iron, DRI, HBI. We use most of those products at the sheet mills. We can use some at the plate mills as well and some of the other mills, but it's primarily consumed at the sheet mills, and we're already using those products. And we think we've got the most flexible supply chain, probably because a lot of our larger mills are on deepwater ports where they can be a barge or other vessels, receive shipments not only from domestic suppliers, but from offshore suppliers very efficiently, again, because of our positioning of our locations being on the waters oftentimes. But yes, we mix -- we change the mix of feedstocks based on what's available and what the costs are on a fairly regular basis. And so that's a part of our strategic business plan. In terms of tightness in prime scrap markets long term, we saw this coming several years ago, and that's why we started building DRI plants. So we've got 2 DRI plants that help give us an option in our supply chain. And when it makes sense to use more HBI, we max out the usage of what we can use in HBI. The follow-on question we often get is should we build more -- I'm sorry, I said HBI, I meant DRI. A follow-up question we get is should we build more DRI plants. And our view right now is not today. If we have so much DRI that we keep prime scrap prices depressed, we're helping our competitors with our capital investment. If the price for prime scrap is tight and we get an advantage that we can capture with profits at the DRI plant, then we have a competitive advantage against other mini mills that make sheet steel. And I would say that look at our profits, let's see what profits get published by integrated mills. And then ask me if you really think that we have a cost disadvantage against integrateds.
James Frias: Yes. We can use substitutes to -- in the neighborhood of 50%, which with 30% prime -- 80% of prime against 20% of obsolete.
James Frias: Yes. I think we -- if you listened to my comments, I talked about for the first time, we've actually published our targeted net debt to capital range as being 18% to 22%. We've not published that in the past. That was a new disclosure that hopefully folks picked up on. And our net debt capital number is like 13% right now so we're technically underleveraged. And so I would expect us to continue buying back stock as the year progresses. We're going to be very, very profitable for the balance of the year. And we're going to have plenty of free cash flow, and we don't want to get further underleveraged.
James Frias: We did. Just hang on, let me find my cheat sheet so I can give you a more detailed color because I do have a cheat sheet on that. Bear with me. Okay, so total intercompany elims -- corporate elims were $451 million. The pieces were intercompany profits was $183 million. So that was $175 million more than it was in last year's first quarter. It was $125 million more than it was in the fourth quarter of last year. So that was a big number, and it's going to be lower in the second quarter by a fair amount. We're not targeting a specific number, but that's going to come down. Profit sharing, which is 10% of pretax profits, was significant. It was $123 million. We're going to make more money next quarter, so that's going to go up. So based on your projection, you should put more money in that pool. Other incentive comp that isn't profit sharing related, that's -- other incentive comp was up $50 million to $60 million. And that's probably going to be in a similar range other than in the second quarter, we grant stock compensation RSUs. And generally, there's a $20 million to $30 million hit because of the timing of that. That just happened in the second quarter so that will be extra. Other corporate expenses were up about $40 million. I would expect that's going to be flat with next quarter. And interest expense was -- I'm sorry, it was $41 million, I expect it to be the same next quarter. And interest expense was $37 million. I expect that to be about the same next quarter.
James Frias: Chad, a little bit more on rebar fab. We had a fabulous profit quarter in rebar fab. The volumes may have been down, but that, I think, was more timing related. And could you speak to that a little bit, the strength in the rebar fab market as well or -- I'm sorry, Dan Needham, I pointed the wrong person, I forgot.
James Frias: This is architectural index. Architects don't work for free and give quotes. Steel companies give quotes all the time that don't turn into orders. But architects don't work for free. So if they're getting inquiries, I think it's not just people getting quotes.
James Frias: The only thing I'd add, Leon, is it's going to dovetail with what MaryEmily talked about, the idea that we have commercial strategies like serving renewables, like serving certain sectors in the marketplace. And so it's going to be driven partly by where we see those opportunities to better serve customers and leveraging to those markets with a portfolio that gives them a more complete solution than they can get any place else.
Chad Utermark: Yes. Thanks, Leon, and thanks, Emily, for the question. As you know, we have many downstream businesses, and they touch many aspects of the nonres construction market. As we've been mentioning for several quarters, we are really excited about the resiliency of the nonres construction market. As we look out forward, we believe nonres construction will remain solid through 2021 and into 2022. Our quoting activity has been and continues to be very robust. Furthermore, most of our businesses have very strong backlogs. And in some of our downstream businesses, we have all-time record backlogs. As we move through Q2 and into the second half of the year, we do expect to see significant earnings from these businesses. You asked about specific markets. And obviously, warehouses, distribution centers, data centers are driving this demand. But it's really across almost all sectors we're seeing solid demand. ABI just came out and talked about residential, commercial, industrial institution. So the nonres industry is firing on most all cylinders.
Chad Utermark: Yes. Phil, this is Chad again. And you are correct. We have a portfolio of downstream businesses that serve different markets and some are hotter, demand is stronger. But in general, across the businesses of joist and deck and building systems, I look at our backlog and I listened to our customers, and we are sitting on record -- high-level record backlogs through the rest of this year and already starting to look at next year. And so we're excited about the future in that segment of the business. And I think as the company starts to reopen -- you're already seeing people going out to eat more and wanting to go to concerts and things as more people get vaccinated. So I think that commercial world that was so strong for so long will come back. I don't know if it will come back to the levels we were seeing. But an infrastructure bill, there's a lot of rhetoric around it. I don't know that it will happen, but we expect it to. And I would hope that, that would add fuel to the strength of this nonres market. So if someone else can jump in.
Chad Utermark: Phil, one last comment I just want to make. In the ABI, you see the numbers, and obviously, I think Leon mentioned those in the script that 55.6, one of the highest indexes we've seen since '07. But there's another marker that they published, and it's the pace of inquiries. And that number is almost 67, and that is the highest number they've seen since 1999. So just the amount of inquiries coming in is a pretty strong signal to us that there is this pent-up demand to build things and to expand across many different platforms. And yes, there are certain markets that may be a little weaker or a little stronger. But overall, the view I see is it's pretty strong.
Chad Utermark: I think it could. It could. But again, with our direct conversations with customers, and we see cancellations on our backlogs, and we're just not seeing them at this point.
