Jim Frias: Thanks John. Nucor reported first quarter of 2019 earnings of $1.63 per diluted share. Included in these results was a benefit of $0.08 per diluted share related to the gain on the sale of an investment in our raw material segment. Excluding this non-recurring gain first quarter performance exceeded our guidance range of $1.45 to $1.50 per diluted share. As John discussed, Nucor continues to benefit from our diversified business model. Another key strength of Nucor's business model is strong through the cycle cash flow generation. First quarter 2019 cash provided from operations was $651 million, even after funding just over $300 million in profit sharing earned by Nucor's teammates in 2018. Inventory was a source of about $108 million in the quarter, even as net sales were approximately 10% higher year-on-year. Consistent with Nucor's disciplined approach to capital allocation, other major uses of cash during the quarter were capital expenditures of $289 million, dividends of $123 million and stock repurchases of $73 million. We returned almost 40% of net income for the quarter to our shareholders while also investing for long-term profitable growth. We ended the quarter with $1.6 billion in cash on hand. Nucor teammates are executing the current stages of our long-term growth strategy and we therefore expect to accelerate our capital spending as the year progresses. For the full year of 2019, we continue to estimate that our capital expenditures will total approximately $1.8 billion. Nucor's financial condition remained strong with total debt outstanding of $4.3 billion. Our gross debt to capital ratio was 29% at the end of the first quarter. Our $1.5 billion unsecured revolving credit facility remains undrawn and does not mature until April of 2023. It is worth noting that our first quarter results included $19.6 million of pre-operating start-up costs related to strategic investment projects. That is an increase from $17.4 million in the fourth quarter 2018 and $2.3 million in the year ago first quarter. Now turning to the outlook, we expect 2019 to be another robust earnings year for Nucor. We continue to be encouraged by the overall strength of our domestic and use markets. In fact, we see stable or improving demand in 21 of the 24 end-use markets we monitor. One market power transmission is seeing a meaningful decline due to the completion of major grid extension projects in 2018. Automotive OEMs and automotive suppliers comprise the other two markets that we expect to decline for the year. However, we anticipate that the decline in automotive unit volumes will be moderate and the new core will actually grow it shipments to these customers in 2019. Of course, the largest source of demand for our products are applications in non-residential construction, which appears set for another solid year in 2019. Earnings the second quarter of 2019 are expected to be similar to the first quarter excluding the gain on the sale of the investment. We expect similar linked quarter performance in the steel mill segment as improving margins for structural environmental products offset weakening margins in our sheet and plate mills. The steel products segment is expected to achieve significant improvement in the second quarter over the first quarter as typical seasonal patterns and improved weather conditions benefit construction activity. The performance of the raw material segment is expected to decline in the second quarter compared to the first quarter due to further margin pressure at our direct reduced iron or DRI plant. Thank you for your interest in our company. I will now turn the call back over to John.
Jim Frias: This is Jim. Let me answer that question. Our volumes of inventory and receivables didn't go up in terms of days on hand. They went up to commensurate with the volume of business that we are conducting. So, to the extent receivables went up, average prices were up. We are still collecting just over 30 days to collect our receivables. So, there's not a opportunity to shorten the collection of receivables, but you're right, if prices were to fall further, we get a benefit. And in fact if you think back to 2015, we had a pretty weak earnings year as prices fell dramatically, but we generated very strong cash from operations because of working capital liquidation. And then, the inventory side of course when steel prices fall down, scrap prices fall down. So, the overall cost of all of our inventories gets lower and of course, we do low our volumes inventories a little bit when business activity is lower level. So, yes, there is -- I mean, a severe downturn, there is an opportunity for some shrinking working capital. Now, if we look at what just happened in the first quarter, working capital was fairly neutral, whereas last year it was a drag on earnings of several hundred million dollars, maybe $600 million. So, what we're seeing right now is more of a stable environment for working capital, whereas last year it was building with expansion of margins.
Jim Frias: Yes. We talked a little about this year and quarter there was a little bit of shipment delay with some of our customers at year end and there was also an issue with the supply chain, with raw materials. We were a little heavier than we wanted to be on pig iron, and so, we've been working that down -- working down a little bit, but it's not a huge opportunity. I would view it as still working capitals to be relatively flat as we go through the middle part of the year.
Jim Frias: And John, it also keeps pressure on prime scrap prices and so we get to benefit there as well by having the pig iron there -- the DRI there, but yes, DRI did not perform as well in the first quarter as it did for most of last year, it'll probably perform slightly worse in the second quarter, but that's not so much about -- it's not about operations as John earlier said, it's really about pig iron prices and iron ore prices. Those are getting tighter. There's not as much spread to make money as there used to be.
Jim Frias: It's definitely getting tighter. There's no doubt about that. You've heard about the problems that Vale has had, but you know remember that we are one of the largest buyers, okay, and we've had -- we are certainly a very reliable buyer and we are a reliable payer, okay, so we've had a long-term relationship with Vale and several other suppliers. So, although, there is a tightness we have not had any issue in getting what we needed to keep our operations running.
John Ferriola: Well, I'll tackle the first question first and that's on volumes going into the second quarter. You know, we've mentioned that we see demand pretty consistent. In fact, maybe a little bit growing in -- on the sheet side, on the hot band side, when we look at our order entry over the last couple of weeks, marginal growth, small growth, but a good sign, so as we go into the second quarter, we expect the volumes to be about the same, particularly in those products that you mentioned. Our downstream businesses might see a little bit better volume based on the weather conditions that are improving. We had a long winter. We had a very wet spring. It seems to be correcting now. So, we might see a bit of a pickup in our downstream businesses, but overall, I think going into the second quarter, I would say, our volume are going to be pretty consistent. In terms of the second question, remember, first of all, that this is a preliminary position, so we don't have a final ruling on this yet, we are optimistic that we will get a positive outcome in the final determination. I will tell you that this could be very good news from us, we've been seeing a lot of a -- we sell about 50% of our beam, structural products into our fabricating businesses. That's about 1 million tons a year that we sell into fabricated steel construction and it hurt, we're hurt on demand, it hurt on pricing and we think that that's a result of truly dumped and illegally and unfairly traded products coming in. Canada, Mexico and China being the three biggest violators of our trade laws in this product. So, we see it as a big plus, if we get a positive outcome, we are confident we're going to get positive outcome. We will just wait to see what happens.
John Ferriola: Overall, we've done quite well through the flooding. I'd say our most seriously impacted plant was on Nebraska facility where we had significant flooding in the division. We have lost a bridge that we use for rail transportation in and out of the town of Norfolk, but I got to tell you the team there did a great job responding to the crisis. We had minimal impact if anything over the course of a month. And in general, when we talk about the river, in terms of raw materials coming in and out, there really hasn't been much of an impact at all. The river has been pretty good in terms of the flooding, we haven't had too much of an issue, a little bit on the Mississippi, but nothing that's impacted our plants, either with shipments going out or raw materials coming in.
John Ferriola: Anything that was outside of what we mentioned specifically in the opening comments, we will not be able to comment on.
John Ferriola: First of all, on the comment about our potential growth opportunities outside of what we mentioned, it's a general statement. We are constantly looking for good opportunities to grow our Company profitably. You've heard me mention many times our five drivers of profitable growth as we are constantly on the lookout for opportunities that fit those five drivers of profitable growth and continue to grow the diversity of our Company. We take great pride in the fact that we're the most diversified steel and steel products Company in North America for sure, and we think that brings great value to our customers and to our shareholders. So we will continue to look for opportunities that expanded there, and that met with the criteria we've established in our five drivers of profitable growth, but beyond that, I really can't say anything more specific. In terms of the earnings going into the second quarter, what we said was they will be similar and I think that's really all we can say at this time. We are in a very cyclical business, things change rapidly. As we see the second quarter right now, we see the earnings, the volumes to be about the same, we see the earnings to be similar and that's how we view it right now.
John Ferriola: Well we mentioned it in the earlier statements that we -- one of the markets that is declining as we go into this year is automotive. We expect it to be down somewhere around 16.8%, 16.9% level compared to 17.2% last year. But the good news is, we continue to grow our market share in the shrinking markets. We have a larger piece of a smaller pie. You're right, a lot of the investments that we're making will continue to allow us to grow our market share in those areas, and specifically, I would mention the cold mill project at Hickman. I would mention the Gallatin expansion project, that's another one that's going to get us into automotive products. So, going forward, we see our market share continuing to grow in automotive. You asked specifically about where do we see us currently, and we'll do about 1.6 million tons this year and by the end of the year, I think we'll be operating at a pace of about 2 million tons per year at an annual rate of about 2 million tons a year by the end of this year. So, we're really excited about the penetration we made into automotive, you asked about what companies we are participating with, I'm not going to give specific names, but I will say that basically virtually all of the 14 OEMs we do business with today and we're really excited about that.
John Ferriola: Well, a couple of comments. The first one, Yes, your last point is exactly correct there is a lot of things going on in the market today, demand remain strong, but we see a lot of things happening. One example I would give you is that, a lot of the service center inventories are coming down quickly and they are getting to pretty low levels, and still a good amount of into sales between service centers, as they continue to work off the numbers from the end of last year. So you see some of that activity taking place, the weather, as I said, impacted the first half of the year, we see that's moving up now, as we go forward. The other issue, I'd want to give you is, as you know, as we see scrap coming down, our customers tend to hold off, we need to see what's going to happen with the scrap. So there is, I believe -- personally I believe there's a lot of pent-up demand, people are waiting to see what's going to happen on scrap and in other areas, but remember the basics, demand continues to be good, imports continue to be lower than they were in last year and they continue to be down, year-over-year for certain. So at some point, we do believe that we'll see the volumes start to pick up as we go through the second half of the year when we were talking about the overall volume being consistent year-to-year, that's overall the cost of the year, we think it will pick up in the second half. At the end of the day, I can tell you that as we said in the -- in the opening statement, we look at 24 end-markets, we talk to these customers all the time and they are very optimistic our customers are very optimistic about what's going on in the marketplace. And the final point I would make is that some of our customers last year, they got a little bit heavy in their inventories because of hedge buying, they thought, they'd get ahead of the 232, they got some heavy loads there that is still working their way through. So a lot of things going on Timna, but at the end of the day, I look at markets, I look at what our customers are saying and frankly, one of the things that I would point out that I think is often missed, by the market and some analysts is, we participate in so many of the downstream markets that we sell into that we get a really good feel for what's happening in those markets. Obviously, in rebar fabrication and Metal buildings and in Tubular. So, we being in those markets have a good sense of what's happening in those markets and we still feel optimistic about the demand that we see in those -- in those markets as well in our steel markets.
John Ferriola: You know, one of the reasons I would give you is that there are some start up mills, I'm not going to speak specifically to any competitor, but when you have new people coming back into the market they've got to earn their way into the market, sometimes I might even say, they've got to buy their way into the market. So we see some of that going on with new entries into the marketplace. Obviously, when you start up a new mill or restart a mill, there's issues with some quality and deliveries and so forth, that force you to be a little bit lower priced again in the market where you're looking to gain, so that's such a drag onto the market, obviously and as I mentioned in the first part of the -- in my answer, scrap pricing going down, leads to an expectation by buyers that will be a better price tomorrow that there is today, so they hold back, that forces us to be a bit more -- little bit more responsible on pricing. So, it's not always a case of pricing following exactly what's happening on the volumes and demand, but I will tell you that when you look at that relative to the fact that demand is strong, scrap pricing is going down, and even if steel pricing is going down, the metal margins we think are going to be good, maybe slightly improving as we go forward. So again, we're still pretty optimistic about the market one of the things that I'm asked often is how do I compare this year to last year, and I answer by saying this is a full year, we're going to have a really good year. Will it be as good as last year? Maybe not, I'll tell you what, it's been a -- will be a lot better than most of the years we've had in the last ten years, that for sure, and it'll be a good year.
John Ferriola: When you talk about our raw material side, you're talking about DRI specifically, I would assume, okay, and as the DRI plant in Louisiana, just to set everyone's mind that you said has been running very, very well, it's not been an issue with our operations there. The issue on performance is the fact that we sell DRI to our home mills, that's what the pig iron pricing is. Pig iron pricing has been coming down, so plus our selling price for the DRI, adjusted for value and use must be going down also. So that's been the biggest impact in the first half. We did have a short outage, I think it was about 12 days where we had a valve fail, it was not a major issue, we did not have to take it offline and do all the things that we do it across weeks out of service. We did have a small outage of about 12 days, but that was not a significant impact to the -- it was basically the fact that pig iron pricing is going down, so DRI pricing is going down. Now that's bad news on our DRI side, but bear in mind that we produce about 3.5 million tons of DRI, we buy about 3.5 million tons to 4 million tons of pig iron. So what we lose on the bananas, we kind of make up on the tomatoes a little bit. You know, and so it's a nice hedging situation where we do lose it on the DRI, but it's nice to get the better price on the -- on the pig iron. Now, one more point you did mention in the second half, I do want to give everyone an update on that. We did mention that there will be a 60-day outage. It is going to be -- they're going to be down probably toward the end of August, middle to end of August and will be down for 60 days, it's going to make major repairs to our furnace vessel, to the control systems and to the refractory, to deal with the reliability issues that we've had in the past in those areas. And there was one more major work that we have to do, which will be, toward the -- probably early next year and that will be on the material handling side. But right now, it's the -- as you know the big problem that we've always had is with the process gas heater and that's the major repair that we're making, a second issue we've had in the past probably the number two issue with reliability was our refractory, and we're also going to be doing -- redoing that during the 60-day outage. And that's beginning of next year, and so we will not have a major impact to the operation, but we will be doing another large project on our material handling side to improve efficiencies.
John Ferriola: I'm not sure it'll be a cost center I think you said it more correctly at the beginning when you said as pig iron pricing changes goes up and down, then profitability of the DRI facility will go up and down. Again as I said earlier, one of the values and one of the reasons we did this was that it does provide a balance for us, a hedge for us against pig iron pricing when it starts to go up. So, yes, there will be times when the DRI pricing is under pressure, because pig iron pricing is under pressure, but also there will be times that it's reversed. So, it's a -- it's going to change as pig iron prices goes up and down.
John Ferriola: So, let me close by saying, again, I want to express our appreciation to our shareholders, and say thank you to our customers. We firmly believe that together we can build powerful partnerships and get powerful results. And finally to my Nucor teammates as always, thank you for what you do for Nucor everyday and most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thank you all for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
Curt Woodworth: So, first question is just on working capital management. If I look at the last two years between accounts receivable and inventory, it's been about a $2.8 billion cash outflow, which I understand you're going to trend up just given what the pricing did and what's going on in the market, but it would seem that there is a significant opportunity to get working capital back out of the Company. I just wondered if you could address that given sheet pricing is back down basically to where it was a year ago.
Curt Woodworth: Right. But if I look at inventory days, you finished last year at 82, a year before that, you're at 73, 66, 57....
Curt Woodworth: Okay. And then just one follow-up on automotive. John, with some of the investments you're making on the galvanizing side, I know, the Company has already had pretty good success on gaining auto share. Can you just talk to your expectations for auto share growth with these new investments? I think you were targeting about 1 million tons of auto sheets either this year or last year and if you could just update us on sort of the amount of OEMs you're engaged with now versus a year or two ago that would be helpful. Thank you.
