John J. Ferriola: Well let me start by saying you hit the nail on the head with your analysis. We mentioned during my earlier comments that a key part of our strategic plan is to continue to grow market share in the higher quality, higher margin, more profitable products. And that's exactly what we've been doing. So, yes, that has some impact on our total output. The higher quality products, although they are more profitable, do tend to run slower on our mills. So that has some impact upon the amount of tons that we ship. But you're spot on. We're looking hard at those products that we believe bring higher margins, higher profits to our company. And that are also more import resistant. Given the overcapacity in the world today, we believe that that's an important element of our long-term strategy.
John J. Ferriola: There absolutely is. In fact in some cases, as is the case with the rebar, we were not at all happy with the determination on the tariff that was applied to the product surging into our country from Turkey. And we're considering strongly going back and appealing that decision. And obviously we will use the pricing data that you just mentioned as a strong component in that appeal. So yes, we can use that information that's out there today. And we will use it effectively. And I would just add to that that we spoke a little bit in the past about the recently passed legislation that strengthens the trade remedies that are available to us. And frankly giving us more effective tools for fighting against this illegally trade products. And we're really pleased with the way that that came out. We're very appreciative to the administration and to Congress for making that happen. And those new regulations, those new guidelines will be applied to the trade cases that are in effect, going into effect now. The corrosion-resistant, the hot-rolled, and the cold-rolled will all be impacted by the new trade remedies that are currently in effect. And as a result we're optimistic as to the outcome of these. We think we have very strong cases, and we expect to have very positive results.
John J. Ferriola: Well let me be clear. I might have confused the issue there for a minute. I was speaking in the case of rebar where there was a determination, we will be able to use that pricing data as we go back into the appeal. In the cases of cold-rolled and hot-rolled and corrosion-resistant we will be able to use that pricing data in these current cases. We will not have to wait for a determination and then use them in an appeal. They can be entered into the case as we press it forward.
John J. Ferriola: In those two instances you just gave it's more of a case of the demand is frankly still pretty good relative to last year. Our demand across all of our products is about consistent, maybe down 2% or 3%. The issue that we're struggling with particularly on plate is the massive amount of illegally traded, unfairly traded products coming in from many countries, particularly Russia is one that I would mention in particular. So it's an issue of excessive supply as a result of imports. There is a little bit of a demand decrease when you look at agriculture and in construction using heavy plate. So there's a little bit of a demand impact. But the real issue on plate without a doubt is the supply and the oversupply as a result of the imports.
John J. Ferriola: Well you've asked two questions. And the answer to both of them frankly is yes. We are seeing customers coming back to us, who are recognizing that right now their inventories are a little bit bloated. So we don't see them pouring in right now with new orders. But we are hearing from them that because of the trade cases and frankly because our pricing has become much more competitive relative to imported pricing, that they have not placed the orders for imports to the same level that they have in the past. And as you know when you're talking about import orders, there's about a 2-month to 3-month, maybe 4-month sometimes depending upon the product, delay or a lag time between when the order was placed and when product arrives. So many of our service center customers in particular are recognizing that the orders that they placed 2 months, 3 months, 4 months ago now do not look nearly as attractive. And unfortunately they're on the water, they're on the way, and they can't be cancelled. So we're going to see this issue of heavy inventories continue for a little bit of time. But ultimately we do believe that because we're more competitive today and because they have seen some other issues with lead times from the imported products, we'll be able to regain that business. We see our customers coming back to us from the imports. The other comment that I'll make just in general, you asked about other customers coming back to us. We're also seeing many new customers approaching us, because they see Nucor as a company with a very strong financial position and sustainable. They know we're going to be here for the long term. And there's some other companies that might be a little bit more challenged, particularly if this challenging time continues for another quarter or 2 quarters. So the answer to your question is yes, and the answer to your question is yes.
John J. Ferriola: Well I'm going to answer that in a more general sense, and talk about how we view what we're doing with our cash. We have been a strong cash generator. This is not a very good year in terms of cash generation from operations. And certainly acquisitions would be one thing that we will look at. But in a more general sense when I think about the deployment of our cash going forward, our first priority will always be aggressive growth, profitable growth in our company. And that can be done several ways. Organic growth has been for us one of the ways that we get the largest returns for the investments that we've made. And you've heard us list today and in the past conference calls numerous projects, in which we are growing our company profitably through organic investments in our existing operations. Frankly, acquisitions is another way that we are deploying our cash to accomplish profitable growth. Skyline would be an example of that. Fairly recent – more recent than that would be our Gallatin acquisition. So yes. We're looking at that. It's a way to not only grow our volumes, but to grow our customer base and grow the breadth of our products. And that's something that's very important as we look potential targets out there. And I take this opportunity to just remind you of one other way that we can grow our company through investments. And that's we got a pretty good track record of growing through greenfield expansion. And I know that there's a lot of overcapacity. And everybody is lifting their eyebrows and rolling their eyes when I say that, but we are constantly looking for unique market opportunities or product niches, in which we can grow our – through greenfield expansion.
John J. Ferriola: Well I've mentioned that the number one priority is to profitably grow our company. And that will always be our first priority. In terms of building up a large cash reserve or a war chest, how are we looking at that, I don't think that we're really looking at it as a need to be able to grow our inventories, our working capital as the businesses get better. That's really not – that is not what is driving it. The opportunity for opportunistic buys as we go forward, again as this challenging time extends out, there might be opportunities, as we've done in the past, to pick up some very good assets at a very good price. You know, Timna, that one our strategies has always been to grow our company during the downturns when assets are less expensive. So we think that that's going to be happening as we go forward. We think there's going to be more assets available at good prices. We want to make sure that we're prepared to capitalize on those opportunities. So we have that. And that's one of the reasons that we're making sure that we preserve our cash. Now to your questions about dividends and buyback programs, I'll make just a couple of comments. Now first of all as you know we pay a very health dividend today. And we've proven in the past that when our profit levels are such that we could pay out a supplemental dividend without adversely affecting our ability to aggressively grow and profitably grow our company, we'll do it. Right now that's not the case. And in terms of the buyback, what we did was we asked our board to authorize a buyback program that was, frankly, in place, so really just refreshing a program that had already been authorized and had been on the books for many years. We did that. We want to be prepared for a situation where there might be limited, profitable growth opportunities that do not provide a large enough return that would outweigh the repurchasing of our stock. In other words when we take a look at the opportunities in front of us, we want to make sure that the return that we gain from those acquisitions, those investments, surpass what we would gain for our shareholders by repurchasing the stock. If that's not the case, we want to be ready. If that situation should come up suddenly, we want to be ready. One thing about this industry, Timna, as you know, it changes. And when change occurs, it occurs rapidly. And we made this move just so that we're ready for that eventuality.
John J. Ferriola: Well and I'll just pick up on that suggestion for a minute, not respond to it directly. But one of the things that you have to remember about our company, we have such a broad portfolio of businesses, such a large portfolio of upstream, core businesses, our downstream. If you look at our various businesses we have about 12 businesses that provide an opportunity in which we can invest. That's a large number of opportunities and it spans a very broad spectrum of opportunity. So as I look at the situation going forward, we can see opportunities both upstream, core business, and downstream. And we want to make sure that we're ready. We think they're going to be coming available as this – as people struggle to get through this challenging time. And we want to be positioned to take advantage of that, to capitalize on that.
John J. Ferriola: Well as we've said many times that our DRI investment is a investment for the long term. And that we recognized and we recognized right from the beginning that there's going to be pricing situations in raw materials, in which the DRI investment is going to be a single and times when it's going to be a home run and times when it's going to be a grand slam. But the other point that I would make is that we always look at our investments for the long term. And when you look at the macro impact reasons for making the investment, the fact that manufacturing is leaving the country and with it prime scrap. When you look at long term, we still believe that the availability and the pricing for natural gas will be much more attractive than that for coking coal. When you look at the improvement in the efficiency of automotive blanking, which results in less prime scrap availability, even in periods where the automotive market is very strong. For all of these reasons, as we look long term, we believe that having the ability to produce a low residual scrap substitute product for Nucor is going to be a very good investment.
John J. Ferriola: And if I may, Timna, what – if I can, which is I let you ask a second question, maybe you can make me – let me make a second statement about this response.
John J. Ferriola: And that's one thing that we – I don't know that we emphasize enough when we talk about the DRI project and what it does for us. And that gives us – it's that it gives us tremendous flexibility in our selection of raw material use for our currencies (44:11). And by using that flexibility we're able to impact other scrap or other iron unit products. And that has been very beneficial to us. I mean you saw – you've seen the impact of that a couple of months ago when we saw such a tremendous drop in scrap. And I would also suggest to you that whenever we put in or take out 4 million tons of a scrap substitute product, it's going to have an impact on other iron unit products. It's just going to have an impact. So it gives us tremendous flexibility and the ability to better utilize our scrap mix to enhance our low cost position as a steel supplier.
John J. Ferriola: Well again you hit the nail on the head. Certainly energy, in which a lot of our special bar quality products go into energy. That has taken a tremendous hit. We mentioned earlier, agricultural. That has been way down. And of course we have a lot of product, bar products, long products going into agriculture. So that's another area where we've seen a declining market. And finally I would say heavy equipment. And the heavy equipment market is down. And once again I'm going to go back to my favorite subject, and that's of unfairly traded imports, because when you look at particularly rebar, the tsunami of unfairly traded rebar into this country over the last year has been – it's just totally unacceptable. And it has had a tremendous impact upon our volume and our profitability in that area in our bar products.
John J. Ferriola: $50 to $70. And when you have that kind of a scrap price drop, it certainly has an impact on our scrap operations. So yes, we've seen improvement in our DRI performance and the performance of our DRI plant. But the raw material has suffered as a result of the – our scrap operations.
John J. Ferriola: Well first of all – if you're asking is that data being considered now? Is that's the question? I'm sorry I'm not following you.
John J. Ferriola: Well remember that we get to testify during the final argument so to speak before the determination is made. Clearly we will bring up pricing today, pricing between now and the time of the hearings and the final – excuse me, the testimony in the final hearings. And all of that will be submitted and be considered.
John J. Ferriola: It's actually just the – for the AD case it's actually December 30 to be specific. And for the countervailing duty case it has been extended out to November 2.
John J. Ferriola: There are some similarities. And actually the way that it differs is that the amount of hot-rolled and all steel products that China is exporting today, compared to where it was back then, has increased by a magnitude of I don't know, 10 [times], 20 [times], 30% – times rather. It's just unbelievable. But they're talking about exporting. I think the number year to date that's coming out of China somewhere around 72 million tons year to date. It's expected to go up to over 100 million tons this year. Bearing in mind that the entire U.S. market is 100 million tons, that's a ridiculous amount to be exported out of one country. And it's a direct consequence of their building a tremendous amount of overcapacity in China. So yeah, there's some similarities in the sense that they're flooding the market today. They flooded the market then. And we will be aggressive in pursuing cases against them today as we were back in 2000.
John J. Ferriola: Well first of all I have to say no to the first part of your question. The integration is not going as we expected it to go. Frankly it's going much, much better. And we knew going into that – into the acquisition that we had a lot of similarities in our culture. And clearly cultural compatibility is very high on our list of targets that we look to acquire. And all I can say – and I hope our teammates in Gallatin are listening – those guys have done a great job coming up to speed. They are doing a great job of integrating and simulating into the Nucor culture. We share a lot of similar cultural traits. And in one area frankly – and I want to thank them for this. In one area they helped us get a whole lot better. And that was in the area of safety. Safety performance before the acquisition was outstanding, their commitment to working safe is phenomenal. And the way they run their safety programs is phenomenal. And we've learned quite a bit from them. So despite the fact that Gallatin is operating today in an extremely tough market. The energy, which is a big product coming out of Gallatin, as you know has been really, really challenged. But our teammates are doing what we always do at Nucor, and that is finding new ways, new products. One example would be that they are working hard to qualify for automotive products. And we expect them to be successful in that attempt. And all I can say is it is without a doubt going much better than we anticipated. And one other comment to your question about the where are they getting their raw materials from? Obviously on the scrap side there's a lot of synergies with our DJJ operations right up the road is River Metals (55:00). And in scrap substitutes today, they are taking scrap substitutes in. We are working to modify the plant so that it can accept DRI out of our Louisiana plant. And we expect that to be up and running some time the end of next year, first part of 2017, the DRI.
John J. Ferriola: Well let me start off by saying that this is the second time in your one question where you've made me smile. Question about Gallatin made me smile about how well that has gone. And I'm smiling now, because I can tell you we have completely digested the higher cost iron ore. We've worked our way completely through that. And so the second part of your question was of the $28 million loss in the quarter. Now first of all I would suggest that the number is actually closer to...
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. And I – one of the things that if you'll – another reason why I'm smiling to be honest with you is that our Louisiana plant was cash positive for the last 2 months, and that's a significant improvement. Now they will continue to be challenged given the current pricing of raw materials in general. That's going to be a challenging operation for a while. As I said earlier we don't expect it to be a grand slam in this pricing environment. But long term we have a great deal of confidence that it was a good investment and will pay large dividends over the long run.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. That's a great question. It's an area that we're very proud of the way that we've been able to grow that business. When you ask about specific shipment rates, in 2015 we are on track to ship at a rate of about 1.4 million tons a year. And that's about a 20% improvement over where we were last year. In terms of a breakdown between sheet and cold finish, today about 85% of our products going into automotive are in sheet products, and 15% coming out of some form of SBQ or cold finish. And in terms of where we want to go the sky is the limit ultimately. But over the next 2 years to 3 years we are confident that we will be able to grow that business to a rate of about 2 million tons of shipments per year going into automotive.
John J. Ferriola: We want grow it to 2 million [tons]. Okay? Over the next 2 years to 3 years. Beyond that we will continue to grow in that market, as we will continue to grow in all high quality, higher valued, and more import resistant products.
John J. Ferriola: Well I would start off by saying that we do think that the rate of growth in non-residential construction as we measure it in square footage has slowed. At the beginning of the year we were anticipating somewhere about an 8% or 9% growth over the course of the year. Today, we would say that that number is probably closer to 5% or 6% today. So we do see the rate of increase, the rate of growth, slowing as the year has progressed. Now, when I look at our business in particular, Nucor's business and our downstream businesses, what's frankly going to the non-residential construction. And we're feeling pretty good about our backlogs. Our backlogs today in all three of our downstream businesses – Vulcraft, Verco, building systems, and Harris – our backlogs are the largest they have been, the strongest they have been in a 10-year period. And when you couple that with the profitability that we talked about earlier, we've had a very good quarter for our downstream businesses. Although we see the rate of improvement slowing, we still feel pretty good about our downstream businesses and their ability to compete in the construction market.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. And it's hard to take a look at – that's a business that – those projects are long-term projects, some of them spanning several years. So as you look at the length of time, it becomes cyclical. The order entry rate becomes cyclical. The shipping rates will become cyclical. So it's hard to look at any one particular quarter and compare it to another particular period of time. You've got to really look at the overall order entry rate and the backlogs. And that's what we use to track how we see the business performing.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. Well I'll start with that one. But I would like to address both of them. We are absolutely concerned about TPP passing in its present form. Now, remember we all, all of us, have not yet gotten a chance to take a look at the complete document. So I'm not going to say whether or not we would favor it or we would struggle with it, until we have an opportunity to read and study the entire document, which we have not had at this time. That said, I will say that we are extremely, extremely disappointed that it's not – that currency manipulation is not more strongly baked into that agreement. At the end of the day you can have all kinds of trade agreements and if a country manipulates its currency, it's guaranteed to have an unfair trade advantage. And so we have – what we are insisting upon with TPP is that it does, as it's promising to do, and that is to provide a more level playing field, on which we can compete. We at Nucor are absolutely convinced that if we were given a level playing field to compete upon, we would compete successfully against any company or any country in the world. So we're taking a hard look at TPP before we come out with a definitive statement, but you are absolutely correct in saying that currency manipulation not being a part of that agreement makes us really struggle about the impact it will have on our company, the impact it'll have on our industry, the impact it'll have on manufacturing in the United States, and the impact most importantly that it'll have upon middle class Americans working hard to make a living and to make a better life for themselves and their family. So you got a little philosophical. So did I. Okay? Now to infrastructure. Once again I have to say that I'm disappointed in the administration and frankly in Congress in not taking advantage of what I consider a great opportunity. Right now, steel costs are down. What a time to focus on rebuilding our infrastructure. Okay? Energy. Okay? How important is energy in our – going forward in a manufacturing world and for our country frankly? What a great time to be able to rebuild our energy infrastructure, our power grids. And frankly, with the price of oil where it is today and the resulting price of gasoline at the pump, it seems to me like this would be a great time to be able to – and I know this is politically unpopular, but I'm not running for office so I can say it. Okay? This would be a great time to just put a little bump onto the tax of the tax rate on gasoline and use that money to rebuild the crumbling infrastructure of this country. What an embarrassment. 30 years, 40 years, 50 years ago, we were – our country was known for its infrastructure. People came here to study how we build bridges. And today you look at it. And overall our bridges, our infrastructure as a whole just recently received a D-plus. And they were bragging on the fact that it wasn't really D, it was D-plus. Okay? We don't need infrastructure – if we're going to have a manufacturing powerhouse in the 21st century, we need infrastructure that gets an A-plus, not a D-plus. This is a great opportunity to rebuild our infrastructure. I'm extremely disappointed that we continue to kick the can down the road on funding with three-month extensions after extension after extension. I believe that there's something like 33 or 34 three-month extensions since 2008. That's an embarrassment. And I really hope that our leaders step up to the plate and do not miss this great opportunity to rebuild the infrastructure in this country.
John J. Ferriola: Okay. Well clearly, the way that we have been able to grow our automotive presence has been through investments in our company. The vacuum-tank degassers throughout all of our sheet mills, the wide, light project at Berkeley that – the work that we've done and the advances that we have made in our advanced high strength steels, those have opened the doors for us in growing our automotive presence. And I also have to say that the automotive companies recognizing the long-term sustainability of Nucor and the quality and service that we've been able to provide for them, have attracted them and given us the opportunity to grow in those areas. In terms of your specific question relative to how we see it growing over the next 2 years, the answer to that would be a yes. We're basing that upon qualifications that we've already – have been through and have passed and qualified for applications in future platforms and commitments that have been made to us on future platforms. So we are confident in that projection of 2 million tons to 3 million tons. I would also add just one more thing on that is you mentioned the commercial and marketing. We recognize the need to improve our marketing into automotive. And to that end we've established a sales office right in Detroit. It's the first time Nucor has had a sales office located in Detroit. We've named a sales manager to oversee automotive specifically. And this is an extremely experienced guy with a lot of years in the service. And again we're confident that we will be able to commit the – we will be able to fulfill the commitment that I'm making to you and that our commercial team has made to me that we will get to 2 million tons over the next 2 years to 3 years.
John J. Ferriola: Right now given the pricing that we're seeing in natural gas and that we expect to continue through 2016, we don't see any significant change in our drilling program. There might be a couple of wells that we might have to drill in order to maintain the leases on the property. And we would want to do that. We've got some great property there, and we want to maintain the leases on those properties. But frankly I don't see us changing our drilling program at this time. And in terms of hedging we feel confident that we see natural gas pricing remaining low for at least next year. And so we're pretty comfortable with our gas positions.
John J. Ferriola: Okay. Well let me conclude by saying thank you to our shareholders for your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We truly appreciate your business. We know that without you there would be no us. And I want to say thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders, and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly thank you all for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
