John Ferriola: Long products are definitely challenged due to the import surge that we've seen, most notably in our rebar business but certainly also in our merchant business. And you're correct, we do see scrap pricing going out for the next couple of months to be somewhat stable, maybe softening a little bit, but pretty stable. Now having said that, we've got trade cases going on today on rebar, and we fully expect to have successful outcomes on and we believe will help steel with import surge over the next few months. But hoping that to be the case. If it is, we should see a reduction in the imports and with that, improvement in the market and demand for rebar in the United States.
John Ferriola: Well I'd say that we're optimistically cautious. Of course, we'll just be optimistic as we look out into the quarter. There's always a great deal of uncertainty in our business, well I would say a couple of business. We’re not sure exactly what's going to happen out there. Over the next couple of months we will certainly learn what’s going to happen with 232. That could have a very significant impact. My take on it, frankly, right now is it's probably not going to be everything we hope it to be, but it’s certainly going to be more than what we have right now.  So as I look out into the third quarter and I see pricing seems to be holding and improving in Flat-Rolled Products, stability in our other businesses in terms of demand, a scrap number that is stable going forward and potentially some help on 232 and even failing that, I do expect to have continued successes we've seen over the last 12 months on the ongoing cases, the ongoing trade cases, particularly as they apply to long products. We've seen success in plate. We expect to have some more success in plate. And as we look out into the quarter, you've got to remember that a lot of the bookings are already placed. A lot of our sheet businesses on the contract that’s predicated upon CRU numbers from the previous quarter. So when we factor all of that into what we see, at least at the beginning of the third quarter, relatively same performance as in the first half of the year. As you go out further into the year, as I said before, we are cautiously optimistic and we'll see improvement both in demand and in some outcomes out of Washington.
John Ferriola: Well let me start by saying absolutely not. We work on what we can control, we focus on what we have under our control. And that’s what we predicate our business plans upon, and on investment strategies upon and that is what we have built them upon. We know what we can control. We know what we can import. We can influence what happens in Washington. We cannot control them. So our focus has always been on what we can control. The investment strategies that we've made, the plans that we've laid out. I'd be happy to talk about them if you want more detail on them. But it's been part of our strategy since our company began to invest for the long term. We are long term-focused company. The investments we make are for the long term. The things that happen over the next couple of months in terms of what comes out of Washington and I understand there's a lot of focus on that. To me, that's icing on the cake, that's gravy, that's something that whatever comes out – and I'm sure that with something coming out that's beneficial, but what level remains to be seen but it will be beneficial. Whatever does come out will be a positive to the plans that we've already laid out that we're confident will continue to focus on long term, profitable growth.
John Ferriola: Will I’ll be a little bit broader if I can. We’ve been talking about that one specifically. Its well, going extremely well. It's right on – it’s early in the process, but certainly, it's right on track. And we have that cold mill going in at Hickman. That is going to do wonders to advance us even higher than we are currently in the value-added automotive market. It's a very specialized mill. It's a third-generation, ultrahigh strengths. That will allow us to continue the progress that we've made, the outstanding progress that we've made in penetrating automotive. That will then be further supplemented by our automotive-quality gal-line in Mexico, with our partners at JFE. As you know, those guys are premier, automotive suppliers known on a global basis. For them to be partners with us, is just a credit to what our team has done in terms of advancing and to automotive, the quality and service that we have been able to deliver. You add that to another investment we're making at our Gallatin facility, another gal line. So we did a very just a hot band gal line. It's ultra-wide, it will be the widest in North America. It's extremely heavy gauged. Frankly, it's just about twice as heavy that's produced currently today in the Midwest, which is a great market for galvanized, a growing market. So you add all of this together, we've got a very well-focused – and I'm – it's too early to share some of the other plans that we have on our long product side. But I can assure you that we are really developing a long-term strategy to deal with some of the issues that are happy to tell you long products. So altogether, answering your question, we've got a definitive plan for long-term profitable growth. We're executing on it well, and it's not influenced by what's coming out of Washington. It's influenced by what we can control. And whatever comes out of Washington will be gravy for us as we go forward.
John Ferriola: Sure. Well, we always worry more about the imports. Frankly, there's new competition coming on domestic competition. We've been living with that for the last 40 to 50 years. We're going to live with it for more years going forward. And frankly, we welcome that competition. We enjoy good competition on a fast, level playing field. We do not fear competition on a level playing field. We are confident in our team's ability given a level playing field to be successful without a doubt. So more of those comments are focused on the import situation. And when I look at the different markets that we are participating in and the advantages that we have in some of those markets, automotive, construction, energy, just being a bunch of – just a couple of names to put out there. We are very confident in our ability to compete extremely well against domestic competitors on a level playing field. The challenge that we have and we will continue to fight, and I know that we will continue to have more success on is with imported products.
John Ferriola: Well, I certainly didn't use the word dire, okay? Challenged, maybe, okay, but not dire. And once again, you're spot on with your follow-up comments. We are having success with rebar on imports, on trade cases. We will continue to have success. It's a little bit of a whack a mole game. You've heard me use that term before. You need to try different countries. You try different companies. But I will say, as I've said several times before and I think we're actually seeing some of this coming to fruition as we talk about more holistic solutions like 232. My comment being that Washington is beginning to understand our elected officials, the administration, beginning to have a better understanding of the consequences of imports not only on our economy but on our national security. And as a result, we are seeing more and more support for trade cases and for more holistic solutions. But particularly on the trade cases, we're seeing much greater success than we've had in the past, quicker turnarounds. There's been several things that have come to into effect in terms of enforcement that are now supporting the trade cases as they get successfully prosecuted. So yes, I'm confident that we're getting the handle, getting our hands around imports. It's always going to be a battle, but I continue to see more and more success and with that, a better competitive situation on rebar, rebar fabrication and frankly, on all of our products.
John Ferriola: Okay. A bunch of questions there. Okay, wondering let me see if I can handle them one at a time. I'll start with a question about if we get a good ruling on 232, we have concerns about being able to meet the needs in the marketplace and my first answer to that is absolutely not. You asked if we have any flex. I believe, what you meant by that was the ability to produce more steel in our existing facilities. Nucor is also doing that. We've been doing that forever. We will continue to do that. We will find ways to get product out that we need to meet our customers’ demand. As I made the comment in Washington a couple of weeks ago when I was asked a similar question, I said bring it on. Give us a chance. Let us show you what we can do. We will take care of that. Now for the longer term answer to that though on the 232, what – why we're pushing so hard forward 232 and what holistic solution, is that it provides an environment of sustainability so that we can continue to invest for the future. You have to create an environment where you get the right returns for the investments where you know that you have certain operating utilization rates based upon being able to have a reasonable limit on the market penetration of imports. Once that's accomplished, there's no doubt in my mind that Nucor will continue to invest. Let's look at it this way. We invested $7 billion without having that, okay. What do you think we would do if we had a sustainable environment, that we'd be confident on getting the returns? There's no doubt in my mind and there's no limit to looking over at Mr. Frias and I’m absolutely confident that there's no limit to our buildup – there's always a limit but it that a pretty high limit our ability to raise the capital that we would need to able to make significant investments, to meet the future needs of our customers and that's in, of course, all of our products. Rebar, merchants, plane, sheets to my you name it, HSS. As I've said in Washington, give us – give our industry the opportunity to show you what we can do by providing a sustainable environment in which the industry can operate in, and I am confident we will meet the needs both militarily, and commercially and economically. Now is there another question in this? So I've think there's the galvanized.
John Ferriola: Well, auto weakening is taking place. There's no doubt that it's plateaued. I'm hearing numbers around 7.1 units versus 7.5 units, okay. There's no doubt in my mind that there's some weakening going to be occurring. It's only to the effect. I would tell you this, at the end of the day, our part – our market share of automotive continues to grow. So when you look at how we've gone over the last several years and how we anticipate growing over the next couple of years, we'll be getting a bigger piece of a smaller pie. So in terms of our growth in automotive, we're confident we can continue to grow in automotive. And in terms of more general comments on the galvanizing line, if you look at Nucor, we tend to be underweighted and galvanized. Where the galvanized represents about 18% of our product today, of our sheet products today, most of our competitors have numbers closer to 30% to 35%. If you look at our existing coating lines, Timna, we've been running at full capacity, full utilization since 2014 on our galvanizing lines. So it only makes sense for us to continue to grow that business. I'd also point out that the galvanized consumption in the U.S. is growing. It's expected to grow pretty significantly between now and 2020. And as that – as a further comment, the two lines that we are building, I've touched upon this early but I'll reiterate. The two lines that we're building are not traditional lines. Our line at Gallatin is ultra-wide. It's going to be a wide, heavy gauge. Goes up to 0.25 inch. Our current capacity, I think, is 0.125, maybe. So it's about twice what of we can currently produce. It's going to be located in the Midwest, which is the largest galvanized consuming region in the country. So we're confident that there will be room for us there because it is more of a niche. It's not just another galv line. And the same is true in our mill – galvanizing facility we’re building in Mexico. It's not just another coating line. It's a very specialized, automotive-grade, very high spec galvanizing line that we feel will meet the needs of advanced deals that are coming down the road. Point out one more thing quickly, and that is the location of it in Mexico is perfect. We're surrounded by automotive companies that have been relocating there. We've got a great Japanese partner that will help us get into some other companies that we haven't been able to get into yet. 
John Ferriola: Well, if we use 2007 as kind of the peak market, I would say we're somewhere around 65% of where we were back in 2007. So it's getting better. It's continuing to improve. But it's – as I've said in the past, it's a slow rate of improvement. When I look at this particular year, it's kind of – I think it's going to be an interesting year. So I recently projected a growth of about 4%, 5% over the course of the year. If you look at the first half of this year, you had to have some negative growth somewhere in the neighboring of about 3% to 4% negative. So for that to come out and hit 5% I think is probably unrealistic. I would put the number today, maybe closer to overall flat for the year or up 1%, 2017 over 2016. But even with that small differential, what that does bode well for us as a second half of the year in construction. When we look at – and that's supported by some things we do see. The guards have this thing they call the momentum indicator. That's positive. The ABI is positive. We always look to our downstream businesses, to our auto entry rate to get an indicator of construction markets going forward and that's also a positive. When we look in particular areas, we see one area of nonresidential construction that has been somewhat positive, has been infrastructure, particularly on the bridges. For us that's good news for our structural business and particularly, with some investments we made recently with wide [ph] piling and the QST. So – and we are still hoping for some news on our infrastructure build, which would prolong the cycle. And I've spoken a lot about the nonresidential construction, but I will point out that residential constructions having a good year. That's up about 4%, or 5%. And while it doesn't have the same impact on steel consumption, you do have some impact in terms of white goods, appliances and some of those other kinds of things. So overall, second half of 2017, I think, will be better and the first half on construction, at the end of the day, we'll be up maybe 1% year-over-year.
John Ferriola: I apologize. I was putting those two words together and I couldn't figure out what the word was okay. Plate volumes continue to be strong. There's several reasons we can give for that. First one that I will point out is our Hertford County plate, plate mill with its heat treating; new on the plate that we're able to produce there with some military applications. That's been good for us. Our new addition mill in Longview, Texas. Although that's still coming online, it's – we've been able to introduce a lot of new grades there. That's helped us there. And we've had a positive outcome on the trade case. So there's a – again, I mentioned earlier, bridges. That's obviously – a lot of plate goes in the bridges. So that's been good for us. I got to tell you then, this is a shout out to our teams on the plate side. They've done a great job not only on new grades that have been developed, but new applications that they're going into, new customers and frankly, the team down in Longview. Tell you what, guys, you're doing a good job. Please keep it up. Just keep doing it safely, okay? So no, I don't expect to see any significant change in our plate volumes. And again, if we get the kind of results we're hoping out of Washington, not only would I not expect to see a decrease, I would absolutely expect to see an increase in volumes and other aspects of our plate business.
John Ferriola: I'd be happy to answer it. Fully stable on rebar and merchant bar. That's been pretty stable. We really are focused on our SQB business, excuse me, okay, and particularly out of our Memphis facility and our Norfork facility in terms of new grades. In Memphis, we've added the heat treating, which has really helped our business. Our cold finished business is getting better all the time, and that's another downstream outlet for our SBQ. So our billet business, another of our SBQ billet business has been strong the last couple of quarters. So what's really grown, driven the change over the last couple of quarters has been our SBQ business. And of course, that means also our cold finished business beyond that. So that's what really drove – to what drove the business. One of the things you can't have more volume coming out of SBQ if you're not getting more approvals and qualifications from automotive customers our heavy equipment customers, specialty customers. And as such, adding all of our products as we continue to drive up the value chain become higher-value, more specialized. We're able to pick up not only more volume, but better pricing that goes along with it. So hats off to the team at SBQ and cold finished. Thanks for the job you're doing. Keep it going.
John Ferriola: Let me just conclude by saying thank you to our shareholders. We really appreciate your confidence and your support. As always, thank you to our customers. We appreciate your business. Without you, we're not around. So thank you for your business. I want to say a special thank you to my Nucor teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
Jim Frias: Yes, that’s a great question. And the biggest change was related to intercompany profit eliminations related to our DRI raw material business. We have more DRI inventory at the end of the second half than we had at the beginning of the first half, and the margins on that product were increased and we have to eliminate the profits till it comes out at the end as a finished product. And that means not just as a finished steel product business, this is a finished piece of decking if it goes to a deck plant or some part of another steel thing that we've fabricate, piping, tube, et cetera. But overall we look at that number, if we look on the year-to-date basis its $410 million versus $286 million last year. There's two big things that have driven it up year-over-year. One is profitability and how that effects profit sharing. Profit sharing, for our non-officer employees is higher than it was last year by almost $53 million, and intercompany profit eliminations are higher by $68 million. And you're right. Sequentially, quarter-to-quarter, there is a jump and most of that was intercompany profit related to all of our products but mainly, DRI.
Jim Frias: So Phil, if you may recall in my comments as part of our script last quarter, I said that I expected intercompany eliminations to be lower in the second quarter, and I was wrong. So I'll caveat my statement with that week. We had about $32 million of the total in Q1 profitable or – corporate eliminations was profiting – Intercompany profit related. The second quarter's about to be $7 million. I think it's going to be down in the third quarter compared to what it was in the second, maybe closer to the first quarter. But it depends on how much inventory we have and depends on high margins we have. If intercompany inventories get higher and if margins get higher, then we could have a bigger expense. If inventories stay flat and margins stay flat, it will be close to zero.
Jim Frias: Okay I’ll answer that. There are plans in Louisiana and in Trinidad have been running very, very well, running full volume, high quality, great yields, good products and we fully expect them to run that way throughout the third quarter the rest of the year, 2018, 2019,2020 and beyond.
