Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, John. The biggest near-term challenge facing Nucor and the entire U.S. steel industry is the current flood of steel imports into our country. Based on U.S. Census Bureau data, steel imports are on a pace to reach 27.7 million short tons for full year 2012. This represents an increase of more than 20% from 2011 imports of 22.8 million tons and more than 40% from 2010 imports of 19.3 million tons. Such increases are totally inconsistent with a domestic economy that is barely growing as well as a U.S. steel industry capacity utilization rate mired in the range of 70%. Not only are we concerned about dumped and subsidized steel and steel products. We're taking action to protect our interest by asking our government to enforce rules-based free trade. A number of sunset reviews are pending or about to be initiated by the U.S. International Trade Commission. These include cases on galvanized steel sheet, rebar and hot-rolled sheets for a variety of countries. Maintaining these orders is critical to maintaining free and fair trade in the U.S. market. And it's highly likely that new trade cases will soon be filed. The Nucor culture will always be proactive and aggressive in addressing all risks to our business. For that same reason, our team continues to take a leadership role in advocating real solutions to our nation's economic challenges. Our view of the situation is unchanged. The time is right and long overdue to reinvigorate the American economy by seizing new and exciting opportunities. They include capitalizing on our nation's vast energy resources, growing a globally competitive U.S. manufacturing sector ready to prosper on a truly level playing field and rebuilding our decaying infrastructure. Long term, we are bullish in the profitable growth opportunities for the American economy and Nucor. That is why we're working hard to build a stronger Nucor. A stronger Nucor is one positioned to deliver higher highs and higher lows in earnings power to successive economic cycles. Our disciplined execution of our multipronged growth strategy has invested nearly $7 billion of our shareholders' valuable capital since the last cyclical peak in 2008. Those investments have dramatically increased our company's long-term earnings power. That is why our confidence has never been greater that Nucor's best years are ahead of us. Thank you for your interest in Nucor, and we'd now be happy to take your questions.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The trade solutions that we have available to us have numerous facets, and I've mentioned several of them in my script. In addition to that, we are exploring some very new and unique ways to deal with these trade issues that I will not go into on this call. But rest assured that our trade of users [ph] have been hard at work to come up with new ways to deal with the abuse of our markets by trading companies and by foreign steel companies and countries, particularly state-owned enterprises. And we will continue to be very active on these issues along with the entire industry and many in our domestic manufacturing customer base. So just stay tuned, and over the next 6 to 9 months will be a number of things that will be obvious to people about the directions we're taking to deal with these issues. I would also suggest that VRAs are probably not the only time when we had a strong action on the part of our government to deal with a massive flood that occurred during these 2000 to 2003 time period. And there are opportunities for us to deal with this today with tools that are in toolbox and tools that will be added to the toolbox. In addition to that, we are working with our government to find more proactive ways to stop this before it becomes damaging. And that's enough said on that subject.
Daniel R. DiMicco: First thing we need is a recognition in Washington that the best way to get out of this mess that we're in, whether it be jobs or deficit spending, is to get increased revenues coming in from a stronger economy, and that will drive increased demand in steel sectors. Having said that, imports are not falling off significantly enough to have a major impact. We've got -- as I've mentioned in the prepared remarks, it's coming at an annualized rate of almost 28 million tons. That's ridiculous considering how much tonnage is actually being produced by the domestic producers that are operating in the low 70 utilization rates. So there's much more that needs to be dealt with there, and they will be dealt with. And in many cases, the penalties will be retroactive. And so as far as the domestic production and the shuddering at the present time with the RG assets, that's obviously a positive thing for the supply-demand balance, and it helps cushion the negative impact of the poor economy and the flood of imports that have come in. And as far as the new startups go, they're in a desperate situation. They're bankrupt. They're selling their assets, and they're behaving that way in the marketplace. Sooner they're sold, the better.
Daniel R. DiMicco: We are thinking about a whole host of things all the time, exploring all different opportunities. And if we make a move in that space, it will be because the opportunity says it's the right price and the right time to do it. But we are constantly exploring opportunities throughout the downstream through the upstream space literarily on a daily basis.
Daniel R. DiMicco: In general, the larger sections in the SBQ marketplace have been hit the hardest, and certainly, some competitors are more impacted by that than others.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Currently, we buy pellets from 3 different pellet producers. Two are in Brazil. One is in Canada. The startup and the continued operation of Louisiana's first DRI plant will be supplied by those same suppliers and probably in similar percentages to what they do today for us. And we have been and are currently exploring other supply sources. And we will be successful in bringing out some additional supply sources from other parts of the world.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I think that the options become less expensive that are on the table, and that may exist for some period of time. And so again, we will be opportunistic. If we can get something that looks like it'll be a good long-term add to our raw materials strategy, we will take serious look at it. And you'll hear about it when it happens, if it happens. The opportunities -- We believe there'll be more opportunities for that going forward that will happen [ph] .
Daniel R. DiMicco: In addition, I would add to the comments that Jim made in his presentation, his prepared remarks, that the countercyclical cash generation that we benefit from is actually adding to our stronger cash position at the end of the year people might be forecasting. So that only serves to help us in regard to issues like you're talking about.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, first off, people all like to focus on the positive when possible. I mean, when we see a nice uptick in the housing side of things, it tends be portrayed as good news, which it is. But relatively speaking, we're still at dismal levels overall. And so I think that this will -- it's something that is going to take longer to have a positive impact on the commercial construction than would have been normally the case coming out of recessions where housing had suffered. I have no idea exactly the timeline on that, but the way things are going in Washington with the lack of action on the economy, the dismal performance of the economy and job creation, the threats to the business community and the private sector, there's -- things are going to happen slower as long as that's the case. And hopefully, that won't be the case for a whole lot longer. Whoever wins the presidency, hopefully, they will do the right things to stimulate this economy and create job creation. And so we still see the nonresidential, which commercial would be a component, struggling. While our downstream businesses have been profitable now for 2 quarters in a row, as Jim mentioned, it's still a very weak environment out there. And we've got -- under the current set of circumstances, we've got a couple of years yet to deal with before we start to see strong non-residential construction market. Hopefully, we can -- we will be able to change that. I know we can change it if we do the right things. It remains to be seen if we will or not as a country.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Excuse me, Timna. I think on one previous call, John talked about a product that we made for Nissan, was it, and satisfied the most demanding hood quality requirements for exposed hoods.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Before I turn it over to Mr. Ferriola, the only comment I would make about the term bottoming is, it seems like we had several bottoms throughout a 12-month period in the course of the year, and you seem to hear talk about another "bottom." At the end of the day, the demand in the marketplace will establish where scrap goes and right now, demand is still pretty weak. But John, you had some...
Daniel R. DiMicco: It's also impacted by what the rest of the world is doing, and there has been a general slowing. But that can change, and so it's probably more difficult to forecast today than -- and over the last couple of years than it ever has been. So we'll just leave it at that.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The answer to your first question is yes. We are still on track to move the second DRI facility shortly after starting up the first, if I understood your question properly.
Daniel R. DiMicco: When we start up, the one that we are projecting for midyear and we see that some of the different technologies, not necessarily new technologies but different ones than we were used to working with, prove to be as effective as we've been told, we will begin immediately.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Well, it's a function of overall where demand is. But you have 27 million, 28 million tons of imports coming in, it undermines even the supply, demand situation from an economic standpoint. So it's a combination of those, plus we have, as I probably stated before, plants built that never should have been built, as witnessed by the fact that now they're being basically sold off and should never have been rejuvenated for the umpteenth time and are being sold off again without any strategic players stepping forward. So whether it be new stuff that was brought in, much to the chagrin of some of the major steel player in the world, that's not worked out well. It has impacted the entire industry. And so that's the kind of situation we're in. Even in a good market, "good market" with the imports rate at these kind of levels, there would be a supply, demand imbalance. And -- but certainly, some of the things that are taking place at RG and elsewhere will have a moderating effect. But right now, the demand is -- and the import flows don't allow for it to show up in higher utilization rates, which need to be north of 80%.
Daniel R. DiMicco: And the docks that are under siege these days and sagging from the weight of imports sitting on top of them that have not been sold.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Damages are occurring. It's a matter of a timing issue, and there's time that needs to -- you need to have passed by where those damages are and the case is put together. And those are -- will roll along the way as an industry on a number of those fronts right now.
Daniel R. DiMicco: The problem with comparing any individual company's latest information with the number reported by AISI is it's complicated even for us to figure out, but it has to do with what John said, and that is that the reporting is not from the current time period in some of the numbers that are reported as current. It may sound strange to you, but that's the way it is because it's a reporting line and what have you. It's the best estimate the industry can give at the time, but it won't be as current as what any individual company can give you.
Daniel R. DiMicco: That's a tough call. Certainly, if things don't improve from where they're at, there'll be more opportunities, i.e. failures in the marketplace. And as you well know, sometimes these things take a couple of reiterations of failure to go away. But specifically, I couldn't give you a really good feel for what the odds are of that happening. You'd have to tell me where the economy is going to be in 6 to 9 months. Principally to the flat rolled side, that's probably the most impacted by the things that you're talking about in the marketplace with new mills being built and new players coming in from overseas. Even though these companies haven't gone out of business yet, they're not making a whole lot of money on new plants they've built.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I think, at this point in time, all of the people that have been mentioned, if they are indeed looking, including us, are doing it because it's nonbinding, whatever they're [indiscernible] ...
Daniel R. DiMicco: At this point in time and at the very least, people would want to know, "Okay, what am I going to be up against in the future because this is a new asset?" It didn't need to be built. Despite all the rhetoric, it's never been built, and it's not going to go away. It will end up in somebody's hands. So if you can get a free look-see of what's in there, people are taking a free look-see. But it will get sold, don't get me wrong. It's not worth anywhere near what they spent on it and -- but at the end of the day, the market will determine what it gets sold for and who ends up with it. But the main attraction to it is it's new, it's there, and it's not going to be cut up by anybody.
Daniel R. DiMicco: No, our interest would encompass the entire thing. I don't mean the Brazilian assets. We're talking specifically about the U.S. assets.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I don't want to give anything exactly what our plans would be if we actually ended up bidding and binding rounds and what have you. There are a couple of alternatives for how you deal with the factors, there's no melt shop there, including building one at some point in time.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I think everybody is safe, they're taking a look at it, in that respect. Everybody that's looking at it is taking a look at it to see what they can make out of it. When it gets to the point where it's binding, that's when the rubber meets the road on people's interest.
Daniel R. DiMicco: There are people looking at me cross-eyed here. It's somewhere between 350 and 490, Aldo. We'll get our s*** together.
Daniel R. DiMicco: First off, we're not going forward on import protection. We're going forward on enforcement of the laws that these trading -- so-called trading partners agreed to have access to global markets, including the markets here in the U.S., both WTO-related and U.S. trade law-related and favored nation trading status-related and so on and so on. So we're not looking for protection. We're looking for enforcement of the laws to stop cheaters from cheating. That's number one. Number two, as far as the political parties go, I'm not going to get into commenting about that. I certainly like the strong tough language that Romney is putting out on China and stopping the cheaters. As you well know, our position on China is well known, well documented and no running from that, no desire to run from that. We've had good success with support on trade cases in Washington in the Democratic resilience [ph] too although we've been disappointed there hasn't been stronger action on China, which is the #1 trade issue facing this country not just the steel industry. So at the end of the day, it's who walks the talk as opposed to who just says the words.
Daniel R. DiMicco: I know it would be, but I wouldn't comment on either one. No offense, but that's not something we should comment on. I think you just take a look at the pricing, and it tells you what's going on. If prices are dropping $40 to $50 a ton one month, going up $40 to $50 a ton another month, that pretty much gives you an idea how the industry is behaving, particularly if you understand what's going on with the Turks and others in terms of exporting scrap out of our market. So I don't really want to comment about exactly what we saw taking place and not taking place. But I understand your question. It's a good question.
Daniel R. DiMicco: Thank you, Camille. And once again, we'd just like to thank all our teammates, our shareholders and our customers for your support, our suppliers and also, thank everybody listening for their interest in Nucor. Thank you, all, very much. Have a good day.
John J. Ferriola: In general terms, Michelle, when you look at sheet, first of all, the market was oversold. Pricing had reached unsustainably low levels. Also, when you look at the inventory throughout the supply chain, the inventory's low throughout the entire supply chain on sheet. Imports are down a little bit, and we're reaching a point where customers are beginning to place their first quarter business. So we've seen an improvement in our backlog, in our order entry rate. Right now, our lead times are out just about to December. So all of those factors played into making an announcement on sheet increases.
John J. Ferriola: There certainly has been some slowing in some of the markets of SBQ. In other areas, it's still significant strength. Automotive would be one example of that, and though heavy trucks are off a little bit from the peak where they were a few months ago, still fairly strong. So some SBQ markets have weakened for sure, but then there's others that we're very active in that have remained strong.
John J. Ferriola: The other thing I would add, Dan, is that when you look at the investments we are making in SBQ, they're investments that get us into new products, new geographical territories, new applications with new customers. So even if the market remains a little stagnant, we have opportunities to grow in those areas.
John J. Ferriola: David, I would say very little of it had to do with the asset sales. The proceeds from the sale of wire products were in the tens of millions of dollars, in fact, less than 20, I think, as I recall. And so that really wasn't a factor. In fact, if the pricing trends that we've kind of seen in the pipe for steel was weaker in the second half, the third quarter, than it was in the first half, so we're starting off with a low pricing position, I would say the more likelihood is that we'll get another benefit in the fourth quarter from working capital. And so no, this isn't a onetime thing that's going to reverse direction. It's likely to get another little bit of pop of cash burst in the fourth quarter as well. Maybe not as big as third quarter, but still something there.
John J. Ferriola: And I will tell you with a great deal of confidence, we will be able to achieve that at some point. I go back to the history of mini mill steelmaking, and I remember when people told us we couldn't make garbage-can-quality steel. Look at the things that we're doing today in every aspect of our business. So the investments that we're making, the world-class galvanizing line, other investments, the wide and light project that we're working on, the degassers that we are adding virtually in every one of our mini mills, focus on moving up the value chain in our SBQ business, clearly we are focused on automotive, and we have a great deal of confidence that we will be able to make all of the steels that are used in automotive at some point.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, we are -- I will say this, Timna. We have done trials in -- with many different new domestic and domestic auto producers on a wide range of automotive steel, okay. And what Dan is referring to is a particular application which is, without a doubt, the most difficult application in terms of surface quality. And we did extremely well in that trial.
John J. Ferriola: The only thing that I would add to that, Dan, I think you said it really well. Predicting where scrap is going is always somewhat of a challenge. But there has always been a correlation to iron ore pricing. When you look at iron ore pricing, it's at lows over the last couple of years. Well, it did have a small period where it spiked up, I'd say spiked by a few dollars, and it's on its way back down. So it's -- I don't want to say that it's at a bottom either. I think it's going to -- I think the best way to say it is that at the end of the day, the market will determine what the price of scrap is. And it will be a function of volumes, production levels, utilization levels and what's happening in other raw materials, such as iron.
John J. Ferriola: No, that's it. There is certainly a concern about the overall inventories. It is a result of the imports and all the buying of those imports.
John J. Ferriola: As a percentage of Nucor's business? Somewhere in the neighborhood of 15% to 20% would be a good number for us.
John J. Ferriola: Well, actually if you look at our operating rate as it was recorded, it's 71%. When you look at the industry numbers, the most recent AISI number was just over 71%, 71.2%, something in that neighborhood. And what you have to look at there, David, is there's a little bit of a trailing effect on the industry-recorded numbers because of the way that they are calculated. So we feel confident when you look at the history, be it today's numbers, for example, we're right in the ballpark with the AISI numbers as we were last year. The last year the full year the AISI number was about 74.4%, we were just at 74% even. So we feel comfortable that we're right there with them.
John J. Ferriola: And that's why the best way to take a look at it is to look at it over a period, and so you're not looking at any one particular week of numbers. It doesn't give you an active picture.
James D. Frias: Yes, we are several levels above investment grade. The bottom investment grade is a BBB-, and we're right now on middle A, so we're like 5 brackets above the bottom. And we may end up with a split rating if Moody's does, in fact, downgrade us to a low single A. We will still have an A rating that's split. So we don't like the idea that it could happen, but it's a real possibility. We've always been committed to maintaining a strong credit rating, and we will remain committed to maintaining a strong credit rating. And there's a lot of different ways to achieve growth investments that don't always require issuing significant amounts of debt. So as opportunities come, we'll evaluate them from a number of different perspectives.
James D. Frias: Yes, if you think about what's happened during the year, in the first quarter, we were experiencing a somewhat inflationary look forward, and so we were recording LIFO expenses, expecting the cost of scrap to be higher by the end of the year. That moderated in the second quarter so we reversed our accrual and went to a neutral position. And now in the third quarter, it's clear that scrap prices are going to be lower than they started the year at. And overall raw materials costs -- because scrap is not the only thing that goes in the LIFO calculation. It just tends to be the biggest driver. So having said that, we recorded 3 quarters of what we expect to book for the year at the end of September. And so you'll see a smaller charge or credit in the fourth quarter if things stay the way we foresee them. So we booked, I think, $84 million this quarter. We'll book 1/3 of that in the fourth quarter, if things stay the way we see them right now.
James D. Frias: The second part of your question, you talked about the economics of making the DRI. We have an investor presentation that's available on our website where there's a slide that gives a side-by-side comparison of our DRI making cost at $100 iron ore costs compared to best in class in the world blast furnace with every recovery possibility that exists. And you can see that side by side. And that shows the benefit of what I view at the bottom of a market. And the real benefit -- so it's very cost-competitive with an advantage at the bottom of the market. And at peak market, we'll be a cost-based producer of iron, and iron ore may go up to, say, 180 like it did the last economic peak. Whereas pig iron went to $1,000 a ton, and that's where we will have our real savings.
James D. Frias: And in the second quarter, our pre-operating startup costs were $19 million. They actually slipped a little bit in the third quarter to $16 million, and we're expecting next quarter to be around $19 million again.
James D. Frias: We haven't put our budget together yet. We'll have those budget meetings in November to set that, but we expect it to be lower with the windup of the DRI facility.
James D. Frias: I think the next quarter -- I just talked about next quarter, that's about as far out as we have a good view at. We think might be in the neighborhood of $19 million next quarter, with $16 million this quarter. We'll start ramping up obviously, next year as the DRI facility gets to full employment prior to them actually up -- being up and running. So we'll start ticking up probably, and the second quarter will be the heaviest quarter, I would think.
James D. Frias: Yes, and we'll probably start disclosing it in our earnings release itself when it becomes a material number. Not probably, we will.
James D. Frias: Michelle, we specifically don't give quantitative guidance. We're giving qualitative guidance. And you do a good job with math. We've talked about what LIFO was. It was $0.84 -- $84 million, $0.16. It will be about 1/3 of that next quarter, so you can make that adjustment. You know the onetime startup costs are going to be not recurring. There may be other ones, but we don't know what those are or what those might be right now. And then finally, we are saying that steel mill profits will be lower. So you can do the math from there. We're not saying a specific number.
James D. Frias: Yes. Well, I answered the question on LIFO for an earlier caller. We said $0.16 year-to-date. It was booked all in the third quarter. We're expecting to be in the neighborhood of $0.05 in the fourth quarter. It could change depending on what happens to scrap prices this quarter, but that's our current expectation.
