Carlos De Alba: Good afternoon, everyone. Thank you very much. Just getting back on the volumes growth that you have experienced in the third quarter. It seems that on a year-on-year basis, most of the declines were in structured and plate lines on total shipments. But I’m talking anything that the long products and the non-recession construction market are the ones that are holding up a little bit better. So can you help us reconcile this similarly contractory trends? And how should we think about it in the coming months or quarters? Thank you.
Carlos De Alba: Right. So that is what I understand in the commentary around the end markets. But in the shipments, in the total shipments that were reported, at least on a year-on-year basis, there was a significant decline in structural and plate volumes, total volumes, total shipments, and sheet only came down around 4%. So I wanted to understand these trends.
Carlos De Alba: Yes. That was great, Al. And yes, if you could comment on what you’re seeing for 2022, that will be also great. Thank you.
Leon Topalian: Yes, absolutely. I’ll make a couple of comments. Maybe ask Al Behr, who’s in charge of our Plan Structural Group to make a few comments. But overall, long over many decades now have been our most consistent performers in the marketplace. Historically, again, pre sort of ‘21, ‘22 levels, for example, we were in the structural businesses in the low 70% utilization rates and made very, very good returns based on that level. Again, market leadership position helped that, but also the breadth of products that Nucor runs and producers to take care of that customer base also helps. We did see some meaningful declines in plate. And again, Al, maybe just touch on that, and then we will come back to structural.
Leon Topalian: Yes. Timna, I’ll start us off. And Rex, if there is anything I miss, please jump in. It’s too early to talk about our overall percentage of mix. We’re in the middle of our contract season. And historically, Nucor has been in that 70%, 75% range. Again, I’m not we see meaningfully different. But again, we’re not through that yet and can comment a little more clearly, as we enter the Q4 earnings call in January of next year. But one of the things that – and Al touched on it, it’s really a dichotomy of the markets that we sit today. We’re facing 40-year high inflation supply chain constraints. There were new crane that continues to provide some disruption, monetary policy that’s going to raise interest rates until we roughly double our current unemployment rate. So you’ve got all these negative sentiments in the marketplace. And at the same time, we’ve got some positive. We’ve got automotive, as you’re well aware, of forecasting an additional 1 million tons or 1 million units of new light vehicles coming into the United States in ‘23. Energy, as Al just mentioned, particularly in renewables. Infrastructure spending that’s going to begin to take off. And then the other side of that non-res construction that Nucor is heavily positioned to take care of in our customer base and advanced manufacturing like chips, battery plants cold storage. And so what I would share with you and give you a little more than ambiguous or generalized statements, as we look at the contracts, particularly with OEMs that have been placed so far this year for 2023 and beyond, the long-term play as we see it today in the contracts that have been established are forecasting up in volumes, about 15% for next year. So again, we see some encouraging signs is our order book and our customers’ customers are forecasting out beyond that. So again, some positive news, and again, against the backdrop that remains a little fuzzy as we walk into the new year.
Leon Topalian: Thanks, Timna. I’ll ask Dave Sumoski to maybe provide a couple of comments on raw material sector in our outage plans.
Leon Topalian: Yes, Tristan, I will jump in and begin. And if you have some other comments, please touch base. But as we look at some of the strengths, we pointed out some of the auto sector in ‘23. Again, it’s forecasting up about 1 million units for next year, the solar and wind, particularly offshore wind, as Al mentioned, the positioning and timeliness of Brandenburg couldn’t be more ideally suited. There is very few mills in the world that can provide that offshore wind sizing and platform of – in range of grades and so again, incredibly well positioned, excited about that opportunity. And again, you are seeing that match with the current administration’s continued efforts to ensure that the incentives are there for those build-outs to continue to occur. Within the non-res, again, there is some pressure, but there is also some pockets of excellence that we see continuing. Again, the CHIPS Act that was passed recently in Congress, that’s going to have a wonderful re-shoring impact to the United States and bringing chips supply right here domestically. The continuation and build-out of gigafactories and battery plants for the electric vehicles will continue. And again, we see great strength in that. Cold storage, pharma, all a couple of other areas in distribution and data centers, we see really, really strong growth. As we look at maybe some other sectors in heavy industry and heavy equipment and ag, that’s probably fair, but I am not sure it’s going to meaningfully increase for ‘23. And yes, really, that’s probably the best sectors. As we look at the markets that we track and supply into most for ‘23 are showing stable or improving, and so not a whole lot of decline overall in the markets.
Leon Topalian: Yes, absolutely. I would tell you, I couldn’t be more excited about what our team has done from an environmental and in the commercial position to bring us to the point where we can offer Econiq steels. And so I would tell you the demand continues to increase. We obviously were very public as we went into 2022, the first coil shipped in January of this year to General Motors. However, after that, we have seen great interest from the auto OEMs, but also broader, we are seeing heavy manufacturing, seeing HVAC. We have had some very public announcements as well in the HVAC with Train about that partnership and their pledges to meet their sustainability goals and their long-term reduction in their carbon footprint only gets accelerated with a net incoming steel of zero. So, we are seeing great interest in that, and I think that will continue in the years to come. Our move in the U.S. economy to build out a green and digital economy will be built with steel, and the steel that gets built with matters. And again, we are offering the cleanest steels, the safest manufacturing and most efficient and diverse product offering anywhere in the Western hemisphere. So, again, to your question, Tristan, that move to cleaner steels and a near net zero steel is going to continue that trend in the coming years and beyond.
Leon Topalian: We haven’t released any targets in terms of our volume and what we are going to supply in Econiq. What we have targeted and been very public about is our 35% reduction in greenhouse gases by 2035 – 2030, excuse me. And so that would take us roughly from that 0.48 tons of CO2 per ton of steel produced is somewhere in that 0.42 range and so – excuse me, 0.38 range. And so again, we are making strides and investments every day to continue to stay very close to new technologies, carbon sequestration, hydrogen, reforming and the like, and that will continue meaningfully in the years to go so that, again, we can offer more and more of the net zero steels to our customer base.
Leon Topalian: Thank you. I would like to thank our team for an incredible nine months in 2022 and ask that each of you stay focused on delivering the safest and most profitable year in our history. Additionally, I want to thank our customers who enable our success. We appreciate the trust you place in Nucor with every order, and we will continue to work hard to earn your business. And finally, thank you to our shareholders. With the trust that you place in Nucor, we take that responsibility seriously, and we will work daily to continue to be great stewards as a valuable shareholder capital you entrust us with. Thank you for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Hey Emily, this is Steve. Thanks for that question. Energy is the most pronounced cost increase we have seen. That’s about 50% year-over-year and we gave you some numbers in the script on where we are. Two other parts are also up, outside of the metal spread. So, the substrate is obviously the largest cost input that we have, but freight and labor costs are also up year-over-year. That’s consistent with probably what every company in America has seen. But I would remind you, Emily, that about 85% of our cost in our steelmaking is variable. And that’s a decided advantage for Nucor over many of our competitors that have much less flexibility and adaptability to respond to dynamic conditions and costs overall. So, we are not necessarily happy about cost going up. But as Al Behr mentioned earlier, we run a margin business. So, we manage everything to the margin, not necessarily to the absolute cost.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Phil, I think the other – in addition to talking about cost, the volumes were down for us. So, that’s an important part of maybe that you may have missed in your model assumptions heading into the quarter relative to what actually happened.
Steve Laxton: No, we really did. And I apologize. I can’t see into your Excel spreadsheet from where I am sitting. But our pre-operating start-up costs were in line with the prior quarter, utilizations were down. That’s going to drive your costs somewhat, but the other costs are in line with what you are seeing overall in the marketplace. We are certainly happy to follow-up with you, Phil, and dig into that in more detail and try to help dial into maybe what’s being missed there.
Steve Laxton: Yes. The two big drivers on that really have more to do with some of the start-ups, but also the C.H.I. acquisition that was done. Those two things, if you are picking up amortization in your D&A number, then you are grabbing that one.
Steve Laxton: Yes. Phil, on the CapEx side, we do have about $4.5 billion of projects that we have announced that we will be working on between now and 2025. So, we will have an elevated level of CapEx here for at least for next year. And so we will be likely north of $2 billion. We will refine that further as we go into the end of the year here and finalize our budgets. On the working capital, as you said, we released just under $600 million in the quarter on working capital depending on where your model is assuming on volumes and prices, you could see a similar number or even slightly higher in the fourth quarter.
Phil Gibbs: Yes. I just wanted to stick with Emily’s question a bit longer because, I mean my model kind of exploded here in terms of costs because my spreads were better, but my steel profits were not. And the sequential pickup in my model was pretty substantial for conversion costs, so even on a sequential basis. So, I am just trying to think through that? And then maybe just expand the conversation a little bit because there wasn’t just a little bit of a pickup.
Phil Gibbs: No volumes were pretty much there. And revenues were actually a little bit better than what I had. And so just to solve for that, it had some math. I don’t know if you loaded a bunch of maintenance into the quarter. And that was substantial. I am not really sure, but I just really stood out.
Phil Gibbs: Okay. And then just lastly on looking probably a little over $2 billion of CapEx next year, I think you had laid that out prior. So, I just want to reiterate that if you could. And then anything that you can comment on in terms of working capital in Q4 and what the size of the magnitude could be of the draw? Thanks.
