John J. Ferriola: The utilization rate overall for our company was about – in the steel business, about 74%, and in our sheet group particular, we were operating at about 81%, 82%.
John J. Ferriola: Yeah. We definitely anticipate seeing an increase in both volume and in pricing as we go into the second quarter. Frankly, when you look at our sheet number that we gave you, clearly, there was a stronger utilization rate in our value-added cold-rolled and galvanized products. And that's really a function of what the market was looking for in the first quarter. Clearly, the demand was greater for cold-rolled and galvanized. So, when you look at the hot band side of our business, we have quite a bit more gas in our tank, so to speak, and we expect that that market to improve significantly as we go into the second quarter. Some of the reasons behind that, clearly, in first quarter and at the end of last year, hot band was the sheet product most impacted by illegally-traded imports and we believe that we're seeing a significant change in that, as the cases are moving forward and people are getting confidence that our administration, our elected officials are going to be enforcing our laws more rigorously. So, we anticipate a pick-up in volume and in pricing in our hot band and, as I said earlier, of the three products galvanized, furlough, and hot band, we've got the most room to expand our hot-band products.
John J. Ferriola: What I can tell you, let me start by answering your direct question: yes, both are being discussed. Both a possibility? Yes; both a possibility. Frankly, I will tell you that, not only our administration in our country, but as you look around the rest of the world, as evidenced just at the OECD hearings earlier this week, Monday and Tuesday of this week. There is a growing frustration with the blatant disregard for these trade rules around the world. So yes, I think that, A), I think we're going to do much better in our trade cases that are currently on the books. We'll be seeing the results of our sheet product cases sometime later this summer. As you know, we just filed a plate case. We'll probably see the results of that sometime within a year. We feel very confident in all four of those cases that we're going to have strong remedies applied. And then frankly, the discussion of 201 and other more inclusive actions will be discussed. And if necessary, I believe we'll see those implemented.
John J. Ferriola: I'm going to answer that question in very general terms. I'm not going to address any potential JVs or anything like that. But I will speak to our interest in automotive and our continuing interest in moving up the value chain in automotive. Automotive has been great for us over the last three to five years. We continue to grow our presence there. Our products are being extremely well received by the automotive producers, both the domestic and the new domestics, frankly here and in Mexico. So we will continue to take a more active role in automotive. We will continue to move up the value chain. We have some interest in exposed, but it's not a focal point for us. We think that where we have to we can produce it and we will produce it, but it's not an area that we will put the majority of our efforts. We focus on body light, advanced high-strength steels that go into those products, into those areas. Now when the right opportunities come along for any specialized galvanizing facilities, we'll take a good hard look at them. And if we think that it continues to build upon our ability to grow in that market, we'll take them. I can tell you that Nucor as a whole as well as our products are being well received in the automotive market. Think about the fact that companies in the past, and I apologize if I'm repeating myself, but it's important to think about. When steel is specified for a product that's coming out to a platform, you specify the steel for a platform that's not even going to be stocked and going into production for two to three years. You want to make sure that when you're ready to go into production, the steel, and you specify it for that line, is still around. So the automotive companies are looking hard and making sure that they have reliable suppliers, sustainable suppliers, financially strong suppliers. You can just check the boxes on that when you consider Nucor. So our company and our products are being very well received in the marketplace, and we anticipate continuing to grow in automotive. If you look at just what we've done in Q1, our automotive volume was up about 20% compared to where we were in 2015, and we anticipate it to continue to grow.
John J. Ferriola: I think that it's important to note that although that market – as you look at last year versus going into this year, that market has been relatively flat. But yes, we've been able to pick up our market – improve our market share in that market even though it's been relatively flat over the last 12 to 14 months.
John J. Ferriola: Okay, let me start by saying that there hasn't been much change in the demand market, although we see some areas where we're beginning to see incremental improvement. Obviously, you mentioned automotive being strong; you mentioned the ones that were challenged. But I would suggest that one that we see to continually improve albeit a very slow – albeit at a very slow level is non-residential construction. And clearly, a lot of steel products go into non-residential construction. I also want to make a comment about your question on the oil side. It's clear that we really, particularly Nucor, took – being heavy into hot band took a big hit when the oil market collapsed and the demand for steel into that market collapsed. That said, we really haven't seen any pick-up in it. Now, we recognize that until oil pricing goes go back up into the $60, $70 range, you won't see the kind of drilling that took place in the past. Yeah, people say, well, maybe they'll be drilling at about 50% of the level where it is today for a long period of time. But even with drilling at 50% level it's at today, we haven't seen the pick-up in the steel demand go into the fee, that 50% of the market like we have in the past. So, we anticipate seeing that pick-up some time maybe in the middle of this year towards the end of the year as the steel in the inventory chain begins to use that. And that statement can also be held for when you look at our service center inventories. When you look at – across the board, in almost all of our steel products, service center inventory levels are down. Apparent demand at the service center level is up slightly. So, we see their shipments going up, but inventories coming down. That's good news. So, those are some of the areas that I would share with you.
John J. Ferriola: Let's start with the operational side, because there really is good news to report there. Louisiana facility is running very well. The cost of that facility continue to come down. Frankly, the cost at our facility in Louisiana today rival those in Trinidad, which as you know, are world-class. Quality continues to be excellent, coming out of Louisiana. And it continues to be great coming out of Trinidad also. In terms of whether or not the winds are changing, the answer to that is clearly, yes. Not only you referred to the iron ore price increase, but take a look at what's happening with scrap. In the last 60 days, the price of scrap has gone up maybe $70 a ton, $80 a ton. And pig iron pricing over the last two months has gone up about $100 a ton. When you look at those two factors and the impact that, that has on profitability of our – specifically our DRI operations, definitely, the wind is changing direction, and we anticipate much better results going forward. The last point I would make is remember that the economic impact of the – of our raw material group channel, particularly our DRI facilities, impacts our entire company, not just that one particular group. So, when you look at the benefit that we see from that across the steel mills and our ability to optimize our scrap mix, there's a great economic impact across the company as well as that offsets some of the impact of our DRI facilities in the raw material group. When we look at DRI, because of the way that the pricing goes, that we deliver it to our mills, we'll see a smaller improvement in Q2, with the majority of the improvement coming in Q3, because basically, there's a 60-day to 90-day lag in the increase in pricing that we see at our mills because we transferred the DRI to our mills at the time and at the price where the pig iron is delivered to those operations. So there's about a 60-day to 90-day lag in that. So you won't see this – the changing winds have a major impact in Q2 but we will see some, but you'll see a major impact in Q3.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, very well said. Operationally, we could not be more pleased with the job our team is doing in Louisiana. The quality remains stellar. And as I've said earlier, they've driven the costs down to where they rival our Trinidad operation, which has always been known as world-class both in terms of cost and quality.
John J. Ferriola: We would be able to run at that level. Now we report – that number that you're hearing there is a melt rate. That's our ability to melt steel, about 12 million to 13 million tons. And then when you look at the total amount that we can produce, it always gets a little bit flexible, Timna, because it really depends a lot on mix. You have to take a hard look at what we're running. And as we drift into the higher-quality products, particularly advanced high-strength steels that have advanced high strength, they're harder to run. They have to run at a slower rate. Particularly, when you look at what we've done in our Berkeley facility by going to the wide and lighter facility, that has an adverse impact on the overall capacity. So it really depends, that's why I'm a little hesitant to give a specific number because it really depends on the mix that we're running at any given time. How wide is the product? How light is the product? What is the grade of the product? How hard is the product? What's the strength ratio of the product? All of those are factors. So what we typically do is we talk in terms of – if you want a single number, we talk in terms of what we melt and cast, which is in the neighborhood of 12 million to 13 million tons in our steel mills. The actual product or the capacity of the product coming off of the roller mills, the roller lines, the hot mills will be a function of what is the mix of the product that we're running on that mill at that given time.
John J. Ferriola: Yes, there is. And I know exactly what you're thinking about. Clearly, in the past, we've had discussions about caster and where that could be applied. And as you know that we've just sold the license to Mexico – through a company in Mexico, who is a long product producer, who had extra melt, and that's exactly what they're doing. So, that is a possibility.
John J. Ferriola: Okay, let me sign off by saying thank you to our customers. We really appreciate your business. We know that without you, there would be no us, so thank you for your business. I want to say thank you to the shareholders for our – that we really appreciate your ongoing confidence and your support. And finally, I want to say thank you to our Nucor teammates for everything that you do for Nucor every day. And most importantly, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
