John Ferriola: Let me start with that. Always good to hear from you. And you're right, we do love getting those short-term questions. Even though we can't answer them, okay, we do like hearing them. But I can answer some parts of it. Let me start with the scrap. Our outlook for scrap, we think that scrap has went up -- it's over $100 over the last couple of months, and frankly, we think it overshot a little bit, particularly on the obsolete grades. So we see that cutting back a little bit, dropping back maybe $20 a ton over the next 2 months or so. On obsolete, that's our short-term view. On prime, we think it's a little bit stronger. It perhaps overshot a little bit less, probably a smaller drop back over the next couple of months, maybe in the neighborhood of $10 to $15. When we look at pig iron, we've seen that gone up quite a bit over the last couple of months. Current pricing is in the neighborhood of $325 a ton, but we think that's pretty solid. We don't see that coming back much at all. So on scrap, we can give you a pretty definitive outlook on the short term. In terms of buying, we can answer the question in general terms with what we see going on in the marketplace, and we -- I'm sure we're going to delve into this more deeply as the call goes on. But you see the reports that we see. We see the Drudge Report going up 6% on construction -- or excuse me, the Dodge Report over -- going up over the next quarter, can be up 6%. And we see that supported with our own downstream businesses when we look at the order entry rate. As I've mentioned in the past, we see that as an indicator of what the market is doing. And we see our order entry rates and our quote rates up significantly over the last 2 months, so we think the Dodge Report is probably accurate on that. On the automotive front, you all see the Ward report. That's going to be pretty consistent. They're calling for the year maybe at 17.2 million, 17.3 million as compared to the 17.5 million number last year. So that will be down a little bit. But I would ask you to remember that even if the overall build is down, our percentage of that market share continues to increase. So as we see our position in automotive over 2017, we see it improving. And then finally, energy. Energy, we see as picking up during the year also. We think it's going to be a substantial pickup during 2017. 
John Ferriola: Well, we've had, personally, a small amount of contact with the new administration, but obviously, our trade associations have been very active working with them. As a general statement, we feel very pleased, particularly with the appointment of the cabinet members who will be focused on trade. We believe them to be very knowledgeable about the steel industry and very knowledgeable about trade laws and policy. So we feel very -- we feel good about what we see as the changes coming up in the administration relative to trade and particularly to steel as it pertains to trade. And again, all we're looking for -- as we've said many times in the past, all that we're looking for is a level playing field. We are not looking for any advantage. We're looking for a level playing field. We feel good about the administration's position on China with currency manipulation, and we feel very good about their position on China as a market economy status -- not being granted market economy status. We also are very encouraged by the discussion about a strong infrastructure build -- ah, build and bill. Both President Trump and Senator Brown are both speaking about something significant, in the neighborhood of about $1 trillion over the next 10 years. That has a significant impact on steel consumption. We believe that for every $1 trillion spent, you're looking at about 50 million tons of steel -- excuse me, 50 million over the 10-year period, okay? The $1 trillion would be spent over the 10-year period. So we'd be looking at about 50 million tons over the 10-year period, so that could average out to about 5 million tons a year. So now when you look at that and we say our total consumption in the United States is about 100 million tons, 5 million tons is not insignificant. So the trade policies, their view on infrastructure, all lead to very positive outlooks for us with the administration. 
John Ferriola: With the comments that I made relative to the automotive market and to your point about the acquisitions that we've made into pipe and tube and as you heard in the script, we picked up about 1 million additional tons of potential business. Of course, our sheet mills have to earn that business, but we fully expect them to do that. We feel pretty good about our utilization rates in 2017. We did well in 2016. And given what we see happening, as I've mentioned in pipe and tube and automotive and particularly, in energy, we're expecting and we've -- Preston Pipe projections say that the consumption will go up somewhere from about 5 million tons in 2016 up to 7.2 million -- 7.5 million tons in 2017. That's a significant improvement. And a lot of that is -- as you know, a lot of the product that goes into that is hot band. And as you know, we are very strong in hot band. It represents about 60% of our sheet business. So given all of those factors, we don't give out a specific utilization rate, but I would say that we are very excited about the utilization that we'll have in our sheet mills in 2017. 
John Ferriola: Well, right now, we're scheduled to start construction sometime around May or June. We have picked up -- we've acquired -- we've purchased some of the land that we will need in Mexico. We have options on the rest. And to your basic question, we are watching the situation in Washington very carefully. We're working with our partners, JFE. They have been -- as you know, it's a great steel company. I have to tell you they've been a great partner to work with. And we're watching what happens and recognizing the fact that we do have some options. The equipment is on order. We fully expect to take the equipment and locate it. Right now, we're still planning it's going to be in Mexico. But if something changes and we have some definitive direction that says that's not the place to put it, we do have options, and we will work -- we'll move forward with one of those options. 
John Ferriola: Just if I may make one more comment on the project itself. Regardless of where it ends up -- and as I said, we still expect it to be in Mexico, but we'll watch that. But regardless of where it ends up, the project itself, we are very, very optimistic about. The opportunity to work with a great company like JFE, it's going to improve our ability to make higher-value-added products. We've been working very hard on that. Being recognized as a quality producer by JFE is a big positive for us. Working with JFE and their contacts and the new domestics both in Mexico and the United States, we see that commercially as a plus. So the project is a big plus. We've got some things that we got to work through now that there's been some changes in the administration. And as you know, there's a lot of things going on in Washington. The situation is in flux, and we'll monitor it carefully and make a decision on where to move forward with a very good project. 
John Ferriola: Let me tackle that one first, and then we'll go back to your earlier question. But what it does do is it gives us a greater breadth of product offering to customers who buy across multiple products. A great example would be service centers. As you know, we sell about 30% to 35% of our product through service centers, and they buy large amounts of pipe and tube, particularly HSS. So this gives us a larger share of our customers' wallet, and it gives us a close relationship with many customers. It does get us into -- more heavily into construction, which we see as a good thing. We believe, as I mentioned earlier, construction will be up 6%. HSS obviously goes -- and conduit, both, are big products going into construction. We see that -- those products aimed right at the heart of the construction market. And that's, frankly, one of the reasons that -- along with many others, but it is one of the reasons why we moved forward in this acquisition. Another very important reason, as I've pointed out in the script, is that the cultural compatibility is excellent. They're a low-cost producer. They're focused on continuous improvement. All are important. But the most important issue and the thing that we really liked about them moving forward with this acquisition was the way that they treat their teammates and the way we treat our teammates. So there's a lot of good reasons for moving forward with it. We see it being -- growing stronger as we see construction growing stronger over the next 12 months. 
John Ferriola: At the end of the day, when you look at both steel pricing and you look at scrap pricing, Economics 101 comes into play. Demand will drive pricing. At the end of the day, demand will always drive pricing, both domestically and internationally. So as we go into 2017 and we see the demand improving for the reasons and in the areas that I've mentioned a few times now, we expect demand for scrap to certainly be steady, if not improving over the course of the year. So we don't see this significant drop in scrap. As I said earlier, we think it got a little bit ahead of itself, and we'll see a little bit of a drop back as a result of that on obsolete. But I will tell you that prime scrap remains tight. Again, it might have gotten a little bit ahead of itself, maybe drop back a little bit, $10 to $15. But we don't see a precipitous drop in either obsolete and particularly not in prime scrap. We think it will follow demand. The demand for scrap follows the demand for steel. When we look at the improvements, as I've mentioned in energy, in construction and the steady, fast moving forward in automotive, we think demand for steel is going to be improving in 2017. The demand for scrap will follow, and pricing will be stable. 
John Ferriola: We're seeing a demand improvement in plate. It's a small improvement. We expect it to actually pick up speed as the year goes on, and we're looking for more improvement in the demand side of plate as we get into the second quarter. That said, what I think you see in the strengthening of the product is the fact that we have had significant victories in our trade laws. Now having said that, we still have trade -- ongoing trade legislation that we're pursuing and cases that we're pursuing. But what we've seen to date in the way of success on plate has improved our market significantly in the first part of the year. Now we could get into the specifics of the trade cases, but we've gone against 12 -- we've issued cases against 12 individual countries. And we've been successful on cases that have been against Brazil, South Africa and Turkey, all with sizable tariffs that have been applied, the neighborhood of 75%, 85%, 42% in the case of Turkey. And we're going -- as I said, we're continuing to go after the other countries and particularly -- frankly, particularly going after China, which has been very heavily dumping into our market. We expect these cases to conclude in the next couple of months. And as always happens with these cases, as the conclusion starts to be on the near horizon, these countries begin to back away from the market, recognizing -- particularly, if they recognize that they have been guilty and they know what the outcome is going to be, they start to pull out of the market. And that's what we've seen. So yes, we've seen a tiny bit of demand improvement in plate. We expect to see more improvement as we get into the second half of the year. But the improvement in the market and the pricing is a result of the supply change as we've been able to get the dumped and subsidized products out of our marketplace and bring fair pricing back to that market. 
John Ferriola: Well, frankly, we can produce X70 today at 2 of our mills. We can produce X70 up to about 5/8 of an inch. We can do that at our Tuscaloosa plate mill, and we can also do it at our Decatur sheet mill. We've sold that into the market, so we don't need any additional capital equipment. It's all been installed, tested, up and running, and we're selling that product today. So we're comfortable supplying X70 up to, as I said, 5/8. We don't know what kind of demand we'll be looking at for these pipelines. Obviously, the Dakota pipeline is being installed, so there's no additional demand there. And we're hearing various accounts on whether it's -- whether or not there's going to be additional steel needed for the Keystone pipeline, so we'll just have to wait and see. But if they need it, we're here to supply it. And the other point that I would make on the Keystone actually, a lot of the material that was made for the Keystone that is on the ground was not produced domestically. Now when they say about having to use made, melted and rolled in the United States in the Keystone, we don't know if that would then disqualify the pipe that's already on the ground that was not melted and rolled in the United States. If I get a vote on that, you know how I'm going to vote. 
John Ferriola: I don't know the specifics of it, but I believe it's -- believe most of it was spec-ed out to be 0.5-inch. So it would be within the range that we can make. 
John Ferriola: Well, we -- as you mentioned, we are going back after it again. We were very disappointed. We don't think it was a proper outcome to that case. We're feeling pretty good about presenting this case to the new administration, and the people who will be handling it now, we think, are better educated and know more about what's going on both in the steel world and in trade. So we're expecting a more positive outcome. We certainly hope to get that. That said, if we don't, I'm here to tell you we're going to keep going back and keep going back and keep going back until we get a just outcome. It's being dumped, there's no doubt about it, and it's hurting the American worker. And we're going to keep -- we don't give up. We're going to be going back until we get the proper outcome and ensure a level playing field for our teammates to compete upon. 
John Ferriola: Well, we're always looking at opportunities. I'm not going to get into specific projects that we have on the books that haven't been announced yet, but I will remind you that we did announce a cold mill project at our Hickman facility. This is a very specialized cold mill to produce advanced, high-strength -- ultra-high-strength steel. It's very light gauge, ultra high strength, what we refer to as third-gen steel that will go into the automotive and other applications, motor laminations being another large application for that. So that's one of the projects that we have that has been announced. I can tell you that we are considering several others. They haven't been announced yet so I can't share them with you at this time. But just in general, I would say, when you look at our balance sheet, and we have a strong balance sheet, we have money to invest. We are not afraid to spend it. We talked a little bit earlier today about the JFE project. That will consume 200,000 tons of our product coming out of Berkeley. So we've got other projects going on. We've got the JFE. We've got the cold mill. And we continue to look at how we can improve the utilization of our existing downstream businesses, our existing galv lines and cold mills. And as I mentioned earlier, remember that Nucor is long on HRC, on hot-rolled coil. And at the end of the day, the pipe and tube is going to help balance that a little bit. Also, with the improvement that we see coming this year in energy, our Gallatin acquisition of a few years ago, we're very heavily into the energy market. And they took a huge hit when energy collapsed. And we expect energy to come back and the utilization at our mill in Gallatin to come back with it. 
John Ferriola: It's safe to say that we can supply virtually all parts and all sections that go into automotive. We find some products and parts more attractive to supply than others, but we also have to prove to the automotive companies that we can, in fact, supply all of the steels that they require. So we've done it. Again, I would ask you to take a look at our joint venture with JFE. They are a world-renowned producer of all the grades, exposed, nonexposed, high-strength, ultralight, third gen. They do it all. And in qualifying us as a partner, they took a look at our process, our materials. And frankly, the qualification to become partners with them took us 2 to 3 years, but ultimately, it came out very successful. So yes, we can supply all the parts that go in -- virtually all the parts. I don't know that every single part with -- on the steel -- on the sheet side. And we're working to advance on the SBQ side. We've added the heat treating at our Memphis facility. That will give us more access into some of the more sophisticated parts. We set up our Detroit office. We've got -- in Memphis, we've installed a new inspection line that allows us to get into more of the higher-value products that go into automotive. So we've got a lot of things going on to continue to improve our position in automotive. I could tell you that in terms of how are we being received by the automotive companies, it's very favorable for several reasons. Our quality is good. Our service is excellent. Our on-time delivery is very, very good. And frankly, we're a very financially stable company. And as you know, the parts that they specify on a platform might not have to be delivered for 2 to 3 years. They want to make sure that, that company that they're buying from and specifying their platform supply from is, in fact, around in 2 to 3 years. And Nucor, with our financial strength, we're going to be around for a long, long, long time. 
John Ferriola: Yes, yes and no. It is not too complicated to facilitate trade case on SBQ. So clearly -- I'm not being flippant. Clearly, beam, we're looking hard at beam. And I don't want to say too much except that we're gathering the data, and at the appropriate time, we'll take the move -- we'll make the move. And beyond beam, we're looking at structural fabricated products, which have made an inroad into the market here in the United States. They are finding every way possible to circumvent the trade laws. And I believe that they're confident we're going to have a successful trade case on beams, and now they're trying to find ways to get around that by bringing in structural sections. And at the end of the day, we're prepared to file a case on structural sections, working with our customer base. On the SBQ side, wire rod is a case that we're taking a hard look at, okay, and we expect to be able to move forward on. So when you look at -- you mentioned beams. We're ready to move forward. We're anticipating being able to move forward on that very quickly. Wire rod, Chinese sheet piling is another one that we're going -- we're taking a hard look at. I mean I can go on and on and on. But you've hit the ones that we haven't gone after yet. We focused on the largest ones. We dealt with the ones that were most impactful onto our market, and we've taken care of them. Now we continue to move down onto other products. And we won't stop until we're across all products, all markets, making sure that we have a level playing field to compete upon. And when we do that, when we get that, we're confident we're going to be very successful. 
John Ferriola: Well, I'll certainly answer that question, and I'll start by agreeing we've never seen anything like this before, so overt. And -- but Phil, before we do that, I do want to make sure I give you credit for working with our team to help us understand the correlation between infrastructure spend and steel consumption. So thank you for that information. That was very helpful, and we'll be using it in the future also. So thanks for that. So let's talk about the circumvention, which we see as, clearly, a case of circumvention. You look at the galvanized product coming in -- cold rolled and galvanized coming from Vietnam into the United States, and that's gone up by about 300%, right? And at the same time, there's been no additional hot band produced in Vietnam. So we're kind of wondering, as you might be, how did they do this? Because this might be some new magical steel technology that we're unaware of. But we think it's more of a case of circumvention. With the Chinese recognizing that they've gotten blocked into the U.S. market. They are shipping substrate into Vietnam, and Vietnam is then cold rolling, reducing it, galvanizing it and sending it into the United States. What's the range of potential penalties? We can't really comment on that. But what I can tell you is that we are -- we will be filing a case as quick as we can get it all together, and we will -- we're in the process of doing that now. And we're anxious to get that result. We think that this will be just another example to the ITC and, frankly, to our administration of how blatant circumvention can be and how people are taking advantage of our trade laws. And we need to put an immediate stop to it. 
John Ferriola: It will be all or none, we believe. Obviously, we have to see what the rulings are. But our position is that it will be all or none, and that it clearly should be all. 
John Ferriola: Frankly, we're seeing that both on the products in which we've already had rulings and on those that -- trade cases that are in process now and, frankly, even those that our customers know the data supports filing a trade case in the future. In all of those cases, we do see a change in behavior, as it should be. And they're recognizing that they can't count on the steel going forward. They're turning to the domestic suppliers, Nucor being one, but, frankly, our competition also, which we expect. We can comment on that by the orders we see -- the order entry rate we see and also by the phone calls and inquiries that we are getting on our products. So the answer to that is a clear yes, and we think it's appropriate. 
John Ferriola: Yes. Along with other CEOs in the manufacturing world, I have been asked to supply to President Trump my thoughts on what were the 5 most impactful items that were hurting American manufacturing. I've done that. I've been to -- I've been invited to participate in his manufacturing forum. And although we haven't had a meeting with that yet, I'm looking forward to the opportunity to share my thoughts on what we need to do to make America great again by bringing manufacturing back into the United States. So we'll see how all of that plays out, but yes, I have been -- I've shared my thoughts, and I plan to participate in that forum. 
John Ferriola: Thank you. Let me conclude by saying to my Nucor family, our customers, our shareholders, thank you. Okay? Thank you for what you do. Thank you for your business. Thank you for your support. Thank you for your hard work every day. Your contributions have led us to a position of strength that we enjoy today and ensure a bright future for our company and for our teammates. But most importantly, thanks for what you do every day. Most importantly, thank you for doing it safely.  Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day. 
Philip Gibbs: Can you provide a status on the Vietnamese circumvention case and the range of potential outcomes that we could see there? Because I think many of us really haven't seen anything like this before, and I'm wondering what it could look like either in part or in full in terms of an outcome. 
Philip Gibbs: Okay, I appreciate that. And then last question for me is, are you seeing any change in customer behavior because of these, call it, in-place trade cases? Or even some of the ones that are in play right now in terms of more of a willingness to work with you as a main supplier or less willingness to go offshore? Just any highlights... 
Philip Gibbs: And then, John, I have a quick one. I think, were you invited to meet with the recent president here? And has he asked for your input in terms of what we need to do as a country to, call it, drive better manufacturing utilization across all of our industries? And that's all I have. 
