Dan DiMicco: Thank you, Ham. Mike Parrish, our Executive Vice President Leading Nucor’s Bar Products Group announced his plans to retire at the end of August. Throughout his 35-year career with our company, Mike has been an exceptional leader. He has made outstanding contributions to both Nucor’s strong record of profitable growth and Nucor’s unique culture. Under Mike’s leadership, our bar products group more than doubled in size to a current finished steel shipment capacity exceeding 9 million tons annually. With his team’s very successful work in optimizing existing operations and completing strategic acquisitions, the growth and earnings power of the bar products group has been even greater. While he may be retiring, Mike will forever be a member of the Nucor family. All of us are thankful for his leadership, and everyone in our team joins me in wishing Mike and his lovely wife Chris all the best as they enjoy the well deserved fruits of their career at Nucor. Mike’s retirement and promotion of Jim Darsey to Executive Vice President of Bar Mill Products result from a thoughtful and honorary succession planning that has been a tough strategic initiative of our company over the last 10 years. This work positions our company for continued profitable growth. Before continuing, I’d like to ask Mike to add a few thoughts.
Dan DiMicco: Thank you, Mike. Jim Darsey, who will be stepping into Mike’s formidable shoes as a proven Nucor leader. He has a strong record of success in managing both steel mill and downstream products divisions over his 31-year Nucor career. Jim and his team are well prepared to continue building long-term profitable growth at Nucor’s bar products businesses. As stated earlier, the Nucor team has been meeting all challenges head-on successfully for more than four decades. We are a company born out of near bankruptcy in the ‘60s, and between 1980 and 2008, we grew our revenue from $500 million to $23 billion. This was all accomplished while the overall domestic steel industry was shrinking by 30%. Our growth opportunities are greater than ever through a broad platform in steel making, raw materials, downstream fabricated products, and steel processing, both here and globally. We paid a strong dividend and have a strong balance sheet and our best is yet to come. We would now be happy to take your questions.
Dan DiMicco: I think Kuni what we would like you to focus on is the fact that selling prices were higher than most people anticipated. Profitability was three times what it was in the first quarter, so there may have been a little method to that madness.
Dan DiMicco: Well, certainly on the long product side we’ve hit bottom in our estimation and while the markets were non-residential and residential still appear to bouncing along the bottoms. We are looking for some increased opportunities, if truly we do see some stimulus impact in the second half of the year which a lot of people have commented on both in Washington and in the industry. But a lot of us are from Missouri and the way we look at things and so we’re still waiting for the markets to show us at.
Dan DiMicco: Certainly, you’re making a very good point, Michael, about the Sparrows Point facility in terms of it being on the deepwater port. We pointed out a couple of the positives there, a host of negatives as well, and while we have looked at that; I will tell you, over the years, we have looked at that because as you know, it has presented itself on numerous occasions. We don’t believe that would be the best way to go if we are to move forward as we plan on with an iron project in Louisiana.
Dan DiMicco: Well, you’re making an assumption that the current owners would sell the entire thing as opposed to just the blast furnace.
Dan DiMicco: I don’t think you missed it. We don’t think we said anything. But I’m looking at Mr. Keith Grass as I speak and Keith is looking at me and I’ll have him do the speaking on that.
Dan DiMicco: Well, we should continue to see a decline in the third and fourth quarters from where things are today. I think we’re estimating somewhere in the neighborhood of $30 million to $40 million in startup costs in the third quarter.
Dan DiMicco: First of all, Dave has got tremendous track record on that. So, I certainly would support what he is saying. From the timing standpoint, we both pretty much as you said pointed out 18 months ago that would be 18 months to two years before we started to see any significant indication of M&A activities. We still believe that it may stretch a little bit further than that now. But as you pointed out we’ve already done some M&A activity. Now, it’s all a question of not only the opportunities that might be out there, but the willingness of the participants to join in those opportunities. We still do expect to see an improvement from that standpoint going forward but I wouldn’t want to pinpoint exactly when I thought that would happen because that’s a big unknown. But, yes, the odds of that happening going forward from 18 months on is certainly greater than they have been for the past 18 months.
Dan DiMicco: Well, first off, we’ve never stopped looking. We’ve never stopped talking, and we’ve actually increased the number of folks that we have been talking to, some things have fallen off the radar, some things have been added on, it’s a continual process. Types of things that we’d be looking at are no different today as they would have been prior to the collapse in October of ‘08 and very consistent with our overall strategy that we got aligned very clearly to do the steel making operations, possibly some downstream operations as well as if they were to avail themselves. As we mentioned already, we have a start-up of new bar mill in Italy, and that’s gone well. So, Europe right now is probably a little bit more unsettled than we would like, but we still have active conversations going on as well as we do in other places in the world.
Dan DiMicco: It’s a pretty small percentage of our total exports. If I had to put a number to it, I put it somewhere around 10% to 15% of the total exports. It’s going into a myriad of applications. Our pipe and tube is a big application for it, but frankly it’s been used in many, many applications. Construction markets, we’ve done a lot of looping, with it over there. That’s a popular application for it in South America. So, yes basically construction applications, rerolling applications to construction and pipe and tube.
Dan DiMicco: Well, we’re bringing on more capacity in a market that is running at significantly under 100% utilization. So, it’s going to affect the entire flat-rolled business across the entire North, South, Central, East marketplaces, won’t just affect Nucor by any means. It will be no doubt a negative impact, unless we see a significant upturn in the flat-rolled market and in that customer group. And how much of an impact will depend on how successful they are at getting started and when they say they are going to get started, and how they run once they get going. None of that’s yet happened.
Dan DiMicco: We can add to that the fact that in a falling raw material pricing market, it would not be unusual at all for the service centers to be waiting to see when things settle out before they do any buying that would bring in their apparent demand back up to real demand as well and we do think that’s going off based upon conversation we’ve had with numerous customers. The other aspect is that because some of the mills were behind on deliveries they probably brought on a little bit more capacity sooner than they might have normally. We may see some of that continue or not continue depending upon where the market supports the production activity and so it’s a combination of all those things.
Dan DiMicco: Well, first off, one of the big things that as John mentioned that will impact the decision on what gets built there and when has to do with the way this whole carbon tax thing shapes out in Washington, whether we do it in Louisiana or we do it at some place else. But we have never stopped looking at alternative forms of technology whether it be high-smelt or because of the significant progress we made in the high-quality DRI we’re producing whether it be a DRI plant and so at this point in time we have not finalized exactly what technology would be put there and some of it may be determined by exactly what we see happening in Washington, which we hope is nothing.
Dan DiMicco: I’d just agree with it. That would higher our pricing moving towards a quarterly pricing mode from an annual pricing mode. The answer is yes. Probably, the same holds true for coking coal. But they are not quite yet amongst the pricing level, which is where scrap has been forever. So, it certainly has improved the dynamics of our competitive position, no doubt about it.
Dan DiMicco: Thank you, Christy. I would like to thank all of you who’ve asked questions on the call and the teams for supporting our second quarter performance both here in Charlotte and around the company, and also for the investment community for supporting Nucor, you will not be disappointed. Thank you all very much.
Mike Parrish: Thanks, Dan, appreciate the opportunity. I just want to say thanks to all our teammates for everything they have done throughout my 35-year career. We were joking earlier that, when I started many of you weren’t even born yet and that kind of hurts. But if you look at it you’re only as good as the people you work with, and in that 35 years I just had so many great teammates and colleagues to work with and I just want everybody to know how much I appreciate that. I know Dan always says this, I don’t want to steal any thunder but when you look at the team we have, the future of Nucor, it definitely you can see that the best years for Nucor are definitely ahead of us. I just want to say thanks everybody for everything and good luck.
Mike Parrish: I would add one further thing. One of the things that’s supporting our continued success export wise is our customers that have operations, particularly in South America, Brazil, have been very active in soliciting our support in those markets, and Mexico as well, and we’ve been able to accomplish that.
Mike Parrish: Just simple way to look at it going from rebar to merchant bar to SBQ. Right now, SBQ would be our strongest products that we have right now. The automotive business and the large manufacturing goods and those things are doing pretty well, but as you go down to and you get more into construction business that would be more difficult. Our Kingman operation is in the startup mode. And probably by the end of the year that will be running pretty consistently by then.
Mike Parrish: The Memphis mill, the melt shop, all the operations are fully operational. The quality now has been very excellent. What we’re working on now is the consistent productivity and efficiency. We continue to supply trials and production volumes to Ford shops, the ring rollers, seamless tube manufacturers, and we’ve shipped product, to talk about exporting to India, Germany, Spain, Italy, Brazil, Korea and Mexico, as well as obviously domestic. We’ve gotten specific orders directly from Caterpillar and companies like that. We continue to work with the camshaft manufacturers, gearing and crankshafts. The customers continually say they love the quality of the product, and the way that operation is going. So, we just need to get more consistent on the productivity.
John Ferriola: Well as the flat-rolled did weaken at the end of the quarter and that had an impact on the utilization rates. If you look at the comparison to Q2 versus Q1 on utilization we’re looking at a very small decline, just about 1.5%.
John Ferriola: The only thing I would add to that is when you look quarter-to-quarter if you’re looking at individual products we did see some decline on flat-rolled. Remember, we saw a significant increase on two of our product lines in beam and in plate.
John Ferriola: I’d just to add that. (Inaudible) Mike, it really wouldn’t change the market dynamic because we would continue to operate the mill on flats that they would bring. So you really wouldn’t be changing the market dynamics. We’re getting much of the gains from that perspective.
John Ferriola: I would add to that, Dan, on product acceptance. Our product has gained great acceptance, particularly in the South American markets. One of the products that we’ve been very successful in the South American market in particular is our Castrip product, so that’s offsetting the impact of the dollar. We have the potential to maintain the same level of exports because of the products, particularly the value-added products that we brought into the South American market and Castrip product we’ve brought into the market.
John Ferriola: The vast majority of it goes. And it makes sense, if you look at the location of our mills, anywhere south, South America, Costa Rica, Central America, anywhere in Latin America, we do well in Mexico and also in Canada, but not much really into the European market at all in the first half of this year.
John Ferriola: Dan, one more point if I may, and that’s relative to Mexico. Our partnership with the Steel Tech acquisition has opened up, as you know, they have six operations in Mexico. And working with them and working on our plans to open up our processing center in Mexico will open up a lot of opportunity for our product in the Mexican market.
John Ferriola: That’s right. It’s going to be $45 million or so if the assumptions we used at the end of June are the same assumptions, we used at end of September. And that will be based on what our view is at that point in time. Right now, I would use that as my estimate.
John Ferriola: Okay. Let’s talk pig iron first as in Brazil. In terms of the production it’s pretty much stabilized at this point. Pricing was up. It’s down a little bit. Today, it’s probably in the range of about $420 to $440 per ton. But that’s enough to keep them going delivered at $420 to $440 delivered to [Nola]. That’s enough, that pricing is substantial enough to keep the operations in Brazil going. So, we see pretty much stabilized operations at this point. Now, it’s also a function of what happens to iron ore costs for them going forward. So, that could change that situation.
John Ferriola: We see a difference between what we would call apparent demand and real demand, and that’s impacting the service centers behavior. Right now, we feel that true demand, real demand is stronger than apparent demand, and that’s a function of lot things, one of which is the service centers due to the uncertainty holding back on their purchases and also a function of the integrated mills being late on some of that deliveries are causing some issues as a result of that finally catching up on their deliveries.
John Ferriola: No, we are not going to comment on that. Again, I would go back to the initial statement that you have to look at both apparent demand and real demand. As we talk with our customers and as we continuously meet and communicate with our customers, they tell us that although the demand is certainly down 20% to 30% from the high that they have seen in 2008, their real demand for their products has been pretty consistent throughout last year and the first half of this year.
John Ferriola: We always are working to expand our business with our OEM customers and we’ve been continuously improving that, our position with them in all forms of OEMs. As a result we’re continuously moving up the value chain and continuously improving our quality. Without getting into any specific customers, I will say that, overall, our business with OEMs has been growing, it’s growing as a result of our service, our quality, our on-time delivery, and also a function of programs that we are offering that enable them to provide stabilized price in our scrap swap program that have been very successful with OEM customers.
