John Ferriola: Well it's actually a combination of imports and timing. You're comparing it to first quarter of 2014 and if we focus on one that's fixed structural. But most --
John Ferriola: My bad. So if we focus on one particular area let's just take structural with these are the basically the same for all of the categories. But at the beginning of 2014 we're looking at a situation where as you said imports were much lower service center inventories were down we were going into a year where non-residential construction was projected to be up frankly in the first quarter we were talking about price increases that were out there. So, you know combination of all of those resulted in much higher order ranking rates in the first quarter of last year compared to the first quarter of this year.
John Ferriola: Again taking imports out of the equation if we see the growth that we are projecting in non-residential construction we should see volume increases as compared to the first quarter particularly as we move out of the seasonal issues that are affecting the first quarter in a lot of our business particularly when you look at some of the downstream businesses such as Harris where frankly the type of new construction work in the first quarter of January and February and many of our Harris facilities are located in Canada just to kind of amplify the situation so. We do expect it to improve as we come out of the first quarter weather conditions improve and we see the expected increase in non-residential construction.
John Ferriola: It would be cash positive at those levels when you're talking about pig iron at 250 we do transfer our DRI on a pricing mechanism that's based upon pig iron and I would say that at the level of about 250 for pig iron we are cash positive. I would also point out that I'd be quick to point out that I personally believe 250 for pig iron is an unsustainable level it's a result of some significant and unusual currency issues and the geopolitical issues so I personally would not expect that to stay at that low level long-term. Having said all of that we have said from the beginning when we talk about the DRI project that over the close of the cycles is going to be times when we get singles times when we bonds and sometimes when we get grand slams. We talked just last quarter about the very positive contribution from our Trinidad operation and when pig iron was at a more normalized rate and we expected to be back up to those levels again and we expect to see a very good returns on our DRI investment when that occurs.
John Ferriola: Certainly, we can do that. As always on these things as many factors but the key one the driver for all this was frankly the steel performance, the performance of our steel mill improved. In forecasting we underestimated the impact that we would have on our margins on scrap pricing going down we got to realize the lowest scrap price quicker and frankly in some of our products we had higher volumes. So the combination of an improved margin relative to our forecast and some volume increases above our forecast we did beat the forecast as you mentioned.
John Ferriola: For one element that you have to take into account when you to answer that question is that some portion of our sheet businesses on quarter-over-quarter contract pricing that's based on some mechanism. So when you - there is a lag time before you see that decrease in those contract pricing. I would also point out that although the import situation is very serious on sheet product and particularly plate has been unbelievable tsunami of imported plate over the last two quarters. And that of course had a dramatic impact on pricing of the plates.
John Ferriola: Well so it's balanced. Right, you want to look at you're the buying - your facility which obviously impacts your fixed cost of that facility. So that's one issue. Secondly we need to take care of our customers we don't want to give up market share sometimes when you lose a customer or lose a business opportunity it's hard to regain it. And our customers count on us being there even when it's difficult pricing environment. So there are just a couple of reasons that we continue to operate. I'll also point out that Timna and let me know if I didn't answer that question if I did tell me what you wanted to hear on that. But given the radical change in the scrap cost which we frankly believe becoming because of the large gap between scrap pricing and iron units. We felt that we can work our way through those tough times keep our customer satisfied maintain our market share not lose good opportunities knowing that we would ultimately be able to as a result of our scrap cost going down to be able to correct our pricing and get it closer to the market to the imported price and maintain a margin.
John Ferriola: Well, I mean all I can tell you is my confidence level we gave you our projection we believe in that projections we think that it's going to be fairly stable right now iron ore pricing its fluctuates a little but spend relatively stable also if there is a dramatic change in iron ore pricing it might have the inflection in scrap pricing but we don’t see that at this time.
John Ferriola: Well it certainly effects our LIFO calculation at the steel mills at our LIFO but the DRI plants are not under LIFO.
John Ferriola: No, Certainly body and white that's one of our strong points that we are moving into and when you say expose. Exposed accounts were about 15% of the weight of steel per vehicle. And certainly we want to play in that game and we do. We have a product that we can put into that and have put into that and exposed applications. But as clearly not a focus point for us. When we look at body and white we see 75% of the volume going in there that's our focus point. We look at what they called closures which represents 25% the remaining 25% and only 15% of that is exposed. So combined you're looking at 15% out of the total weight of the cost. It's not something it's not where our major push is going to be.
John Ferriola: We haven’t seen much of it yet. But remember that usually a lot of times it's not during the downturn where you see the greatest pressure on these companies, but actually during the upturn, but I have to stop replacing inventory when your completing inventory you generate cash, when you have to replace inventory you burn fluid cash, and sometimes that can be more challenging as it bottoms out, maybe the upturn when you really see company struggle to stay on business.
John Ferriola: Well although pricing is dropping, would those have negative impact on collection and flowing to the yards, bear in mind that it's also spring. It's a whole lot of at the time when people are collecting [indiscernible] in winter, transportation is not a factor like it is in winter. So they kind of balance out and although we have seen a small amount of increase in flowing to the yards it's not been significant and it's balanced by the two factors of lower pricing offset by spring time and there was another issue just to kind of build upon that’s something that hasn’t come up in all the discussion we have had today about scrap and I am a little surprised by it. But bear in mind that the other thing we look at to keep the supply scrap up in the United States is the load that we buy offshore particularly with the way the currency is today,[indiscernible]quite a bit of scrap on overseas.
John Ferriola: Yeah so I mean the volume will go up their volume will their exports will go up. I'm not sure how much of that would actually make its way to the US as all the market I would expect that there will be other markets that will go to in Europe and in Asia and even in India will more logical markets from a logistics perspective and then here in the United States.
John Ferriola: Absolutely, its economics, one of one supply and demand. And whenever you have a situation when more suppliers coming into the marketplace. It puts pressure on pricing. So but I would ask you to consider one factor and that is I can't test to the quality of the big iron coming out of China that might be a question.
John Ferriola: Same reason well supply buying units into the market and it bring pressure on all aspects of volume units, scrap, big iron, DRI.
John Ferriola: Well if there is a service center out there that I want some [indiscernible] from us guarantee at higher prices in the Norway, but as a general statement I understand your point. It’s about an inflection whenever you at the bottom. And if you're asking me where I think we stand on that cycle I would say the couple of times during the - call that we this properly transitional quarter. So we might see something this quarter but I would ask you to remember that there is still a tremendous amount of inputs that are in the pipeline that are on their where [indiscernible] to the United States. So that continues to put pressure on pricing. As I said we'll listen we're not opposed to selling feel at a higher price we like to do that but we also have to take care about customers and maintain our market share in order to those factors that we spoke about earlier in the call.
John Ferriola: I'd have to say no in fact I would say that our downstream products [indiscernible] is true. We see a significant improvement in our backlog order entry and backlog prices.
John Ferriola: Yeah if there any part of the country than which we're seeing well that. But right now we will pretty well balance. I might say in Canada we're seeing again Harris - we're seeing much more improvement because they were down so significant because of weather conditions in the first quarter, but other than that pretty well balanced.
John Ferriola: Well let me conclude by saying thank you, thank you to our shareholders and appreciate your confidence and your support. Thank you to our customers. We appreciate your business and I want to say thank you to my new teammates for creating value for our customers, generating attractive returns for our shareholders and building a sustainable future for all of us. And most importantly, thank you all for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day and a great weekend.
James Frias: When we fight we use both of this, okay. So those are two pronged approach and we're going to use both of those prongs to achieve a level playing field. So that our team mates can be successful which we know they will be on a level playing field. I've mentioned on the last couple of calls that I've told that we're gaining traction in Washington on both of those fronts I still do we are getting a much better reception. People are beginning to understand I believe people are beginning to understand the impact of these illegally traded products on our industry and on our team mates steel workers in general. It's about focusing and pursuing trade cases when that's appropriate and moving forward on the legislative front at the same time. We see great opportunity frankly on the legislative front particularly with the TPA discussions that are going on today and we are pushing very, very hard to getting good reception on both sides of the aisle to the concept that if TPA is going to be approved it must be approved with strong trade language to protect our industries and give us the ability to better and more effectively and more proactively by illegally traded products.
James Frias: Well let me be clear we will continue to assess the market and we will implement the trade case at the appropriate time.
James Frias: Well frankly our forecast will be pretty flat line for the rest of the year. Obviously when you talk about scrap is always slight variations in different regions. We expect some movements in different regions up 5 down 10 so forth as we go throughout the year. But overall as you look at the year as a whole I think we're going to be pretty flat lined on scrap prices.
James Frias: Well as we mentioned in the script, this is a quarter of transition. So we're not quite sure when we'll see that actual kick in today. I would say a very modest improvement in lead times very modest frankly not significantly over the first quarter. And I would expand it would go across say I would apply it all basically all of our products. Now the one exception I would add to that is in the sheet side on the galvanizing the cold rolled products that those lead times are longer and we still see a pretty strong demand in that area.
James Frias: I would say it's the combination of the two. And again to give me it out further than that the most specific from that very difficult to do. But I would say that it was a combination of both.
James Frias: Well again there will be a number of factors. Imports beginning to drop off. Although we have seen and I want to stress that it's going to be a while before we see that drop off. Although we've seen a slightly decline in licenses it was so much out there in the pipeline that this is going to take and so much is already reached the service centers and just filled up their inventory. It's going to be a wild before we work our way through that. And now I can tell you that for the first time this month and numbers that just came out on service and the inventories we see them coming down just a little bit but imports are some it's just certainly watch and there is other factors too particularly on our shade sheet business when you want to book at oil prices. Now I can't tell you when it's going to recover but certainly we've seen a tremendous impact on our flat rolled business as a result of oil pricing going from $150 to $50 our volumes are way down. Same situation there we flooded the pipeline with material there has been a complete stop as they work their way through this inventory at some point maybe third and fourth quarter we'll start working our way through that inventory and we will see order rates that are consistent with new normal drilling levels that are expected with the lower price and other thing you can keep your eye on is currency obviously the strong dollar has an impact on what's happening both on our raw material side and on our steel shipment side and it relates to imports and other factors so I try to give you couple of things that you can keep an eye on but there is a multitude of things that we have to watch and see what’s going to happen as we go forward.
James Frias: Obviously it made us much more competitive and the reason people buy steel it’s based upon four things I said this many times service, quality, on-time delivery and price. And when we are in a situation where there is such a difference between scrap and iron ore pricing we had a real disadvantage on pricing and that impacted our competitive position frankly when I think about how we did during that period with a gap with so large I am really proud of the job our team did on the other three elements of quality service and delivery that kept us in the game when we had $100 differential on cost and now that has been reduced the scrap coming down very confident that we will continue to be aggressive and now we've got we're competitive on all four of those elements and I feel good about the way that will go forward in terms of any market share.
James Frias: I am not going to get into specific at any one point in time. I'll just say again, we have the pricing competitive risk not only integrated but we reduced the gap between imported pricing and all pricing and we deliver superior quality service and delivery based on all of that I am confident that our team will gain market share as we move forward throughout the year now there is going to be a lot of practice that come into that as we've talked about in the past.
James Frias: Let me be really clear about these imports continue to be our number one - we are focusing on pricing here but you need to remember that there is such a tremendous over capacity we are looking at 300 million tons of excess capacity worldwide. Now that has been a continuously good pressure on our market and our profitability. Having said that, we have reduced the gap between the domestic pricing and imported pricing but look imports are going continue to be our number one challenge for our industry and our company as a whole.
James Frias: Let me if I may just correct that because I want to make sure we are clear on that. Today there is a gap of about $60 between the pricing of the iron ore that we have on ground and what market pricing would be. At the end of the second quarter we expect that we will reduce that gap from about $60 down to about $15. We will reduce the gap by $45 at the end of the second quarter it will be it will take us through the third quarter sometime around the middle towards the end of the third quarter before we reduce that last $15 gap and get us down to market price for iron ore. Please continue with your question but I want to correct that and be very specific on that.
James Frias: Well we've talked about the growth, the organic growth that we've had and the products that we're bringing to the market so certainly we would expect to see market share growth in our structural business with our new piling sections we talked about the growth in the sheet side of the business with - project and how we expect that to grow year-over-year. SBQ would be another area as we continue to bring new products onto the marketplace. We are continually moving forward with our private in SBQ so, I expect market share growth in that area also and so, what are we outplay we mentioned we are running our heat treatment in normalizing the mining basically at full capacity and you know I mentioned the projects that we're doing on our SBQ mills so I don’t want to leave our raw products which we are introducing raw products to the market that have been accepted very well so we expect to grow our market share there also. And as I have mentioned on calls in the past one of the few bright spots pass in the marketplace today is automotive and we expect to grow up participation in automotive this year also last year we shipped about maybe 1.1 million tons sheet and SBQ combined products into automotive and this year we are anticipating shipping about 1.45 million tons of combined sheet and has continue into the automotive market and part of that's being supported by I'm going to put a little plug in here for our new Detroit automotive office that we've just established and it's been well received by the automotive companies we have - metallurgical and engineering team mates and sales people in that office to help support push into automotive.
James Frias: Clearly as pricing has dropped and everyone it's in the processing again those it's been very challenging margins have been severely compressed. And it's very challenging for processors to make a decent profit. And we expect to see some people not making it through this very difficult time. Certainly we have a strong balance sheet which gives us the opportunity and we have a strong balance sheet and a history of taking advantage of downturns in trouble times to grow our businesses. So we'll keeping an eye out for assets that come available when they make sense they fit into our strategic plan for a raw materials as the locations are right the pricing is right I'll tell you what we won't be shy we'll be at the table.
James Frias: We don’t have the estimated loss during outage but it’d probably be less than what you saw from Louisiana for the quarter it's going to be much less than that, but there would be some loss from the loss structure of one month.
Phil Gibbs: Just had a question on the US rationalization of scrap collection and processing and maybe what you've been seeing there the last couple of months and whether or not you will be participating in that trend.
Phil Gibbs: John I was just curious as to whether or not you're seeing actual rationalization particularly in the south.
Phil Gibbs: Okay and then I just appreciate that and then I just had a question for clarification because you were generous enough to give out some of the targets here on Hertford and Berkeley on those projects. Were you saying that the Hertford normalizing line is about $200 a ton over what your normal mix is? And then the same thing with your Nu model on the 450 and then Berkeley on the 100? Thanks.
