John Ferriola: If you look at the order entry rate, particularly in our sheet products over the last couple of weeks, we have seen an uptick. This was not unexpected. It’s a typical annual order entry trend -- patterns that we see. Towards the end of the third quarter, towards the middle of the third quarter, you start seeing order entry slack, people beginning to look at year-end inventories. This year when you look at the third quarter and people saw scrap pricing starting to decline and also close and to slow down on their order entry rates. But then as they get into the latter part of the third quarter, the end of the quarter, as we go into the beginning of the fourth quarter, we would expect -- we see order entry rate picking up in anticipation of receiving the tonnage in the beginning of the New Year.
John Ferriola: As we always say, we don’t comment on anything specific but clearly, our financial position is very strong, our cash generation from operations is very strong. We have the ability to go after targets that we think will bring long-term profitable growth to our Company and a great return to our shareholders. So, we are always on the lookout for opportunities. And then, of course as we’ve said many times in the past, if we don’t see any opportunities that are out there that we think will brining value to our Company and we have an excess of cash on hand, we’ll always look at -- we look at the possibility of share back buyback or in one form or another returning cash to our shareholders. But of course our first priority is always long-term profitable growth through investment when the opportunities present themselves.
John Ferriola: Let me start by making a few comments on your question. When we look at automotive, we see it just about the same as last year; we don’t see it significantly better. In terms of non-residential construction, we really don’t see it much more improved than last year. In fact, if you go through the course of the year, particularly towards the middle of 2016, there was actually a decrease in the activity on non-residential construction. So, we don’t see much of a pop from that side either. And although we have been very successful in our trade cases, particularly on sheet, we’re really just beginning to see the impact of that. And frankly we do see imports going down but still they represent a very large portion of total market share that’s why we continue to fight the battle and we will continue to fight and be successful in the battle against illegal imports. So, we are just beginning to see some of that impact. But let me address another point of the capacity utilization, particularly as it applies here at Nucor. We’ve talked many times about our commitment to pursuing higher value products and we are going to continue to do that. We believe that having improved margins, and profitability is more important than utilization. And as we’ve said in the past, as you move, as you change your product mix to those higher valued, higher quality products that usually has an impact on your run rates in the mills. A great example would be the wide-wide projects at our Berkeley facility or the wider piling sections at our Nucor- Yamato facility. Both of those have reduced the run rate significantly although at much more profitable products. So, we don’t get so hung-up on utilization. We’ve mentioned on the last call and I’ll mention it again that we intend to at the end of the year, take a hard look at how our product mix has shifted over the last several years. It’s been forever since we adjusted the denominator in this calculation. And we’re going to take a hard look at how a product mix shift has impacted our capacity and as a result influenced our capacity utilization. So, that’s how I would answer your question. We’re looking more at the products that we’re producing and we feel good about the way that we’re that shifting our product mix.
John Ferriola: I’m not going to go into too much detail as this is an ongoing investigation and has not done a final determination on this. We feel strongly, very strongly that our opposition is a strong one, it’s clear to us. Our opinion is it’s clearly an issue of circumvention. You can look at the percentage of imports of cold-rolled products from China into Vietnam and seen a tremendous jump over the last six months. It’s clear what’s going on. And we think that particularly when you look at the political environment today where on both sides of the aisle, there’s a recognition of what’s going on around the world with illegal trade. I feel and our team feels very confident that we’ll be successful this circumvention case.
John Ferriola: Well, let me -- I’ll start off and I’ll hand over to Chad, Executive Vice President, In-charge of our plate business. But just as a general comment, obviously, we’re not going to speak about any pricing specific, but the plate market has been very challenging. It’s had a tough year on plate, it doesn’t look like it’s getting much better towards the end of the year. We can go market-by-market but there’s no small market right now that we would point to say that we’re going to see a big pop in price. I would make one comment and then Chad you can build on this. When you look at the pricing levels in place today, personally I feel that it’s just not sustainable over the long term. Chad, would you like to add anything to that.
John Ferriola: I just might mention too Chad that we didn’t have a successful plate trade case against a violator who was dumping a significant amount of plate into the country and that was China. And we had a very positive outcome on that case.
John Ferriola: I will take it away scrap for a minute and say that as you look at what’s going to happen as these companies are going into next year’s contract for buying coking coal, we believe that there will be an increase based upon the current spot buy. And obviously on final product, we see that that’s going to put us in a more competitive position then we were when coking coal was at half the price that it’s today.
John Ferriola: Timna, if I could just add something quickly and that is this is exactly why we move forward with the DRI strategy. We look at it as we’ve talked about many times just as a hedge. It gives us a flexibility, gives us balance and as cost of raw materials change, cost of raw materials and steel making represent more than 50% of the cost of the product, this gives us a tremendous advantage as things shift. And given, our DRI and our DJ Joseph Company, the ability to buy pig iron or HB iron when it makes sense, DRI facilities to be able to buy scrap internationally. These are the kinds of things when you have these kinds of movements as we’ve seen today in coking coal and really point to the value of our long-term raw material strategy.
John Ferriola: It’s another competitor and we’ve never shied away from competition as well as long it’s fair and legal, we love it. And we’re confident that we can take it on without having an impact upon our business. Certainly, it’s going to hurt the market; certainly, it is going to have an influence on the market. But given what we’ve been doing, particularly in the southeast and then markets that we have been targeting, as we move up the value chain, certainly it’s going to be a while before they can move up into the same areas that -- products that we are producing, particularly the high strengths, franchise [ph] strengths and the automotive kind of markets that we are moving into. So, you’re right, as we move away from -- more and more away from these more commodity grades, we’ll have less of an impact. I’ll also point out to you, Timna, you heard in our script about our Specialty Cold Mill Complex that’s going into Hickman might point out the difference, I don’t know how many miles but not that many miles away from Big River steel. And we are confident that unique mill equipment that we are putting in there, it’s going to give us an ability to produce products that we can’t produce today but products that certainly Big River can’t produce today, and we think that that will give us another edge over them as they come up with their more commoditized products.
John Ferriola: Listen, we are very confident. We first of all -- just to comment on your statement, we agree. We think that going into 2017, orders will be basically flat, we don’t see it going up, it might go down a little bit but we don’t see it changing significantly. And even in that environment, we will continue to grow our market share, not only in the types of products that we can produce that go into automotive but frankly in the number of automotive companies that have interest in doing business with us. As we’ve said many times, our target is to reach 2 million tons by 2018; today we are somewhere around 1.4, 1.45 in that range. And the team here will tell you that our next target is 3 million tons by 2021. I will tell you that our next target is to be maintaining tons by 2020. And frankly the JV that you have heard us talk about in the script, the JV with JFE is going to be a big boost, not only in that particular project or on the galvanizing side, but frankly the recognition that Nucor has achieved by being picked as a partner with JFE, clearly the premier automotive field producer in the world will put to bed finally this argument about whether or not automotive grade steel can be made in an electric arc furnace shop, particularly one that has Nucor name on the front of the facility.
John Ferriola: Clearly CRU-minus drifts in and drifts out, depending upon how the market conditions are. And right now, we’ve heard the same things that you’ve heard that there are some companies out there offering CRU-minus contracts again. But, I want to be real clear about this, we do not do that; we don’t think it’s a good business practice. And we take a different approach to it. We think that we sell our products based on quality, service, on-time delivery and we do what we need to do to and be competitive to situations but we do not offer CRU-minus on our sheet business.
John Ferriola: Well, we feel very positive about the outcome. And frankly, we were disappointed with the outcome last time. But you’re right, the recent changes in the trade laws that we had put into effect last year, these levels of playing field that gave us more tools that we could better argue these cases, we believe more successfully argue these cases. And I will tell you that on rebar particular, we think that we have a strong case to be made. But frankly, when you look at the results that came out of the last trade case, particularly as they related to Turkey, there were commitments made during those hearings where Turkey said that they would not increase their imports into the United States, and you talk about the plastic hockey stick, these things went off the charts. And the fact that the way that the country acted with their imports into United States on rebar after the trade cases left on, we think provides tremendous ammunition for us in this case. And we’re anxious to prosecute it.
John Ferriola: Well, I am just going to make a general comment, say that we’re really pleased that both sides of the aisle, both candidates and both political parties are finally understanding the importance of fair and balanced trade. And we’re really excited about that, whichever candidate that gives in, we hope that they live up to the campaign promises they made to recognize the importance of enforcing our trade laws. And also building on second part of your question, both candidates have spoken about the infrastructure of the United States. And I will tell you to me personally, as you know I come from New York. I was in New York a few weeks ago, the conditions of the highways and bridges in New York are deplorable; it’s an embracement to United States of America. And when you look at some of the estimates that are out there today by different agencies that rate the bridges, rate the roads, they are talking about a need of spending almost $3 trillion over the next five years, just to get them up to a B or B plus level. Think about that amount; that’s tremendous, it’s long overdue. I hope both candidates or whichever candidate -- excuse me, each of the candidates, whichever gets in, lives up to their commitment, both on infrastructure and on maintaining the strong enforcement of our trading loss. And that goes not only for the presidency but for congress also.
John Ferriola: So, let me just conclude by saying to our Nucor family, our customers, our shareholders, our teammates, thank you. Thank you for your business, thank you for your support. To our teammates, thank you for your hard work that you do every day. Your contributions have led us to the position of strength that we enjoy today and ensure a bright future for all of us. Most importantly to my teammates, thank you for doing it safely. Thanks for your interest in Nucor. Have a great day.
